
                               1 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Bill: SENATE BILL No. 1266

LENGTH: 540  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following bill
updates:

   encourage or solicit a person to enter into any written or

   oral agreement for home improvement services or provision of

   home improvement materials or to justify an increase in the

   previously agreed upon price;



   (2) receives any advance payment for performing home

   improvement services or providing home improvement materials

   and fails to perform or provide such services or materials

   when specified in the contract taking into account any force

   majeure or unforeseen labor strike that would extend the time

   frame or unless extended by agreement with the owner and

   fails to return the payment received for such services or

   materials which were not provided by that date;

   (3) while soliciting a person to enter into an agreement

   for home improvement services or materials, misrepresents or

   conceals the contractor's or salesperson's real name, the

   name of the contractor's business, the contractor's business

   address or any other identifying information;

   (4) damages a person's property with the intent to

   induce, encourage or solicit that person to enter into a

   written or oral agreement for performing home improvement

   services or providing home improvement materials;

   (5) misrepresents himself or another as an employee or

   agent of the Federal, Commonwealth or municipal government,

   any other governmental unit or any public utility with the

   intent to cause a person to enter into any agreement for

   performing home improvement services or providing home

   improvement materials;

   (6) misrepresents an item as a special order material or

   to misrepresent the cost of the special order material;

   (7) alters a home improvement agreement, mortgage,

   20160SB1266PN1834  - 3 -

   1

   2

   3

   4

   5

   6

   7

   8

   9

   10

   11

   12

   13

   14

   15

   16

   17

   18

   19

   20

   21

   22

   23

   24

   25

   26

   27

   28

   29

   30

 promissory note or other document incident to performing or
 selling a home improvement without the consent of the
 consumer; [or]
 (8) directly or indirectly publishes a false or
 deceptive advertisement in violation of State law governing
 advertising about home improvement[.]; or
 (9) enters into a home improvement agreement, whether or
 not the agreement is written or oral, without first
 registering with the bureau as provided for under this act.
 * * *
 (c) Grading.--
 (1) A violation of subsection (a)(1), (3), (4), (5),
 (6), (7) [or], (8) or (9) constitutes:
 (i) a felony of the third degree if the amount
 involved exceeds $2,000; or
 (ii) a misdemeanor of the first degree if the amount
 involved is $2,000 or less or if the amount involved
 cannot be satisfactorily ascertained.
 * * *
 Section 3. Section 9 of the act is amended by adding a
 paragraph to read:
 Section 9. Prohibited acts.
 No person shall:
 * * *
 (13) Provide false or incomplete information on a
 registration application to the bureau.
 Section 4. This act shall take effect in 60 days.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2017 Saturday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Bill: SENATE BILL No. 297

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following bill
updates:




   address or any other identifying information;

   (4) damages a person's property with the intent to

   induce, encourage or solicit that person to enter into a

   written or oral agreement for performing home improvement

   services or providing home improvement materials;



   (5) misrepresents himself or another as an employee or

   agent of the Federal, Commonwealth or municipal government,

   any other governmental unit or any public utility with the

   intent to cause a person to enter into any agreement for

   performing home improvement services or providing home

   improvement materials;

   (6) misrepresents an item as a special order material or

   to misrepresent the cost of the special order material;

   (7) alters a home improvement agreement, mortgage,

   promissory note or other document incident to performing or

   selling a home improvement without the consent of the

   consumer; [or]

   (8) directly or indirectly publishes a false or

   deceptive advertisement in violation of State law governing

   advertising about home improvement[.]; or

   (9) enters into a home improvement agreement, whether or

   not the agreement is written or oral, without first

   registering with the bureau as provided for under this act.

   * * *

   (c) Grading.--

   (1) A violation of subsection (a)(1), (3), (4), (5),

   (6), (7) [or], (8) or (9) constitutes:

   (i) a felony of the third degree if the amount

   involved exceeds $2,000; or

   (ii) a misdemeanor of the first degree if the amount

   20170SB0297PN0299  - 7 -

   1

   2

   3

   4

   5

   6

   7

   8

   9

   10

   11

   12

   13

   14

   15

   16

   17

   18

   19

   20

   21

   22

   23

   24

   25

   26

   27

   28

   29

   30

 involved is $2,000 or less or if the amount involved
 cannot be satisfactorily ascertained.
 * * *
 Section 4. Section 9 of the act is amended by adding a
 paragraph to read:
 Section 9. Prohibited acts.
 No person shall:
 * * *
 (13) Provide false or incomplete information on a
 registration application to the bureau.
 Section 5. The act is amended by adding sections to read:
 Section 14. Construction.
 Nothing in this act shall be construed to limit the bureau's
 ability to bring an action in the name of the Commonwealth under
 the act of December 17, 1968 (P.L.1224, No.387), known as the
 Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law.
 Section 15. Applicability of 2 Pa.C.S.
 The provisions of 2 Pa.C.S. (relating to administrative law
 and procedure) may not apply to this act unless specifically
 adopted by regulation or policy.
 Section 6. This act shall take effect in 60 days




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Be cautious with seasonal giving, state warns;
Report criticizes telemarketers who misrepresent where donations end up

BYLINE: By Maki Becker - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 572 words


Western New Yorkers pride themselves on their generosity, particularly around
the holiday season.

But the state Attorney General's Office is warning New Yorkers across the state
to be careful about giving to charities soliciting donations by telephone.

In many instances, the charities are being represented by professional,
for-profit telemarketers who pocket most of the money and sometimes misrepresent
that fact.

A report released Wednesday showed that statewide, just 36.9 cents of every
dollar raised by professional telemarketing companies in 2010 ended up in the
hands of the charities.

It was even worse in Western New York, where telemarketers raised $1.6 million
last year. Only 34.6 cents of every doller raised in Erie, Allegany,
Cattaraugus, Chautauqua, Genesee, Niagara, Orleans and Wyoming counties went to
the charities they were intended for.

There are no laws limiting the amount a company can make in raising funds for a
charity. However, it's illegal for a fundraising firm to misrepresent itself
while soliciting donations. They are required to clearly state how the money is
going to be used.

Many of these fundraising campaigns were for public safety-related
organizations, which is of particular concern to the Attorney General's charity
bureau, which keeps tabs on charity-related fraud and crimes. Some people,
particularly the elderly in rural areas, may be easily pressured by unscrupulous
telemarketers into donating, thinking their public safety needs could be
affected if they don't give.

The Attorney General's Office singled out five of the worst campaigns in Western
New York.

* One telemarketing firm, called Campaign Headquarters Inc., was involved in
three of the campaigns: those for the Buffalo Police Benevolent Association, the
Police Athletic League of Niagara Falls, N.Y., and the Deputy Sheriff's
Association of Niagara County. In all cases, charities received just 20 percent
of the funds raised.

* In another campaign, Marketing Squad raised $149,184 for Parents of Retarded
Children Camp Fund. The charity received $29,836.80, or 20 percent, of the funds
raised.

* Spotlight Music Productions Inc. raised $44,040 for the South Lockport Fire
Company. The organization received $11,013 -- just over 25 percent.

"The people of our state really deserve to know that their hard-earned dollars
are going where they are intended to go and not just being used for fundraising
and overhead costs," said Attorney General Eric Schneiderman in a prepared
statement.

Last week, Schneiderman's office barred a Connecticut-based telemarketing
company, Stage Door Music Productions, from soliciting charitable contributions
in New York State because of its practices. The state took the company to court,
and a State Supreme Court judge has ordered it to pay $1.2 million to the state;
company owner Robert J. Donato, 53, of Middlebury, Conn., was ordered to pay
$40,000.

Several Western New York charities, including the North Tonawanda Police
Benevolent Association and the North Tonawanda Professional Firefighters
Benevolent Association, hired Stage Door to run charity campaigns in the past,
but none used the company last year.

Schneiderman urged anyone considering donating to an organization to go to
www.charitiesnys.com first to check out the charity. The website offers tips on
donating and also has information for charities on how to select a professional
fundraising group.

email: mbecker@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday
                                   L2 Edition

Fence Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 536 words


Schmidt did not

refute tax claims

A newspaper's biases are too often revealed in headlines that misrepresent the
content of the article. This is almost universally true of the Daily Herald's
coverage of Lake County Board President Suzi Schmidt.

Saturday's headline claims she "refutes" a claim that she is misrepresenting
local tax rates in her race for state Senate. Either the headline was intended
to misrepresent the story, or the editors of the Daily Herald are unclear of the
definition of the word "refute." Refute does not mean half-baked, vague,
political doublespeak intended to cover one's misrepresentations, which is what
Schmidt provided in the article; it means to prove something to be wrong, which
Schmidt clearly did not.

It's an interesting and revealing situation when a newspaper misrepresents the
facts in a headline about a pet politician misrepresenting facts. Sadly, we've
come to expect nothing more from Schmidt or the Daily Herald.

Robert Flanary

Grayslake

GOP puts American values second

If Republicans are the party of country first, being American, patriotic and
being good Christians, how come they:

1) Give big businesses tax breaks, incentives to close up shop here in the U.S.,
putting Americans out of work and opening shop in China, Mexico, India, etc.?
Which country are the Republicans talking about? And how is this being patriotic
and American?

2) Want to kill every bill from Democrats that could help the economy, country
and people, because corporate America couldn't benefit.

3) Don't want to expand jobless benefits to the people who have lost jobs but
give the wealthy tax breaks.

4) Allow a situation where 42 percent of homeless people are under 6 years old
while corporate America continues to rake in their multimillion-dollar salaries,
multimillion-dollar bonus checks and those golden-parachute retirement packages.
That's the only thing that matters to Republicans. How American, patriotic or
even Christian is this?

5) Care only about corporate America, above the country, economy and people. To
me, the stand of Republicans is more in line with terrorists bent on destroying
the country, economy and people.

6) Talk about committing financial genocide, annihilation of the American
people. This is what Republicans and corporate America are doing.

Linda Schuett

Antioch

Families should

decide mosque issue

Let the families of those who lost their loved ones in the horrible devastation
of those two towers in New York City on 9/11 decide what to build near ground
zero -- not the Muslims who want to build their mosque that will only aggravate
Americans for years to come.

Let them build their beautiful park with fountain where people can walk or sit
on benches and watch the flowers blooming and pay respect for those who lost
their lives there, not the planned concrete building that will not have any
effect for people coming to New York to visit.

This place belongs to America and the decision should be up to Americans, not
Muslims. We should keep it that way.

It is our country, and we should decide what to build on this historic place
that left many scars in our hearts. If Muslims want to build their mosque, there
are many empty places around New York.

Otto Valnoha

Fox Lake

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                               5 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                              May 17, 2002 Friday

Calif. crisis not about market forces

SECTION: JUDGEMENT CALLS

LENGTH: 221 words

HIGHLIGHT: Loretta M. Lynch, president of the California Public Utilities
Commission, in testimony to the Senate commerce committee.


With the publication of the Enron memos, none of us can hide from a basic truth:
The California energy crisis has never been about supply or demand or any other
set of economic fundamentals. It has been about a complete lack of appropriate
enforcement, and lax or nonexistent federal regulation.

The Enron memos describe some of the means by which California was plundered. It
is now past time to assess how devastating the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission's failure to enforce the law has been to California's economy and to
California's families.

We now know that the regime of so-called "market-based rates" approved by FERC
has been simply a way of permitting sellers to avoid the just and reasonable
price requirements of the Federal Power Act. By refusing to state their prices
in advance through a public filing at FERC, sellers are placed in a position to
commit deception or fraud.

The Enron memos are a catalog of the misrepresentations that may be used to
defeat the just and reasonable legal requirement -  misrepresent load,
misrepresent power plant deliveries, misrepresent power destinations,
misrepresent transmission line loadings.

-  Loretta M. Lynch, president, California Public Utilities Commission, in
testimony Wednesday, May 15, to the Senate commerce committee

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Deal L.L.C.


                               6 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Most British scientists cited in study feel Richard Dawkins' work
misrepresents science

LENGTH: 738  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University of Rice, The State of Texas  has issued the following news
release:



   Controversial British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins is well-known
for his criticism of religion, but a new Rice University study of British
scientists reveals that a majority who mentioned Dawkins' work during research
interviews reject his approach to public engagement and said his work
misrepresents science and scientists because he conveys the wrong impression
about what science can do and the norms that scientists observe in their work.



 Elaine Howard Ecklund. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 Elaine Howard Ecklund. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 The findings in "Responding to Richard: Celebrity and (Mis)representation of
Science" appeared in a recent edition of Public Understandings of Science and
are part of a larger Religion Among Scientists in International Context study.
The RASIC study includes a survey of over 20,000 scientists from eight
countries. In the United Kingdom, 1,581 randomly sampled scientists participated
in the survey, and 137 of them also participated in in-depth interviews.



 Although the researchers did not ask questions about Dawkins, 48 scientists
mentioned him during in-depth interviews without prompting, and nearly 80
percent of those scientists believe that he misrepresents science and scientists
in his books and public engagements. This group included 23 nonreligious
scientists and 15 religious scientists. Approximately 20 percent of scientists
interviewed - 10 scientists all identifying as nonreligious - said that he plays
an important role in asserting the cultural authority of science in the public
sphere. One biologist surveyed said Dawkins has "quite an important place in
society" in his criticism of creationism and intelligent design.



 Elaine Howard Ecklund, the study's principal investigator and the Herbert S.
Autrey Chair in Social Sciences at Rice, said that some scientists, independent
of their religious beliefs, do not view Dawkins as a good representative because
they believe he conveys "the wrong impression about the borders of scientific
inquiry."



 "Scientists differ in their view of where such borders rest," said David
Johnson, an assistant professor at the University of Nevada in Reno and the
paper's lead author. "And they may even view belief in a deity as irrational,
but they do not view questions related to the existence of deities or 'the
sacred' as within the scope of science."



 "Some people like Richard Dawkins," said a nonreligious professor of biology.
"He's a fundamental atheist. He feels compelled to take the evidence way beyond
that which other scientists would regard as possible. ... I want [students] to
develop [science] in their own lives. And I think it's necessary to understand
what science does address directly."



 A nonreligious physicist said, "He's much too strong about the way he denies
religion. ... As a scientist, you've got to be very open, and I'm open to
people's belief in religion. ... I don't think we're in a position to deny
anything unless it's something which is within the scope of science to deny. ...
I think as a scientist you should be open to it. ... It doesn't end up
encroaching for me because I think there's quite a space between the two."



 Dawkins has "gone on a crusade, basically," another professor of biology said.
"Although there is a lot of truth behind what he says, he does it in a way that
I think is deliberately designed to alienate religious people."



 Ecklund said it is important to note that none of the scientists interviewed
questioned Dawkins' integrity as a scientist. Rather, they were critical of his
representation of science to the public.



 "In general, scientists in interviews emphasized promotion of science over the
scientist, diplomacy over derision and dialogue over ideological extremism," she
said.



 Johnson said he hopes the research will help scientists learn to communicate
science without alienating the public.



 "The best science communication does not begin with insults and arrogance,"
Johnson said. "It encourages curiosity, open-mindedness and appreciation for
science."



 Kirstin Matthews, a fellow in science and technology policy at Rice's Baker
Institute for Public Policy, and Di Di, a Ph.D. candidate in the Department of
Sociology at Rice, co-authored the paper.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 5, 2002 Tuesday

FTC seeks to shut down four OKC telemarketing companies

BYLINE: Ray Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 997 words


Federal regulators are seeking to shut down four Oklahoma City-based
telemarketing companies for allegedly violating a 1996 court order and force
them to repay $51 million to customers.

The Federal Trade Commission said Monday that it had asked a federal judge to
charge the companies with contempt. The FTC motion names four companies --
Diversified Marketing Services, National Marketing Service, NPC Corporation of
the Midwest and Magazine Club Billing Service -- and three individuals -- H.G.
Kuykendall Jr.; H.G. Kuykendall Sr.; and C.H. Kuykendall.

In March 1996, the FTC filed suit charging the defendants with lying to
customers about the cost and duration of magazine subscriptions, charging
consumers' accounts without authorization, refusing to cancel subscriptions,
lying about consumers' rights to cancel telemarketing contracts under state law,
and threatening consumers' credit ratings.

The court issued a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction,
froze the defendants' assets and appointed a receiver to oversee the business
operations.

In October 1996, the companies agreed to stop the practices alleged by the FTC
and pay $1.5 million in consumer redress.

In papers filed with the court Jan. 28, the FTC alleged that the companies
continued to engage in the same misleading and illegal practices they were
charged with in 1996.

"As shown by consumer complaints to state attorneys general, local branches of
the Better Business Bureau, private attorneys, the FTC, and to the defendants
themselves, the scope of the defendants' contempt is widespread," the FTC filing
stated. "It is almost as though defendants erased from their minds that they had
been sued, agreed to be bound by a federal Court order, and are obligated to
comply with the law and the permanent injunction."

The FTC charges that the defendants have continued to:

* Misrepresent the cost and duration of subscriptions.

* Misrepresent consumers' ability to cancel their subscriptions.

* Misrepresent enforceability of the subscription package agreements.

* Misrepresent the need for consumers' account information.

* Charge consumers without authorization or agreement.

In addition, the agency alleges that the companies violated certain
record-keeping provisions that were required by the 1996 order to allow the FTC
to monitor compliance.

The commission has asked the court to ban the defendants from engaging or
participating in any type of telemarketing. The agency has also asked the court
to award $51 million in consumer redress.

Daniel Smith, an attorney for the telemarketers, told The Associated Press he
was not aware of the latest government charges and could not comment.

The original lawsuit citing the companies and the motion for contempt citation
were brought with the assistance of the Office of the Attorney General of
Oklahoma. The case is part of Project Scofflaw, an initiative to prosecute
violators of FTC-obtained court orders.

The FTC is seeking the creation of a national "do not call" registry, allowing
people to stop most telemarketers from calling their homes with a single
request. The agency also wants to prevent telemarketers from hiding their
identities from consumers' caller ID boxes and keep them from sharing billing
information about their customers.

State lawmakers could also take action to curtail telemarketing during this
year's legislative session, which began this week.

House Bill 2347 by Rep. Bill Paulk, D-Oklahoma City, would create the Oklahoma
No-Call List Act. House Bill 2760 by Rep. Jim Newport, R-Ponca City, would
create the Telemarketer Restriction Act. Both bills direct the attorney
general's office to establish a statewide list of consumers "who do not desire
to receive unsolicited telemarketing sales calls." Anyone could be placed on the
list at no cost. The attorney general's office would update the no-call list at
least once each quarter, and would provide the registry to telemarketers for a
fee.

Telemarketers would be forbidden from placing unsolicited commercial sales calls
to any consumer more than 30 days after that person's name and telephone number
appeared on the latest quarterly "do not call" roster.

Besides creating a "do not call" registry, HB 2760 would prohibit telemarketers
from placing sales calls in Oklahoma before 9 a.m. or after 5 p.m. Currently the
deadline is 9 p.m.

A deliberate violation could result in several actions, including issuance of a
restraining order, revocation of the telemarketer's license to do business in
Oklahoma, actual damages and a fine, and even a stint in a county jail or a
state prison.

Another measure, House Bill 2837, would ban the use of equipment that
intentionally blocks the seller's identity or telephone number by caller
identification devices. The bill would also make it unlawful for a telemarketer
to use equipment that dials and engages the telephone number of more than one
person at a time, "but allows only one line at a time to be connected to the
seller."

According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, half of the states
-- including Arkansas, Colorado, Missouri, Nebraska and Texas -- have enacted
"do-not-call" laws. In addition, just under half the states require some form of
licensing or registration for telemarketing companies.

Texas launched its do-not-call registry Jan. 1. By the middle of the month,
132,854 Texans had signed up for the service and enrollment showed no sign of
slowing.

In 1999 the Oklahoma Legislature passed two measures imposing requirements on
commercial telephone sales. One requires any telemarketer to post a $10,000 bond
with its application to the attorney general for registration to do business in
Oklahoma. The other measure prohibits telemarketers from using any equipment or
techniques designed to prevent the commercial salesperson's identity or
telephone number from appearing on the recipient's caller identification
equipment.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Regulatory

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Most British scientists cited in study feel Richard Dawkins' work
misrepresents science

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University of Rice, The State of Texas  has issued the following news
release:



   Controversial British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins is well-known
for his criticism of religion, but a new Rice University study of British
scientists reveals that a majority who mentioned Dawkins' work during research
interviews reject his approach to public engagement and said his work
misrepresents science and scientists because he conveys the wrong impression
about what science can do and the norms that scientists observe in their work.



 Richard Dawkins speaks on the Rice campus in 2011. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 Richard Dawkins speaks on the Rice campus in 2011. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 The findings in "Responding to Richard: Celebrity and (Mis)representation of
Science" appeared in a recent edition of Public Understandings of Science and
are part of a larger Religion Among Scientists in International Context study.
The RASIC study includes a survey of over 20,000 scientists from eight
countries. In the United Kingdom, 1,581 randomly sampled scientists participated
in the survey, and 137 of them also participated in in-depth interviews.



 Although the researchers did not ask questions about Dawkins, 48 scientists
mentioned him during in-depth interviews without prompting, and nearly 80
percent of those scientists believe that he misrepresents science and scientists
in his books and public engagements. This group included 23 nonreligious
scientists and 15 religious scientists. Approximately 20 percent of scientists
interviewed - 10 scientists all identifying as nonreligious - said that he plays
an important role in asserting the cultural authority of science in the public
sphere. One biologist surveyed said Dawkins has "quite an important place in
society" in his criticism of creationism and intelligent design.

 0915_ECKLUND-b



 Elaine Howard Ecklund. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 Elaine Howard Ecklund, the study's principal investigator and the Herbert S.
Autrey Chair in Social Sciences at Rice, said that some scientists, independent
of their religious beliefs, do not view Dawkins as a good representative because
they believe he conveys "the wrong impression about the borders of scientific
inquiry."



 "Scientists differ in their view of where such borders rest," said David
Johnson, an assistant professor at the University of Nevada in Reno and the
paper's lead author. "And they may even view belief in a deity as irrational,
but they do not view questions related to the existence of deities or 'the
sacred' as within the scope of science."



 "Some people like Richard Dawkins," said a nonreligious professor of biology.
"He's a fundamental atheist. He feels compelled to take the evidence way beyond
that which other scientists would regard as possible. ... I want [students] to
develop [science] in their own lives. And I think it's necessary to understand
what science does address directly."



 A nonreligious physicist said, "He's much too strong about the way he denies
religion. ... As a scientist, you've got to be very open, and I'm open to
people's belief in religion. ... I don't think we're in a position to deny
anything unless it's something which is within the scope of science to deny. ...
I think as a scientist you should be open to it. ... It doesn't end up
encroaching for me because I think there's quite a space between the two."



 Dawkins has "gone on a crusade, basically," another professor of biology said.
"Although there is a lot of truth behind what he says, he does it in a way that
I think is deliberately designed to alienate religious people."



 Ecklund said it is important to note that none of the scientists interviewed
questioned Dawkins' integrity as a scientist. Rather, they were critical of his
representation of science to the public.



 "In general, scientists in interviews emphasized promotion of science over the
scientist, diplomacy over derision and dialogue over ideological extremism," she
said.



 Johnson said he hopes the research will help scientists learn to communicate
science without alienating the public.



 "The best science communication does not begin with insults and arrogance,"
Johnson said. "It encourages curiosity, open-mindedness and appreciation for
science."



 Kirstin Matthews, a fellow in science and technology policy at Rice's Baker
Institute for Public Policy, and Di Di, a Ph.D. candidate in the Department of
Sociology at Rice, co-authored the paper.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                 March 5, 2007

Insurance legislation in Idaho House would clarify languages

BYLINE: Lora Volkert

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 547  words


The House Business Committee voted 10-6 last week to recommend passage of a bill
that would allow insurance companies to advertise in Spanish or other languages,
but write insurance policies in English. Opponents of the measure said they
don't have a problem with the language used for brochures and contracts. But
they are concerned that one sentence in the bill would set one legal standard
for English speakers and another legal standard for people who speak primarily
Spanish or other languages. The last sentence in the bill states, "Advertisement
regarding an insurance policy in languages other than English may not be
construed to modify the policy in the event of a dispute over the provisions of
the policy. " Court precedents in Idaho state that if a brochure or other ad
describing an insurance policy offers more coverage than the actual written
insurance contract, the consumer is entitled to the coverage described in the
brochure, according to Clinton Miner of the Idaho Trial Lawyers Association.
Consumers don't have to prove false advertising - they automatically get what's
in their brochures.

The bill could remove those protections for non-English speakers, he said,
making it harder to file a claim for Spanish-speaking consumers. Hannah Saona of
the American Civil Liberties Union called the bill discriminatory. "Why should
non-English speakers bear the burden of proving false advertising?" she said.
"The problem that they envision is simply not there," said Allyn Dingel, an
attorney for  an insurance firm, who argued that the statement in the bill was
intended only to ensure that the English language controls when there is a minor
disagreement about nuances, not blatant misrepresentation about policy coverage.
"If you misrepresent a policy, you misrepresent a policy. " The bill passed the
committee despite concerns by some lawmakers. Rep. Branden Durst, D-Boise,
questioned whether consumers would be able to prove the policy was
misrepresented to them if their Spanish-language brochure was inadmissible in
court. If the brochure is inadmissible, he's concerned cases would come down to
"he said, she said. " Dingel said concerns that this would allow insurance
companies to misrepresent their policies to non-English speakers were irrelevant
because the Idaho code this bill would be inserted into makes it a crime to
falsely advertise insurance policies. But Rep. Bill Killen, D-Boise, was not
assuaged. "A specific provision always controls over the more general," said
Killen, who is an attorney. The last sentence specifically prohibits using the
brochure to construe what the policy is, he said, so the Spanish-language
brochure would never appear before a judge or jury. Rep. Mark Snodgrass,
R-Meridian, said if he was Bosnian, read a Bosnian-language insurance brochure,
he would expect to get the coverage in the brochure. He added that he didn't
think it was too onerous to ask insurance firms to offer policies in the same
languages in which they advertise. But Rep. Marv Hagedorn, R-Meridian, said he
was satisfied with the bill. "It appears to me we've run the legal gauntlet with
this. " The committee defeated motions to hold the bill in committee and to
strike the final sentence of the bill, and recommended passage in the House.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Facebook photo misrepresents animal shelter

BYLINE: Chris Harris, Commonwealth Journal, Somerset, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


Jan. 29--The photo used on a Facebook page protesting conditions at the Pulaski
County Animal Shelter appears to have actually been taken at a facility in
Wisconsin.

A Commonwealth Journal reader contacted a reporter on Tuesday after reading an
article published in that day's edition about the "Pulaski Co. Animal shelter
boycott" page on Facebook.

A photo on that page of a shelter hallway in deplorable condition -- which
Pulaski County Community Development Director Tiffany Bourne said was not a
photo of any space in the local shelter -- actually came from a story on
www.fox6now.com, a Fox network news station out of Milwaukee, Wisc.

The reader had located the image on the Internet after a search, and also
provided a link to the story on the station's website from May 30, 2014 --
"Woman adopted sick dog from Orphan Kanines: 'Bad smell & strange conditions'"
-- which references a facility in the community of Caledonia, Wisc.

It was reported in Tuesday edition that the page claimed in its "About" section,
"Pills are being sold here, sex with the magistrates to cover up problems. Poor
living conditions, what's going to happen next(.)"

A check of the page again on Tuesday found that the above text had been replaced
with, "Stop going to the place!!!"

There were numerous posts made by the page's operator in criticism of the
shelter located on Adopt Me Lane off of East Ky. 80, including a photo of a
shelter hallway in deplorable condition.

"There's this picture that had feces all over the hallways and the kennels and
everywhere," said Bourne. "The paint on the wall is a different color than at
the shelter, the hallway is a lot longer. It just isn't our shelter."

The Commonwealth Journal had contacted the Facebook page on Monday, but had
received no response by Tuesday.

CHRIS HARRIS, CJ staff writer, can be reached at charris@somerset-kentucky.com

___ (c)2015 the Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Ky.) Visit the Commonwealth
Journal (Somerset, Ky.) at somerset-kentucky.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150129-CG-Facebook-photo-misrepresents-animal-shelter-0129-20150129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CG


                      Copyright 2015 Commonwealth Journal


                              11 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Idaho: Idahoans to Receive Refunds from Utah Security System Company

LENGTH: 700  words

DATELINE: Boise


Office of the Attorney General, The State of Idaho has issued the following
press release:

Attorney General Lawrence Wasden has reached a settlement with a Utah home
security company accused of violating Idaho's Consumer Protection Act. The
settlement requires the company, Vision Security, LLC, to implement significant
changes to the way its sales representatives interact with Idaho consumers.

"The purchase of a home-security system is a significant investment and
consumers should feel safe knowing that the people selling them are providing
truthful and honest information, without hidden fees or misrepresentation,"
Attorney General Wasden said.

Consumers reported to the Attorney General that Vision Security's door-to-door
sales representatives misrepresented the terms the company's security system
contracts, and that representatives failed to fulfill their promises to
"buy-out" consumers' current security system contracts.

Consumers often ended up paying monthly monitoring fees to two companies or paid
large termination fees to cancel one of their monitoring agreements.
Additionally, Vision Security's door-to-door sales contracts failed to provide
consumers with accurate information about the time allowed to cancel contracts.

The settlement requires Vision Security to make several changes to how it does
business in Idaho. For example, the company's sales representatives:

Must wear identification that includes the sales person's name and affiliation
with Vision Security.
    Must inform the consumer of his or her three-day right to cancel the
agreement.
    Must not tell consumers that their current alarm monitoring company went out
of business or is affiliated with Vision Security.
    Must not misrepresent the number of security systems Vision Security has
installed in the consumer's neighborhood or misrepresent that a consumer's home
is located in a high-crime area
    Must not misrepresent the condition or operability of the consumer's current
security system.
    Must not promise to "buy-out" a consumer's current monitoring agreement.

Idaho consumers who paid early termination or "buy-out" fees to their prior
alarm monitoring companies may be eligible to receive restitution.  To apply for
restitution, consumers must submit a complaint form and supporting documentation
to the Attorney General before September 8, 2014. For detailed eligibility
information and to download a complaint form, consumers can visit the Attorney
General's website at www.ag.idaho.gov.

During the summer, security system companies hire traveling sales agents to go
door-to door, making "cold-calls" on homeowners. In some cases, the salespeople
use high-pressure or deceptive sales tactics to get potential customers to buy
expensive equipment and services that consumers don't need or want. The Attorney
General's Office advises consumers to avoid sellers who:

Make a time-limited offer and claim that you need to act now.
    Urge you to sign a contract stating the equipment is "free."  To get your
"free" equipment, you will have to sign a long-term and expensive monitoring
contract.
    Pressure their way into your home and then refuse to leave.  It is not
impolite to tell a salesperson you are not interested.  It is much easier and
safer to say "no" at the doorstep than try to get the salesperson to leave once
they are inside your home.
    Use scare tactics, such as talking about a rash of supposed burglaries in
your neighborhood.
    Target homeowners who have signs on their properties for security systems
with competitors.
    State or imply that they are from your existing security company and that
they are there to "upgrade" or "replace" your current security system. Once
inside your home, they may install a new system and have you sign papers that
include a costly contract for the monitoring service.
    Claim your security company has gone out of business, that they have taken
over the accounts, or that you have to buy new equipment and sign new contracts.
Normally, you would be notified of a change like this by mail, not by an
unannounced visit from another company's representative.

For further information please visit: http://www.ag.idaho.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 13, 2016 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

READERS WRITE What 'True Islam' believes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 1250 words


MASSACRE IN ORLANDO

A concerted effort is needed to stop radicalization. To bring the true teachings
of Islam to the attention of the world, Ahmadi Muslims have launched the
TrueIslam campaign, which lays out 11 fundamental truths about the teachings of
Islam ignored or misinterpreted by radical elements.

1) True Islam rejects all forms of terrorism.

2) True Islam believes in nonviolent jihad of the self and of the pen.

3) True Islam believes in the equality, education and empowerment of women.

4) True Islam advocates freedom of conscience, religion and speech.

5) True Islam advocates for the separation of mosque and state.

6) True Islam believes in loyalty to your country of residence.

7) True Islam encompasses the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.

8) True Islam believes in all verses of the Qur'an (that is, no verse overrides
another) and forbids lying (to misrepresent teachings of Islam or misrepresent
facts).

9) True Islam recognizes that no religion can monopolize salvation.

10) True Islam believes in the need for unified Muslim leadership.

11) True Islam rejects the concept of a bloody Messiah [referring to any prophet
who would advocate violence].

Readers can endorse this campaign at trueislam.com. The details of the basis of
these points from the Holy Qur'an have been given at the site. The campaign can
be followed on Twitter at @TrueIslamUSA, and the conversation can be joined at
#TrueIslam.

Syed Sajid Ahmad, Fargo, N.D.

· · ·

Einstein is reported to have said that insanity is doing the same thing over and
over again, and expecting different results. Well, the people who are crazy for
their Second Amendment rights have proved the truth of that statement by
protecting the Orlando shooter's right to bear arms. I try to imagine a pollster
questioning those in the bathroom stalls early Sunday, hiding behind thin metal
from a chance to meet their creator. Would they be against mandatory background
checks? Against large ammunition clips? Against the myriad conceal-carry laws
flooding the country with bravado-bound do-gooders whom we haven't seen save
enough lives to justify the right to bring semiautomatics to President Obama's
speeches?

It's one thing to make a political statement. It's another thing to shoot and
kill someone. To shoot and kill 20 kids at school. To shoot and kill co-workers
hundreds, nay, thousands of times out of some less-than-mortal irritation. Well,
I am not naive enough to think we'll corral the domestic armaments industry into
a pen we can control, so I'm reaching out for help to understand how to accept
that we've increased inevitabilities by 50 percent. Now it's death, taxes and
gun violence.

Richard Breitman, Minneapolis

· · ·

Regarding the ongoing debate over guns and the horrible incident in Florida,
here's what the authorities will never tell us about guns, war and murder:

Humans are primates, and primates learn primarily by imitation. This is a
deep-seated, psychological need to be expressed, this desire to imitate
activities that engage the attention of other humans, regardless of the moral
context. (Many studies on human behavior back this up.)

Guns are most dangerous because they so readily make for a spectacle that will
be imitated by other humans, answering a powerful, unconscious level of need,
regardless of morality. (Just look at the popularity of the "How to Get Away
with Murder"-type fare offered on TV.)

Evolution has hard-wired us this way, because imitation-learning behavior has
frequently paid off in our past - with new foods, disease-avoidance behaviors,
etc. And so we should expect more of the same kind of behavior that we've been
seeing until guns and gun play become less visible and less rewarded in our
society.

Guns clearly are making the networks money on TV, what with all the shooting on
prime time. But they are also killing us, because humans will imitate what they
see, regardless of the consequences, as long as it attracts the attention of
other people.

Yes, monkey see, monkey do - humans are that stupid. Obviously we are, as we've
been allowing mayhem to run rampant on society.

Mark R. Jacobson, Richville, Minn.

FIGHTING TERRORISM

For the U.S., seeking stability, the answer is foreign aid

[Editor's note: The following letter was submitted before the weekend's events
in Orlando. We've retained it as part of the broad discussion on terrorism.]

In response to the conviction of three Somali-American men from Minnesota
charged by the FBI with intentions to join the Islamic State in Iraq and the
Levant, why do ISIL and other extremist groups continue to thrive and recruit?

ISIL has projected a narrative of the West as the perpetrator, the evil and the
cause of suffering. In the U.S., popular opinion insists on suspicion and
mistrust of Muslims alienating vulnerable young people. At the root of this
narrative is poverty. Poverty is just a term for many issues, such as poor
governance, bad economic development policies, corruption, unstable governments
and so on. The U.S. has tremendous influence on these issues. Reducing poverty
is an investment to help millions of people to have better lives. The returns
are endless. These populations are unsophisticated markets. In supporting good
governance, good economic policies, accountability and transparency, positive
results are inevitable. If they thrive, we thrive. The Millennium Development
Goals already have reduced poverty by half. Today, more girls are going to
schools than before, and that is in part thanks to these goals.

The U.S. spends about 1 percent of its GDP on foreign aid, and, sure, the
absolute number may sound high, but in a multitrillion-dollar economy, it barely
scratches the Treasury. The U.S. can resist falling into this radical narrative
by making good investments in these communities.

Ong Thao, Ramsey

PRINCE'S DEATH

Some facts about fentanyl

Upon the final report of the untimely death of Prince, many editorial comments
on the drug fentanyl continue to flood the media. I would like to add my
professional clarification about things you may have read:

"Fentanyl is 50 to 100 times more potent than morphine." This is a fact. What it
does not mean is it is more powerful. It means a dose of fentanyl 50 to 100
times less than that of morphine will produce the same effects.

Imagine you need a caffeine boost. You stop in the coffeehouse and order an
ordinary cup of joe, drink it and you are good to go. If, instead, you order a
double espresso, you also drink it and are good to go. Likely similar doses of
caffeine, so what is the difference? The serving size. That is potency.

· "Fentanyl is used mostly in hospitals or surgical centers." True as well.
Intravenously administered fentanyl is excellent in this setting, because it is
an excellent pain reliever. It is shorter-acting than morphine (one hour vs.
three), so patients can be aroused sooner.

· Fentanyl must be administered intravenously, through the skin, nasally or by
holding it in the mouth so it can be absorbed by the blood vessels in the cheek
or under the tongue. It is minimally absorbed in the gastrointestinal tract, so
tablets or solutions given by mouth have virtually no effect.

Both morphine and fentanyl are derivatives of opium, used for thousands of years
in the treatment of pain. One or a number of doses of either of these drugs will
not make you addicted. Opiates are a necessary part of patient care when intense
pain threatens to delay or impede healing.

Pamela S. Haase, Rochester

The writer is a retired clinical pharmacist.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 3, 2013 Wednesday

July 5 Readers' letters

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 714 words


McConnell's remark about Clinton is bogus

I laughed out loud when I read recently that Mitch McConnell said that Hillary
Clinton is too old to run for president. She is 69. McConnell also stated that
it would be like a rerun of "The Golden Girls." Mitch McConnell will be 72 in
February 2014. Ronald Reagan was 70 when he was elected president. Sounds like
the pot calling the kettle black.

Marcia Capella

San Jose

Op-ed misrepresents data on food insecurity

Paul Roderick Gregory's op-ed (Opinion, July 2) completely misrepresents the
data. He claims the U.S. Department of Agriculture numbers show only 1 percent
of families have a child who experiences hunger when recent USDA numbers
actually show that 14.9 percent, or 17.9 million, households are food insecure.
This includes families like that of Rewaida Sulaiman, who turned to Second
Harvest because her husband is battling cancer and can't support their children.
Gregory uses a numbers shell game in an attempt to convince readers that cuts to
food stamps won't cause children to go hungry. I've got news for him: Only those
who don't make enough money to feed themselves qualify for food stamps. In Santa
Clara and San Mateo counties, the food stamp program is by far the No. 1 source
of food assistance for low-income families, providing about 100 million meals
each year. Every month about 250,000 people (1 in 10) in our two-county region
receive food from Second Harvest, and nearly half are kids. The recent recession
forced record numbers of our neighbors to turn to food-assistance programs.
Playing games with the numbers does a real disservice to those who are
struggling to get back on their feet, those who may be too old or too sick to
work, and children who are trying to grow up healthy so they can become
productive members of society.

Kathy Jackson

CEO Second Harvest Food Bank Santa Clara, San Mateo counties

Blame CEOs for woes of private employees

This newspaper said (Editorial, June 26) in an editorial, "There's little
evidence to support the idea that today, most public-sector workers are
underpaid compared with comparable private-sector employees." Let's assume this
is true. There is little evidence to support that private worker wages have
risen in the last 30 years. In fact, they have not kept up with the cost of
living expenses and inflation and have pretty much stagnated. Private companies
do this because they can. Some public workers are making more because they have
had to fight and threaten strikes against their employers who keep demanding
more while compensating less. Private employees don't have this option and risk
being fired for making such demands. Thus, they either have to take their
stagnated paychecks, find an increasingly scarce public job, or live on
unemployment. Instead of vilifying public employees, vilify CEOs who allow this
to happen.

Mark Andrews

San Jose

Striking BART workers complaints astound

BART workers complain that they have gone without raises for several years. How
about all of our neighbors who have gone without jobs for several years? A lot
of those helped pay BART workers' salaries when they had jobs. BART workers must
live in the same cave with the five Supreme Court justices who believe voting is
no problem anymore.

Laura Sternberg

San Jose

Pension situation changing in Sunnyvale

This newspaper (Page 1A, June 30) published an article concerning the so called
pension "pickup" that taxpayers are funding. The newspaper's ensuing editorial
(Editorial, July 1) indicated that Sunnyvale is one of the cities that is paying
this "employee portion." This is currently true. But the editorial failed to
point out that Sunnyvale now has a plan in place to have employees paying the
full share of this pension component in five years. The change will be phased in
over five years. It is important for news organizations to point out challenges
in city government, but it should also communicate the full story and plans that
are being executed to address the issue. The Sunnyvale City Council just passed
its fiscal year 2013-14 budget. This budget restores service levels and layouts
out a plan to control the growth curve of expenses. Sticking to these principles
will keep Sunnyvale fiscally sustainable.

Glenn Hendricks

Candidate, Seat 2 Sunnyvale City Council

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Letter to the editor: Letter misrepresents history

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


Letter misrepresents history

Received Dec. 30

In "Founders wanted Christian morality," it is so typical of the religious right
to misrepresent history and the facts. If Christianity appears to be under
attack, then perhaps it is because it has never learned its proper place in the
separation of church and state, and that rightful pushback is interpreted as
attack. Perhaps growing numbers of religious "nones" are getting really tired of
assumed deference to institutions that claim respect that never was earned.

The assertion that the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that we were a
Christian nation is a myth. Perhaps the writer refers to Church of the Holy
Trinity v. United States (1892) where Justice Brewer made similar statements,
but the religious right manipulated the language of the opinion to distort the
actual meaning of the case.

Justice Brewer later clarified his statements in his 1905 book "United States: A
Christian Nation" where he explains clearly, "government as a legal organization
is independent of all religions" and "the Constitution specifically provides
that 'congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof.'"

It is important to note that among the Founding Fathers, there were both
believers and non-believers, yet they clearly intended to keep the Constitution
secular.

Finally, the notion that to be moral is to be Christian is bunk. First,
Christianity sets a bad example throughout history. Second, check out the
statistics of secular societies versus societies that claim to be religious, and
see that secular societies are the healthier ones.

(Word count: 250)

JEFFREY DUPLESSIS

Ammon

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             June 17, 1999 Thursday

HIMA cites 'relentless efforts' to misrepresent PVC safety

LENGTH: 478 words

HIMA cites 'relentless efforts' to misrepresent PVC safety

A Medical Device Week Staff Report

In a statement released Tuesday, the Health Industry Manufacturers Association
(HIMA; Washington) struck back at what it called the "relentless efforts to
misrepresent" the safety of medical devices containing PVC and di-ethylhexyl
phthalates (DEHP), most often generically referred to as vinyl.

Supporting the safety claims for those products, HIMA said such products "have
had an extremely successful 40-year safety record meeting the Food and Drug
Administration's 'gold standard' for safety and effectiveness. In most cases,
vinyl continues to be the optimal material of choice. Any efforts to eliminate
vinyl from medical products could harm patients if materials lacking the unique
performance characteristics of vinyl are forced upon manufacturers."

The statement came shortly after another salvo from anti-PVC forces, primarily
from Health Care Without Harm (HCWH; Washington) which, together with
GreenPeace, has targeted the material as harmful.

HCWH cited what it called "a new, comprehensive study of the scientific
literature" on DEHP - a survey commissioned by the group - saying the survey
clearly demonstrated vinyl's health risks in medical devices. And it said a
coalition of more than 180 health, religious, labor and environmental
organizations has petitioned the FDA, asking the agency "to warn patients and
health care providers about the potential health risks from this toxic
chemical."

HCWH described the survey as a "peer-reviewed report" by the Center for
Sustainable Pro duction at the University of Massachusetts-Lowell, evaluating
more than 100 studies on DEHP. "The review confirmed that the toxic chemical
leaches, potentially causing damage to the heart, liver, ovaries, testes, lungs
and kidneys, and interfering with sperm production."

In its petition, HCWH asked the FDA to take a variety of actions, including the
requirement that PVC medical devices that leach plasticizers ". . . include a
warning label and additional information" concerning potential risks, and a list
of FDA-approved alternatives; warnings targeted to particular groups, such as
hemophiliacs and dialysis patients; and finally, the expediting of the
development of various alternatives.

HCWH said its petition comes in the wake of increased public scrutiny of DEHP's
use in vinyl IV bags, children's toys and certain other flexible PVC medical
products (see Medical Device Week, May 20, 1999).

In its rebuttal statement, HIMA said HCWH had drawn "dubious conclusions and
ignored the most relevant science in its campaign to eliminate PVC. Such
misinformation should not deter patients and physicians from using vinyl medical
products. Vinyl should continue to be available as the material of choice for
countless life-saving and life-enhancing products."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 1999 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            March 10, 2010 Wednesday
                                   WELL-BEING

Virtual lies and real insights into (online) dating

SECTION: HEALTH/FITNESS

LENGTH: 607 words


In a new study published in the Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, an
interdisciplinary peer-reviewed journal, researchers uncover the truth behind
the white lies that permeate online dating profiles.

On March 8, the Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, an international
and interdisciplinary peer-reviewed journal, launched a new feature to their
online section, Relationship Matters, a podcast series that interviews
researchers about their published studies. The podcast opened with Jeffrey A.
Hall, PhD, assistant professor at University of Kansas and lead researcher on
the study that surveyed online daters to gain insight into gender differences,
self-monitoring and misrepresentation.

Hall explained that the survey used detailed questions to highlight individual
personality traits with respect to openness, extroversion, education and income.
"We also asked a series of questions on an important trait that we call self
monitoring," Hall continued "self monitoring is about how we try to present
ourselves in a favorable light to others, to make people like us. Someone who
scores as 'low' on self monitoring is extremely authentic when describing
themselves in all circumstances, and those who score 'high' are more prone to
so-called white lies."

The researchers also found a subtle gender gap, women tend to lie more about
their weight and men were more apt to lie about their interest in a long-term
relationship and misrepresent past relationships. However, Hall and his team
concluded that men and women behave that same as they would if introduced
face-to-face; dispelling the myths about gender and online dating site are
filled with only lies. Basically if a person (irrespective of gender) is going
to lie, it doesn't matter if they are online or not.

The study's key findings for those actively online dating is that extroversion
will make a person more likely to lie and openness brings out the truth. "What
people lie about really depends on the type of people they are," said Hall.
"Someone who is really open to new experiences, likes going hiking in the
mountains, likes to go travel to foreign countries -- they are very unlikely to
misrepresent themselves based upon their interests because they are very
interesting people. A more open person would be very unlikely to lie about what
they are interested in because they are interested in many things."

However extroverts, people that are more outgoing "meet new people, well
actually they are more likely to misrepresent themselves based upon their past
relationships because they tend to have a lot of past relationships," Hall said.

  Extroverts have more relationships and "as a consequence have more opportunity
to misrepresent themselves."

Research concluded that "for the most part men and women are quite similar" and
"lying is not a prevalent behavior" amongst a diverse 5000-subject pool that
included a range of ethnicity, class, education, ages 18-96 that were single,
divorced and separated.

Later this year, Hall along with some of the colleagues from this study, will
publish a new study "Individual differences in the communication of romantic
interest: Development of the flirting styles inventory" in Communications
Quarterly, an academic journal, about the five factors in the way people
communicate their interest.

The study, "Strategic misrepresentation in online dating: The effects of gender,
self-monitoring, and personality traits":
http://spr.sagepub.com/cgi/content/abstract/27/1/117
Relationships Matter podcast with Dr. Hall:
http://spr.sagepub.com/content/vol27/issue1/images/data/DC1/Relationship_Matters
_Podcast_Number_01.mp3



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2010 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Morgan: Kobach misrepresents voter fraud

BYLINE: Mary Clarkin, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 628 words


July 12--Kansas Secretary of State candidate Scott Morgan taught his children to
stand up to bullies at school.

The problem when parents teach children tenets to live by is that sometimes
parents are called on to act on those words, too, he said. So when Morgan didn't
see a Republican emerge to challenge Secretary of State Kris Kobach, "I became
Plan B," he said. He filed to run in May.

"I'm the guy running against that guy," Morgan said during a Friday stop at The
News.

Kobach is ending his first term as Secretary of State with a national
reputation. Kansas has tightened voter laws and in his private law firm, Kobach
has advised other states and the city of Fremont, Neb., on immigration laws.
Kobach also has advocated for loosening gun controls.

Morgan worked for a number of Kansas Republican elected leaders -- including
former Sens. Bob Dole and Nancy Kassebaum Baker and former Gov. Mike Hayden --
before the trained lawyer turned to publishing. He lost a 1990 bid in the 2nd
Congressional District seat. He describes this campaign as low-budget and
grassroots.

"This is a longshot, but it's less of a longshot than I originally thought,"
Morgan said.

Most of what the job of Secretary of State entails is clerical, but the job also
includes acting as the state's chief elections officer, expanding voting and
encouraging the right to vote, Morgan said.

To the extent Kobach focuses on the job, Morgan said, he has undermined voting
rights. People generally support the photo identification requirement for
voters, Morgan said, but proof of citizenship for first-time Kansas voters has
created a system "confusing and wrong."

Thousands of Kansans who have registered to vote using a Kansas form are in
suspense because they have not provided proof of U.S. citizenship. Their votes
will not be counted. Other Kansans who registered using a federal form, but have
not shown a citizenship document, will be able to vote on federal races only in
the Aug. 5 primary. A Shawnee County District Court judge's decision Friday will
allow Kobach to move ahead with his dual voting plan.

"A system that allows Kansans to vote for federal elections but not have their
votes counted in their own state elections is not a system that makes sense or
reflects Kansas values of common sense," Morgan said in a statement after the
decision.

Morgan wants the Kansas Legislature to pass a bill going back to requiring
voters to sign a sworn statement, under penalty of law, that they are a U.S.
citizen. The burden of proof of citizenship should be on the government, not the
voter, because voting is a right, Morgan contends.

Morgan said Kobach pushed for citizenship proof because Kobach claimed voter
rolls contained illegal immigrants. However, the new laws weren't designed to
"clean the rolls," Morgan said, but were geared toward future registrants.

Kobach has outlined 70 reported violations between 1997 and 2012, Morgan said,
and some reports had allegations of multiple infractions, resulting in an
overall 235 instances. At most, only five instances involved an immigrant who
"may" have voted, Morgan said.

"Kansas has had clean elections," Morgan said, but scare rhetoric has spread the
notion voter fraud is a problem, he believes.

Morgan's own teenage daughter, Grace, was in the news recently when her attempt
to register to vote online encountered snags.

"If the priority is to make it difficult, they are succeeding," Morgan said. He
said county clerks are "enormously frustrated," too, with the additional work.

The winner of the Aug. 5 primary will face Wichita Democrat Jean Schodorf in the
November general election.

___ (c)2014 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140712-VZ-Morgan-Kobach-misrepresents-voter-fraud-0712-20140712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Hutchinson News


                              18 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday

Schools chief of staff misrepresents Florida CPA status

BYLINE: Sean Kinney, Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


June 20--Ken Gentile, the Monroe County School District's chief of staff, is
being investigated internally for labeling himself a certified public accountant
on his resume despite not holding the designation in Florida.

The School Board hired Gentile in April 2010 as the district's chief internal
auditor. On his resume, he listed himself as a CPA in Florida and New York.

Larry Murray, a candidate for the District 3 School Board seat being vacated by
Duncan Mathewson, pointed out the discrepancy to Superintendent Jesus Jara.
Monday, Jara said via e-mail he handed the matter over to the district's law
firm, Vernis and Bowling.

"I directed [attorney] Dirk Smits to complete a full investigation on the
allege[d] misconduct," Jara says. "Mr. Gentile was notified that we are starting
an investigation."

Before he was hired, recruitment firm The Mercer Group vetted Gentile's resume.
From a February 2010 report: "He is a certified public accountant in New York
and that was verified.... I have been unable to confirm his CPA license with the
state of Florida."

A CPA must undergo more rigorous academic training than an accountant, as well
as pass a licensure examination that varies from state to state and maintain a
set amount of continuing education credits. CPAs can perform audits, regular
accountants cannot.

Tuesday, Gentile shrugged off the issue. He said his job doesn't require the CPA
licensure which, since he holds the CPA designation in New York, he could easily
obtain by filling out some forms and paying a $300 fee to the Florida Department
of Business and Professional Regulation.

"I think the process of going through and getting the certification will show
there's no issue," Gentile says. "It's just not activated."

He said Murray -- who, when he was a member of the district Audit and Finance
Committee, often butted heads with the administration -- is using the issue for
political gain.

"It seems to me to be pointed toward an agenda," Gentile said. "I think because
he's running for an election ... I think he's going after me personally. He's
never contacted me, asked me or asked for any information from me."

According to the DBPR, to get Florida certification, Gentile has to go through a
process called "licensure by endorsement" whereby he provides "proof that [he
has] passed a licensing examination that is substantially equivalent to the
examination required by the licensing agency."

Until he does that, he can't perform CPA functions in Florida. Asked if his
resume suggests otherwise, he said: "It could. That could be confusing. They
would not ask me -- at least I don't think they would ask me -- to perform a CPA
function. None of my job description, tasks or anything I'm required to do
currently requires a CPA."

"I don't see that as fraudulent, misleading or unethical at all. The board can
make that determination. They can have an airing; they can have someone
independent review it."

"It's serious, OK, at least from what I know so far," says School Board Chairman
John Dick. "It sounds like it's real bad."

Gentile is working under a three-year contract, valid until next April, that
pays $122,000 annually. He has a master's of business administration from the
University of South Florida and an undergraduate degree in accounting and
economics from Queens (N.Y.) College.

___ (c)2012 the Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon, Fla.) Visit the Florida Keys
Keynoter (Marathon, Fla.) at www.keysnet.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120620-FK-Schools-chief-of-staff-misrepresents
-Florida-CPA-status-0620-20120620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FK


                      Copyright 2012 Florida Keys Keynoter


                              19 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Statement from Secretary of State Paul Pate Regarding Misleading Mailer from
Cruz for President Campaign

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: Iowa Secretary of State has issued the following news release:



   Today I was shown a piece of literature from the Cruz for President campaign
that misrepresents the role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election
law. Accusing citizens of Iowa of a "voting violation" based on Iowa Caucus
participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act.
There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting.
Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in
keeping in the spirit of the Iowa Caucuses.





 Additionally, the Iowa Secretary of State's Office never "grades" voters. Nor
does the Secretary of State maintain records related to Iowa Caucus
participation. Caucuses are organized and directed by the state political
parties, not the Secretary of State, nor local elections officials. Also, the
Iowa Secretary of State does not "distribute" voter records. They are available
for purchase for political purposes only, under Iowa Code." - Paul D. Pate, Iowa
Secretary of State



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Cruz's Misleading Mail Angers Iowa Secretary of State

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: Iowa House Republicans has issued the following news release:



   Today I was shown a piece of literature from the Cruz for President campaign
that misrepresents the role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election
law. Accusing citizens of Iowa of a "voting violation" based on Iowa Caucus
participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act.
There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting.
Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in
keeping in the spirit of the Iowa Caucuses.





 Additionally, the Iowa Secretary of State's Office never "grades" voters. Nor
does the Secretary of State maintain records related to Iowa Caucus
participation. Caucuses are organized and directed by the state political
parties, not the Secretary of State, nor local elections officials. Also, the
Iowa Secretary of State does not "distribute" voter records. They are available
for purchase for political purposes only, under Iowa Code." - Paul D. Pate, Iowa
Secretary of State



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Texas: What Employers Should Consider Before Switching to Fingerprint-based Time
Clocks, Padlocks and Access Points

LENGTH: 524 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    Several companies now offer time and attendance solutions that incorporate
the use of fingerprint identification technology and purport to eliminate "buddy
punching" for hourly employees. In addition to time and attendance devices,
companies are increasingly considering fingerprint identification technology as
part of their physical security program to replace badges, access cards, or
access codes when entering into sensitive areas, or to replace (or supplement)
passwords when logging into workstations. The increasing use of fingerprint
identification raises data privacy and data security questions for many
employers.





 There is currently no federal statute that expressly regulates private-sector
use of fingerprint recognition software. Nonetheless, the FTC, which has
authority to prevent unfair and deceptive practices, may proceed against
companies that misrepresent the function of the technology; the FTC can also
proceed against a company that misrepresents their data privacy and security
practices including how they use, secure, or disclose captured fingerprints or
fingerprint geometry.



 At least two states have also enacted statutes that govern the data privacy and
security implications of the technology. Those statutes generally require that
if an organization "captures" a fingerprint, it must provide the consumer with
notice and obtain their consent. In addition, if an organization stores or
"possesses" a fingerprint, then it must limit its disclosure to third parties,
enact measures to secure the fingerprint from unauthorized access, and limit its
retention of the fingerprint after it is no longer needed. A number of
additional states require that if a company collects fingerprints, it take steps
to prevent the fingerprint from being acquired when in the process of being
destroyed.



 You should consider the following when deciding whether to implement
fingerprint identification-based timekeepers, physical access controls, or
hardware access controls:



 1. Data Inventory. If your organization keeps a data inventory or a data map,
you should include fingerprints and/or fingerprint geometry in that inventory.



 2. Security. Assess the risk that fingerprints and/or fingerprint geometry may
be compromised and consider what steps can be reasonably taken to attempt to
keep the information secure. Among other things, you should consider how the
device that captures fingerprints stores and transmits that data.



 3. Retention and Disposal. Review your retention and disposal practices to see
if they specify how long such information should be kept, and how it should be
disposed.



 4. Notice. Consider providing clear notice to consumers or employees before
capturing their fingerprints.



 5. Consent. Consider obtaining opt-in consent before capturing or using
fingerprints.



 6. Sharing. Consider obtaining opt-in consent before sharing fingerprints or
fingerprint geometry with any third parties.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 April 17, 2009

An Ungenerous Epitaph

SECTION: Letters; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 254 words


An otherwise useful article on  the problems facing United Jewish  Communities
unfortunately misrepresents  American Jewish communal  organizational history
(UJC's Future  at Stake as Local Charities call for  Dramatic Cuts, April 10).

Your article characterizes UJC's predecessor  agency, the Council of Jewish
Federations, as merely a trade organization,  convening the federations'
General Assembly and helping with personnel  issues. In doing so, your article
misrepresents the old CJF, trivializes  its history and severely understates its
function and impact.

Over the years, the CJF developed  as one of the significant voices of the
Jewish community, and not only on  issues strictly related to social-service
planning and delivery. CJF's power  derived directly from that of the
federations,  from which the council drew its  leadership, which was the top
leadership  in the community; tautologically  therefore the CJF was much more
than  a trade association or service arm.

Additionally, and crucially, the annual  forum, the General Assembly, was  more
than a convention of the federations.  Over the years, the G. A. became  the
gathering place for individuals and  groups at every level of decision-making
local, national and international  in  the Jewish community. The G. A., and  by
extension the CJF, was the point, the  nexus, at which not only the coordination
system of the American Jewish  community, but Jewish communal decision-making,
came together.

Not a bad model.

Jerome A. Chanes  New York, N. Y.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Sparring In The 16Th;
Smucker, Beiler Defend Campaigns, Find Some Common Ground In Contentious Debate

BYLINE: Sam Janesch

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


SJANESCH@LNPNEWS.COM

Congressional hopefuls Lloyd Smucker and Chet Beiler went head to head for the
first time Thursday night in a debate that put the Republicans' similarities and
fiery disagreements on display.

Smucker, a two-term state senator, and Beiler, a Manheim businessman, are
competing in the highest-profile local contest on the April 26 primary ballot,
the race to succeed 10-term U.S. Rep. Joe Pitts in representing the 16th
Congressional District.

The debate was contentious at times as the candidates defended their last two
months of negative campaigning before a packed house of several hundred people
at Penn Cinema in Lititz.

Through mailers, television ads and online posts, each has attacked the other in
trying to prove they are the most conservative choice for a historically
conservative district - a district held by only three men in the last
half-century.

"Unfortunately my opponent decided that in order to win this race he had to
cherry-pick and misrepresent the views of my candidacy or misrepresent my votes
or my record," said Smucker, 52, of West Lampeter Township. "(Beiler) has spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars, probably over a half-million dollars,
completely lying about my record, quite frankly."

Beiler, 52, fought back, defending his attacks in saying his campaign has not
lied about Smucker's record, which his campaign's mailers and ads have
repeatedly called "liberal."

But Beiler also admitted to being "creative" with his campaign's communications.

"Have we used hyperbole in creative ways to break through? Yes, we have," Beiler
said. "But I would take exception with Sen. Smucker's characterization of lying
about anything. We have done our homework very thoroughly. And I can say with
great confidence that the issues we are talking about matter."

The 90-minute debate, hosted by LNP Media Group and the Lancaster Chamber of
Commerce & Industry, was moderated by LNP Executive Editor Barbara Hough Roda
and chamber President and CEO Tom Baldrige.

The candidates clashed as Beiler tried to use Smucker's legislative record
against him.

"Your votes prove you are not conservative," Beiler said at the end of one
exchange when Smucker said he currently has a "lifetime conservative
achievement" rating from the American Conservative Union Foundation.

While the candidates challenged each other, they also admitted to agreeing on
how to tackle several issues, including Social Security, reducing government
spending, health care, transportation infrastructure and abortion.

On reducing government spending, Beiler said he would look to eliminate the
federal departments of Education, Energy, Commerce, and Housing and Urban
Development. On the environment, both said the jury is still out on man-made
climate change.

And on the Affordable Care Act, both candidates said repealing it in the next
session of Congress would be a priority.

"I think you could go to a much more market-based system. Allow insurance
companies to compete for your business," Smucker said. "As a business owner I
know, you put additional competition into the marketplace in any arena, it would
work here as well; cost driving would go down."

Beiler agreed, using the moment to note Smucker's vote in Harrisburg to expand
Medicaid in Pennsylvania under the Affordable Care Act.

Smucker responded by saying "that's an easy explanation" in that the vote came
after the federal law was passed and his vote of approval allowed the state to
control the money already being spent.

The candidates will continue campaigning in the remaining weeks ahead of the
Pennsylvania primary vote, when Republicans decide who will face lone Democratic
candidate Christina Hartman in November.

Pitts, of Kennett Square, will retire at the end of the year from representing
the district that includes parts of Lancaster, Chester and Berks counties. It
covers all but seven municipalities in Lancaster County - Bart, Colerain,
Leacock, Paradise, Sadsbury and Salisbury townships, and Christiana Borough.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Republicans Chet Beiler, Left, And State Sen. Lloyd Smucker Square Off
In A Debate Thursday Night At Penn Cinema In Lititz.
Watch The Video Catch A Replay Of Thursday Night's Republican Primary Debate At
4 P.M. On Pcn.
A Crowd Of Hundreds Listens Thursday Night At Penn Cinema As Republican Hopefuls
Chet Beiler And Lloyd Smucker Speak In A 16Th Congressional District Primary
Debate.
Vinny Tennis Photos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            August 31, 2002 Saturday

Local poll shows lack of trust in businesses

BYLINE: TIM LANDIS BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 521 words


Two-thirds of people responding to a University of Illinois at Springfield
survey say they believe many companies misrepresent financial results.

The random poll of 496 adults, released Friday, found that 91 percent of
respondents had heard of scandals at companies such as Enron, Arthur Andersen
and WorldCom. Asked whether companies misreport or lie about finances, just over
29 percent said most do and nearly 37 percent said a lot do. Nearly a quarter
said some companies misrepresent finances, while 4 percent said not many and
less than 2 percent said almost none. The rest didn't know or gave no answer.

"The only thing I was a bit surprised by was the size of the number that said
either most or a lot of businesses misrepresented their finances," said Richard
Schuldt, director of the Survey Research Office at the Abraham Lincoln Center
for Governmental Studies at UIS.

Schuldt said the misgivings about business finances have undoubtedly been
affected by extensive coverage of the Enron, Arthur Andersen and WorldCom
scandals. He added that troubles in the stock market have personally affected
many people.

"When you hear about people losing their retirement money, it's something a lot
of people can relate to," Schuldt said.

The center has periodically conducted "trust" surveys since 1995, gauging public
confidence in major institutions such as business, federal and state government,
churches and the military. The latest survey, conducted July 15-29, was the
first time a specific question was included on the reliability of corporate
financial reports.

"When we get the chance, we like to ask about people's opinions on contemporary
issues and problems," Schuldt said.

Democrats were most skeptical of corporate bookkeeping, with 76 percent saying
companies misrepresent earnings. But solid majorities of independents, 63
percent, and Republicans, 61 percent, also expressed doubts.

The survey concluded that overall confidence in business had suffered, with just
over 31 percent saying they trusted business leaders always or most of the time,
compared to nearly 42 percent who gave that response in a 1995 opinion poll.

Business, however, fared better than state government, with only one-quarter of
those surveyed saying they trusted state leaders always or most of the time
compared to nearly 40 percent in the 1995 poll. Schuldt said the number appears
to have been affected by the bribes-for-licenses scandal that has dogged Gov.
George Ryan's administration.

The 40 percent who said they trust the federal government was down from 55
percent in a survey taken soon after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks but is still
higher than 32 percent who gave that response in the 1995 survey and 26 percent
in 1998.

Trust in local government has held relatively steady, with nearly half of
respondents saying they have confidence in local leaders always or most of the
time in both the 1995 and latest survey.

Religious leaders fared best of all, with 56 percent expressing trust in the
clergy. The figure was even higher, 75 percent, when respondents were asked
about their own clergy.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH HEAD: Many think businesses misrepresent finances

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                              25 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             January 6, 2006 Friday
                                  City Edition

Senate candidates spar over debates

BYLINE: DON WALTON, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Nebraska's Republican Senate candidates jockeyed for position Thursday in a
flurry of debate and positive campaign pledge proposals.

Pete Ricketts called a news conference at the Capitol to propose that the three
candidates agree to a trio of debates.

Don Stenberg said he'd be happy to agree to participate as soon as his opponents
sign a pledge not to distort or misrepresent each other's positions or make
reference to one another in campaign advertising.

David Kramer said there really ought to be five debates. He's already accepted
invitations to debate in Kearney and Lincoln, he said.

"Nebraskans tell me they want to make an informed decision this May," Ricketts
said. Three debates prior to the Republican primary election would help them
accomplish that, he said.

Topics might include taxes and spending, immigration and border security, and
agriculture, Ricketts said.

Earlier in the day, Stenberg asked his opponents to sign a pledge not to "engage
in any personal attack on each other (or) distort or misrepresent the position
of the other Republican candidates on any issue."

"Party unity will be important to winning in November," Stenberg said. "That can
be achieved most effectively if we do not engage in negative campaigning in the
primary."

Kramer issued a statement later in the day suggesting debates in Omaha, Lincoln
and northeast, central and western Nebraska.

"There are many issues that are important to Nebraskans," he said. Among them:
federal spending, securing U.S. borders, energy and the war on terror.

"I look forward to the opportunity to talk about these issues in a substantive
manner," Kramer said.

In a letter to Stenberg, he said he cannot agree not to make any reference to
opponents in campaign advertising.

"We must have the strongest candidate to take on Ben Nelson in the fall," Kramer
wrote. "A candidate's record and experience should be open to debate and review
by the voters."

Ricketts said agreement among the candidates to pledge to unify behind the
Republican nominee assures this will not be a negative campaign.

In the next two months, Ricketts said, he has scheduled campaign trips to more
than 50 counties.  He's already visited 27, he said.

The winner of the Republican primary will face Nelson in the general election.
Although the Democratic senator has not yet announced his candidacy, he has
raised more than $3 million to prepare for a re-election campaign.

Stenberg is a former three-term attorney general. Kramer formerly served as
Republican state chairman. Ricketts is an Ameritrade executive.

Reach Don Walton at 473-7248 or dwalton@journalstar.com.

ELECTION 2006 KEY DATES

Feb. 15: Incumbent filing deadline

March 1: Candidate filing deadline

May 9: Primary election

Nov. 7: General election

FOR MORE INFORMATION

www.lincoln.ne.gov/cnty/election/index.htm

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Pete Ricketts

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 24, 2006 Monday
                                 Metro Edition

Foley's inflated resume puts the Vikings' hiring practices in a questionable
light;
The new vice president of player personnel was hired over two candidates with
long service to the franchise whose applications needed no padding.

BYLINE: Jim Souhan, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Jim Souhan; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 624 words


Fran (if that's his name) Foley (assuming that's not an alias) raised a number
of troubling questions by pumping helium into his resume.

Foley, the Vikings' vice president of player personnel, described his coaching
jobs at three schools - Colgate, the Citadel and Rutgers - as full-time
assistant coaching jobs, when in fact he was a graduate assistant.

Also, a Rutgers spokeswoman told Star Tribune reporter Kevin Seifert that Foley
was an administrative assistant from 1987 to 1990 - not director of football
operations, as the biography stated.

Earlier in the week, Seifert reported that Foley said a clerical error resulted
in an overstatement of his college playing career at Framingham State College.

Foley played two seasons, in 1980 and `81, rather than four.

When asked whether he had attempted to embellish his career, Foley told Seifert,
"I did nothing to misrepresent what I've done.''

That is another lie. He did everything to misrepresent what he had done.

One clerical error, one oversight, one mistake, even one small embellishment
might be understandable. For Foley to inflate his importance even at
insignificant junctures of his career should be worrisome to the Vikings brass.

What does this mean?

- Foley was chosen over internal candidates Scott Studwell and Jeff Robinson. As
far as we know, Studwell and Robinson are, if nothing else, competent known
quantities with many years of service to their franchise on their uninflated
resumes.

The Vikings bypassed Studwell and Robinson to hire Foley. That gives us question
to the hiring practices and savvy of the Vikings' braintrust.

- Foley has ascended to a position in which he will be responsible for hiring
and firing the people charged with assessing the talent and character of the
players who will comprise future Minnesota Vikings teams.

In short, Foley will be responsible for judging others' resumes. Is he the right
person for that job?

- Last fall, when the boat scandal broke, Vikings owner Zygi Wilf held a news
conference at which he promised to hold Vikings employees, including players, to
a high standard of conduct.

Thus far, the only evidence we have that Wilf will make good on his word was the
trade of quarterback Daunte Culpepper and the hiring of a coach who promises to
be a disciplinarian.

Here's the rub, though: The Culpepper trade was more a result of Culpepper's
personality conflict with Brad Childress than the perception of past
misbehavior, and we won't know if Childress truly is a disciplinarian until we
see how he handles future indiscretions.

If Wilf and Childress, for example, welcome back Onterrio Smith from his drug
suspension, then all the tough talk will have been just that, and we can slot
the Vikings into the same category as virtually every other team in the NFL.

That is, they will try to win with the best available talent.

Which is fine. If that's the case, though, they shouldn't pretend they are any
different from the Oakland Raiders.

Foley printed lies on his resume. He may have considered them little white lies,
but the result was a document that painted a picture of a more grandiose career
than he had actually built.

Maybe he's a swell guy who will do a great job, but I'm surprised an
organization that is trying to portray itself as pristine and savvy would do so
little research on a major hire, or would offer so little public reaction to the
Star Tribune's stories on Foley.

This week, Foley is the face of the Vikings, as the NFL draft approaches.

Call his faulty resume unimportant if you like, but I'll need a few years of
trustworthy behavior from him before I'll believe anything I hear from Fran?
Foley?, Football? Executive?

Jim Souhan can be heard Sundays from 10 a.m.-noon on KSTP AM 1500. -
jsouhan@startribune.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 2:03 PM GMT

Cruz campaign draws condemnation for strategy of shaming Iowans to caucus;
Officials denounce campaign for Texas senator Ted Cruz after it sends Iowans
notice of 'voting violation' and failing grades

BYLINE: Sabrina Siddiqui in Ames, Iowa

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Ted Cruz has come under fire just two days before the Iowa caucuses for sending
mailers to voters here that accuse them of a "voting violation", earning the
Texas senator and his campaign a formal denunciation by top officials in the
first-in-the-nation voting state.

Related:  Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead Des Moines Register poll as Iowa
caucus approaches - live

The mailers, which came to light on Friday and were confirmed by Cruz's campaign
as their own, include a voting score and the phrase "official public record".
They call out by name not only the recipients, but also their neighbors, as part
of a broader attempt to shame Iowans for not having participated in prior
elections.

Paul Pate, Iowa's Republican secretary of state, condemned Cruz's campaign on
Saturday for distributing the mailers. He said the strategy "misrepresents the
role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election law".

"Accusing citizens of Iowa of a 'voting violation' based on Iowa caucus
participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act,"
Pate said in a statement.

"There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting.
Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in
keeping in the spirit of the Iowa caucuses."

Cruz struck a defiant tone in a swift response: "I apologize to nobody for using
every tool we can to encourage Iowa voters to come out and vote," he said at a
press conference in Sioux City on Saturday evening. The senator went on to argue
that the Iowa Republican party had previously used such mailers and
characterized them as "routine".

The literature was "a standard mailer that folks at the Iowa Republican party
and other get-out-the-vote groups have used to help motivate low-propensity
voters," said Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier. "We're going to do everything
we can to turn these folks out."

Matt Schultz, Cruz's Iowa state chairman and a former secretary of state here,
added that the mailer was modelled after similar mailers in the 2014 midterm
elections that were sent out by the Republican party of Iowa.

Those mailers, he said, "helped elect numerous Republican candidates during that
cycle".

Steve Deace, an influential conservative radio host and key surrogate for Cruz,
also dismissed the backlash - after he initially declared that the mailers were
fake, and corrected himself later.

Related:  Donald Trump sidelined as rivals debate without Republican frontrunner

"Watching the same people not outraged when Cruz was called a fake Christian now
pretend to be outraged by a mailer is, well, horse puckey," Deace wrote on
Twitter.

Even so, Cruz's tactics raised eyebrows across the political spectrum for their
directness. One Iowan tweeted his outrage with a picture of the mailer, which
included an F rating for how he had voted in the past. The man said he had not
been planning to caucus, but upon receiving the mailer he was, in fact,
persuaded to caucus - for Florida senator Marco Rubio, one of Cruz's chief
opponents.

Asked about the mailers on Saturday, Rubio told reporters he had heard about
them from voters who were upset and "disturbed".

"It's kind of an unusual way to end your campaign in a state," Rubio said.

"It doesn't sound like he's feeling too good. It sounds like he's under pressure
and maybe not reacting very well to it, which is problematic because presidents
are under pressure every day."


     ·    Additional reporting by Ben Jacobs in Sioux City, Iowa


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      February 1, 2016 Monday 8:26 PM GMT

Cruz campaign draws condemnation for strategy of shaming Iowans to caucus;
Officials denounce campaign for Texas senator Ted Cruz after it sends Iowans
notice of 'voting violation' and failing grades

BYLINE: Sabrina Siddiqui in Ames, Iowa

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Ted Cruz has come under fire just two days before the Iowa caucuses for sending
mailers to voters here that accuse them of a "voting violation", earning the
Texas senator and his campaign a formal denunciation by top officials in the
first-in-the-nation voting state.

Related:  Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead Des Moines Register poll as Iowa
caucus approaches - live

The mailers, which came to light on Friday and were confirmed by Cruz's campaign
as their own, include a voting score and the phrase "official public record".
They call out by name not only the recipients, but also their neighbors, as part
of a broader attempt to shame Iowans for not having participated in prior
elections.

Paul Pate, Iowa's Republican secretary of state, condemned Cruz's campaign on
Saturday for distributing the mailers. He said the strategy "misrepresents the
role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election law".

"Accusing citizens of Iowa of a 'voting violation' based on Iowa caucus
participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act,"
Pate said in a statement.

"There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting.
Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in
keeping in the spirit of the Iowa caucuses."

Cruz struck a defiant tone in a swift response: "I apologize to nobody for using
every tool we can to encourage Iowa voters to come out and vote," he said at a
press conference in Sioux City on Saturday evening. The senator went on to argue
that the Iowa Republican party had previously used such mailers and
characterized them as "routine".

The literature was "a standard mailer that folks at the Iowa Republican party
and other get-out-the-vote groups have used to help motivate low-propensity
voters," said Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier. "We're going to do everything
we can to turn these folks out."

Matt Schultz, Cruz's Iowa state chairman and a former secretary of state here,
added that the mailer was modelled after similar mailers in the 2014 midterm
elections that were sent out by the Republican party of Iowa.

Those mailers, he said, "helped elect numerous Republican candidates during that
cycle".

Steve Deace, an influential conservative radio host and key surrogate for Cruz,
also dismissed the backlash - after he initially declared that the mailers were
fake, and corrected himself later.

Related:  Donald Trump sidelined as rivals debate without Republican frontrunner

"Watching the same people not outraged when Cruz was called a fake Christian now
pretend to be outraged by a mailer is, well, horse puckey," Deace wrote on
Twitter.

Even so, Cruz's tactics raised eyebrows across the political spectrum for their
directness. One Iowan tweeted his outrage with a picture of the mailer, which
included an F rating for how he had voted in the past. The man said he had not
been planning to caucus, but upon receiving the mailer he was, in fact,
persuaded to caucus - for Florida senator Marco Rubio, one of Cruz's chief
opponents.

Asked about the mailers on Saturday, Rubio told reporters he had heard about
them from voters who were upset and "disturbed".

"It's kind of an unusual way to end your campaign in a state," Rubio said.

"It doesn't sound like he's feeling too good. It sounds like he's under pressure
and maybe not reacting very well to it, which is problematic because presidents
are under pressure every day."


     ·    Additional reporting by Ben Jacobs in Sioux City, Iowa


LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      January 31, 2016 Sunday 1:43 AM GMT

Cruz campaign draws condemnation for strategy of shaming Iowans to caucus;
Officials denounce campaign for Texas senator Ted Cruz after it sends Iowans
notice of 'voting violation' and failing grades

BYLINE: Sabrina Siddiqui in Ames, Iowa

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Ted Cruz has come under fire just two days before the Iowa caucuses for sending
mailers to voters here that accuse them of a "voting violation", earning the
Texas senator and his campaign a formal denunciation by top officials in the
first-in-the-nation voting state.

Related:  Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead Des Moines Register poll as Iowa
caucus approaches - live

The mailers, which came to light on Friday and were confirmed by Cruz's campaign
as their own, include a voting score and the phrase "official public record".
They call out by name not only the recipients, but also their neighbors, as part
of a broader attempt to shame Iowans for not having participated in prior
elections.

Paul Pate, Iowa's Republican secretary of state, condemned Cruz's campaign on
Saturday for distributing the mailers. He said the strategy "misrepresents the
role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election law".

"Accusing citizens of Iowa of a 'voting violation' based on Iowa caucus
participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act,"
Pate said in a statement.

"There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting.
Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in
keeping in the spirit of the Iowa caucuses."

Cruz struck a defiant tone in a swift response: "I apologize to nobody for using
every tool we can to encourage Iowa voters to come out and vote," he said at a
press conference in Sioux City on Saturday evening. The senator went on to argue
that the Iowa Republican Party had previously used such mailers and
characterized them as "routine".

The literature was "a standard mailer that folks at the Iowa Republican party
and other get-out-the-vote groups have used to help motivate low-propensity
voters," said Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier. "We're going to do everything
we can to turn these folks out."

Matt Schultz, Cruz's Iowa state chairman and a former secretary of state here,
added that the mailer was modelled after similar mailers in the 2014 midterm
elections that were sent out by the Republican party of Iowa.

Those mailers, he said, "helped elect numerous Republican candidates during that
cycle".

Steve Deace, an influential conservative radio host and key surrogate for Cruz,
also dismissed the backlash - after he initially declared that the mailers were
fake, and corrected himself later.

Related:  Donald Trump sidelined as rivals debate without Republican frontrunner

"Watching the same people not outraged when Cruz was called a fake Christian now
pretend to be outraged by a mailer is, well, horse puckey," Deace wrote on
Twitter.

Even so, Cruz's tactics raised eyebrows across the political spectrum for their
directness. One Iowan tweeted his outrage with a picture of the mailer, which
included an F rating for how he had voted in the past. The man said he had not
been planning to caucus, but upon receiving the mailer he was, in fact,
persuaded to caucus - for Florida senator Marco Rubio, one of Cruz's chief
opponents.

Asked about the mailers on Saturday, Rubio told reporters he had heard about
them from voters who were upset and "disturbed".

"It's kind of an unusual way to end your campaign in a state," Rubio said.

"It doesn't sound like he's feeling too good. It sounds like he's under pressure
and maybe not reacting very well to it, which his problematic because presidents
are under pressure every day."


     ·    Additional reporting by Ben Jacobs in Sioux City, Iowa


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Rural US through lens of tik

BYLINE:  AMY LORENTZEN

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 712 words


DES MOINES, Iowa: Nick Reding, the author of a well-received book about
methamphetamine's (tik) grip on a small town, believes the drug is "only a
symptom of a larger economic and ultimately political problem".

"That problem is essentially that people can't make money anymore to do the jobs
that have kept places in the middle of the country going for a century," he says
during a telephone interview from his St Louis home.

The drug "just sort of moves into the vacuum" as people struggle to earn a
living now that farm and factory jobs have evaporated with the consolidation of
the agriculture industry, he says.

In Methland: The Death and Life of an American Small Town, Reding cites the case
of Oelwein, Iowa (population: 6 100) - but he stresses that the same story is
unfolding in rural communities throughout the nation. The book has earned strong
reviews and is drawing national attention to the issues behind methamphetamine's
status as the heartland's drug of choice.

"Meth doesn't cause the problems faced by Oelwein ... economy does, and meth is
just the lens through which to see that," Reding says.

The idea for the book came after visits back to his home state of Missouri and
other Midwestern states in the late 1990s. At first, he was able to
compartmentalise methamphetamine "into somebody else's problem, somebody else's
part of America". But he finally had to acknowledge that it was everywhere in
rural America.

"Small towns are not the places of social and cultural and economic healthiness
and well-being that I was raised to think they are," Reding says. "To
misrepresent it as only meth is the problem, or to misrepresent it even more
horribly and say there is no problem - that's kind of hopeless then," he says.
"When things are not well in rural America, where 20 million people still live,
then it's an indication that things are not well all over."

Reding initially had a tough time generating interest for the book, and it took
him three attempts to finally get a publisher to buy it. Now publisher
Bloomsbury says 40 000 copies of Methland are in print. It debuted at No 22 on
The New York Times nonfiction best-sellers list on July 26 and was No 30 on the
latest list.

But while Reding's book gets national attention, some residents of Oelwein are
criticising it. They say it sensationalises stories, such as the one about a man
who Reding says essentially melted his face and cooked his oesophagus in an
explosion after he poured methamphetamine-making chemicals down a drain and then
lit a cigarette.

Others say the book doesn't do enough to show how the community has confronted
its economic problems by bringing in new businesses and revamping the downtown
area.

"He is right as far as the problem of meth is concerned, but that's the only
thing I'll give him credit for," says 60-year-old Kathy Adams, an Oelwein
resident. "I just feel like it didn't do justice to Oelwein."

Sally Falb, director of economic development at the Oelwein Chamber and Area
Development group, says: "Something like this comes along and they feel it puts
a damper on our hard work."

Reding says he understands their comments, but after reporting on the town for
nearly four years, he has no qualms maintaining that Oelwein's economy and
culture now are tied more closely to methamphetamine than to its long-time
anchors of farming and small business. While many other towns share the same
problems, Reding says he had to focus on one community, and he chose Oelwein.

"It's not to say that Oelwein is the only place or the worst place, but it's
just a place where the stuff that I wanted to talk about is all relevant and
apparent," Reding says.

And some people in Oelwein say Reding has it right. Among them is Clay Hallberg,
a local physician and central figure in the book. He says some people don't want
to talk about the area's methamphetamine problem. Ultimately, Hallberg says,
it's more important to deal with the drug's victims and the town's problems.

Since the book's publication, Reding has returned to Oelwein and faced scepticis
and some hostility. But that won't change his feeling for the town and its
people. "You can't write 270 pages of an intimate portrait of a place unless you
like it, unless you have respect for the people there," he said.- Sapa-AP

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Rural US through lens of tik

BYLINE:  AMY LORENTZEN

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 712 words


DES MOINES, Iowa: Nick Reding, the author of a well-received book about
methamphetamine's (tik) grip on a small town, believes the drug is "only a
symptom of a larger economic and ultimately political problem".

"That problem is essentially that people can't make money anymore to do the jobs
that have kept places in the middle of the country going for a century," he says
during a telephone interview from his St Louis home.

The drug "just sort of moves into the vacuum" as people struggle to earn a
living now that farm and factory jobs have evaporated with the consolidation of
the agriculture industry, he says.

In Methland: The Death and Life of an American Small Town, Reding cites the case
of Oelwein, Iowa (population: 6 100) - but he stresses that the same story is
unfolding in rural communities throughout the nation. The book has earned strong
reviews and is drawing national attention to the issues behind methamphetamine's
status as the heartland's drug of choice.

"Meth doesn't cause the problems faced by Oelwein ... economy does, and meth is
just the lens through which to see that," Reding says.

The idea for the book came after visits back to his home state of Missouri and
other Midwestern states in the late 1990s. At first, he was able to
compartmentalise methamphetamine "into somebody else's problem, somebody else's
part of America". But he finally had to acknowledge that it was everywhere in
rural America.

"Small towns are not the places of social and cultural and economic healthiness
and well-being that I was raised to think they are," Reding says. "To
misrepresent it as only meth is the problem, or to misrepresent it even more
horribly and say there is no problem - that's kind of hopeless then," he says.
"When things are not well in rural America, where 20 million people still live,
then it's an indication that things are not well all over."

Reding initially had a tough time generating interest for the book, and it took
him three attempts to finally get a publisher to buy it. Now publisher
Bloomsbury says 40 000 copies of Methland are in print. It debuted at No 22 on
The New York Times nonfiction best-sellers list on July 26 and was No 30 on the
latest list.

But while Reding's book gets national attention, some residents of Oelwein are
criticising it. They say it sensationalises stories, such as the one about a man
who Reding says essentially melted his face and cooked his oesophagus in an
explosion after he poured methamphetamine-making chemicals down a drain and then
lit a cigarette.

Others say the book doesn't do enough to show how the community has confronted
its economic problems by bringing in new businesses and revamping the downtown
area.

"He is right as far as the problem of meth is concerned, but that's the only
thing I'll give him credit for," says 60-year-old Kathy Adams, an Oelwein
resident. "I just feel like it didn't do justice to Oelwein."

Sally Falb, director of economic development at the Oelwein Chamber and Area
Development group, says: "Something like this comes along and they feel it puts
a damper on our hard work."

Reding says he understands their comments, but after reporting on the town for
nearly four years, he has no qualms maintaining that Oelwein's economy and
culture now are tied more closely to methamphetamine than to its long-time
anchors of farming and small business. While many other towns share the same
problems, Reding says he had to focus on one community, and he chose Oelwein.

"It's not to say that Oelwein is the only place or the worst place, but it's
just a place where the stuff that I wanted to talk about is all relevant and
apparent," Reding says.

And some people in Oelwein say Reding has it right. Among them is Clay Hallberg,
a local physician and central figure in the book. He says some people don't want
to talk about the area's methamphetamine problem. Ultimately, Hallberg says,
it's more important to deal with the drug's victims and the town's problems.

Since the book's publication, Reding has returned to Oelwein and faced scepticis
and some hostility. But that won't change his feeling for the town and its
people. "You can't write 270 pages of an intimate portrait of a place unless you
like it, unless you have respect for the people there," he said.- Sapa-AP

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Debates Helpfully Focus On Local Politics;
The Issue

BYLINE: In Our Words

SECTION: A; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 644  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


State Senate Republican hopefuls Ethan Demme, Scott Martin and Neal Rice - vying
to succeed state Sen. Lloyd Smucker in the 13th Senatorial District - will
square off at 7 tonight in a debate at the Willow Valley Communities Cultural
Center in Willow Street. The debate will be sponsored by LNP Media Group and the
Lancaster Chamber of Commerce & Industry. Smucker, of West Lampeter Township,
faced off against Manheim businessman Chet Beiler, in a debate Thursday; Beiler
and Smucker are seeking the Republican nomination for the 16th Congressional
District seat held by Rep. Joe Pitts, who is retiring after 10 terms. The
Republican nominee will face Lancaster Democrat Christina Hartman in that race.
Like Thursday's, tonight's debate will be moderated by Tom Baldrige, president
and CEO of the chamber, and Barbara Hough Roda, executive editor of LNP.

If you think local races lack the excitement of the presidential primary
contests, think again.

Thursday's debate between Smucker and Beiler was a heated one at times, as both
candidates sought to defend their use of attack ads and negative mailers.

Right off the bat, Roda asked the two men - second cousins who graduated in the
same class at Lancaster Mennonite High School - about their use of negative
advertising.

"Unfortunately, my opponent decided that in order to win this race he had to
cherry-pick and misrepresent the views of my candidacy or misrepresent my votes
or my record," Smucker responded. "(Beiler) has spent hundreds of thousands of
dollars, probably over a half-million dollars, completely lying about my record,
quite frankly."

Beiler said elections "should be about ideas," but acknowledged: "Have we used
hyperbole in creative ways to break through? Yes, we have. But I would take
exception with Sen. Smucker's characterization of lying about anything. We have
done our homework very thoroughly."

And so it went.

It was a fascinating and lively 90-plus minutes in which the candidates
explained their views on climate change (they don't believe the science is
settled); Social Security (both favor reform, including personal accounts); the
Affordable Care Act (both want to see it repealed and replaced); and immigration
(Beiler accused Smucker of voting against fellow Republicans on the issue, while
Smucker defended his conservative record and pointed out that Beiler has no
voting record, because he's never held office).

And that was only some of what was debated. It was a very interesting evening.

Tonight promises to be interesting, too.

Ethan Demme is the president and CEO of Demme Learning, and an East Lampeter
Township supervisor. Scott Martin is a former Lancaster County commissioner from
West Lampeter Township, who now works in the private sector. Neal Rice is an
Iraq War veteran and an attorney from West Lampeter Township.

They all want the chance to serve in Harrisburg, so the stakes are significant.
The debate will be free and open to the public, so consider attending.

Or make some popcorn and watch the live stream of the debate on
LancasterOnline.com.

Or listen to it on the radio on WLCH 91.3 FM.

It will serve as a much-needed break from the presidential primary ads on your
television.

State government is important - those who represent you in Harrisburg will be
voting on everything from public school funding to taxes and regulation of
businesses.

And if you're a Republican who resides in the 13th District, and you're not sure
for whom to vote in the April 26 primary, this debate may help you make up your
mind.

Note: The 13th District covers Lancaster city; Christiana, Millersville,
Quarryville and Strasburg boroughs; and Bart, Colerain, Conestoga, Drumore, East
Drumore, East Lampeter, Eden, Fulton, Lancaster, Leacock, Little Britain,
Manheim, Manor, Martic, Paradise, Pequea, Providence, Sadsbury, Salisbury,
Strasburg, Upper Leacock and West Lampeter townships.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ysmuckerbeilerdebate | Bit.Lycountygopendorsement FIND MORE ONLINE
bit.l

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      January 31, 2016 Sunday 12:32 AM GMT

Cruz campaign draws condemnation for strategy of shaming Iowans to caucus;
Officials denounce campaign for Texas senator Ted Cruz after it sends Iowans
notice of 'voting violation' and failing grades

BYLINE: Sabrina Siddiqui in Ames, Iowa

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 524 words


Ted Cruz has come under fire just two days before the Iowa caucuses for sending
mailers to voters here that accuse them of a "voting violation", earning the
Texas senator and his campaign a formal denunciation by top officials in the
state.

Related:  Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead Des Moines Register poll as Iowa
caucus approaches - live

The mailers, which came to light on Friday and were confirmed by Cruz's campaign
as theirs, include a voting score and the phrase "official public record". They
call out by name not only the recipients, but also their neighbors, as part of a
broader attempt to shame Iowans for not having participated in prior elections.

Paul Pate, Iowa's Republican secretary of state, condemned Cruz's campaign on
Saturday for distributing the mailers. He said the strategy "misrepresents the
role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election law".

"Accusing citizens of Iowa of a 'voting violation' based on Iowa caucus
participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act,"
Pate said in a statement.

"There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting.
Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in
keeping in the spirit of the Iowa caucuses."

Catherine Frazier, a spokeswoman for Cruz, defended the move as part of a common
practice to encourage voter turnout.

The literature was "a standard mailer that folks at the Iowa Republican party
and other get-out-the-vote groups have used to help motivate low-propensity
voters," she said. "We're going to do everything we can to turn these folks
out."

Matt Schultz, Cruz's Iowa state chairman and a former secretary of state here,
added that the mailer was modelled after similar mailers in the 2014 midterm
elections that were sent out by the Republican party of Iowa.

Those mailers, he said, "helped elect numerous Republican candidates during that
cycle".

Steve Deace, an influential conservative radio host and key surrogate for Cruz,
also dismissed the backlash - after he initially declared that the mailers were
fake, and corrected himself later.

Related:  Donald Trump sidelined as rivals debate without Republican frontrunner

"Watching the same people not outraged when Cruz was called a fake Christian now
pretend to be outraged by a mailer is, well, horse puckey," Deace wrote on
Twitter.

Even so, Cruz's tactics raised eyebrows across the political spectrum for their
directness. One Iowan tweeted his outrage with a picture of the mailer, which
included an F rating for how he had voted in the past. The man said he had not
been planning to caucus, but upon receiving the mailer he was, in fact,
persuaded to caucus - for Florida senator Marco Rubio, one of Cruz's chief
opponents.

Asked about the mailers on Saturday, Rubio told reporters he had heard about
them from voters who were upset and "disturbed".

"It's kind of an unusual way to end your campaign in a state," Rubio said.

"It doesn't sound like he's feeling too good. It sounds like he's under pressure
and maybe not reacting very well to it, which his problematic because presidents
are under pressure every day."

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 11, 2013 Friday

Bill would tighten some election laws

BYLINE: The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Jan. 11--HELENA -- No one showed up Friday to oppose a bill to tighten and make
more specific some Montana's campaign finance laws after a federal judge last
year struck down some of them as unconstitutionally vague.

At issue before the House State Administration Committee was House Bill 129, by
Rep. Steve Gibson, R-East Helena.

The bill came after U.S. District Judge Charles Lovell of Helena struck down
some state laws last year in a lawsuit filed by American Tradition Partnership.
They included the state's political civil libel law, which made it illegal to
misrepresent a candidate's voting record.

Gibson's bill deletes the "political civil libel" language from the law. It
revises the law to say: "It is unlawful for a person to misrepresent a
candidate's public voting record with knowledge that the assertion is false or
with a reckless disregard of whether or not the assertion is false."

HB129 also limits to five years the length of time an opposing candidate or
political committee can go back to criticize an opponent's voting record. There
previously was no limit.

Gibson said the changes are needed.

"I think many in this room, no matter what your party, have experienced blatant
accusations that are totally false," Gibson said. "It's out of hand."

The bill drew support from Sean McQuillan, representing the Montana Public
Interest Group, and Keith Allen, a union official who clarified he was speaking
only for himself.

Officials from the state political practices commissioner's office, while not
taking a stand for or against the bill, said the bill tries to address issues
raised by Lovell's decision.

Rep. Pat Connell, R-Hamilton, said he would like to raise the current $1,000
fine for violating the law. Some candidates and political committees might find
that a cheap price to get away with lying about the opposing candidates'
records, he said.

Gibson joked that he would like to raise the fine to $25,000, but that the legal
staff advised that the current $1,000 likely would stand up in court.

In conclusion, Gibson said, "I think this is a start, a real start."

The committee took no immediate action on the bill.

___ (c)2013 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130111-BU-Bill-would-tighten-some-election-laws-0111-20130111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2013 The Montana Standard


                              35 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             March 1, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

GABLEMAN IS WRONG

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 186 words


Supreme Court candidate Mike Gableman is running a sleazy campaign that seeks to
mislead the voters of Wisconsin about the record of his opponent, Justice Louis
Butler.

Gableman's campaign, which he has publicly stated that he controls, has been
caught distributing statements that say Butler "provided the deciding vote to
overturn a sexual predator decision by a circuit court, resulting in the release
of the predator into Milwaukee County."

That statement is false. The man convicted in the case remains incarcerated.

The Wisconsin Department of Corrections has confirmed this fact. Yet Gableman
has continued to peddle the misinformation.

No reasonable observer could question that Gableman is attempting to
misrepresent his opponent's record.

No reasonable observer could doubt that the candidate's actions place him in
direct violation of the Wisconsin Judicial Code, which states, "A candidate for
a judicial office shall not knowingly or with reckless disregard for the
statement's truth or falsity misrepresent the identity, qualifications, present
position, or other fact concerning the candidate or an opponent."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Mike Gableman

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Yet Even More Evidence That David Barton's History Cannot Be Trusted

LENGTH: 1205  words

DATELINE: Washington


People For the American Way has issued the following news release:

Just last month, we wrote a long post exposing the way in which David Barton
routinely misrepresents court cases in an effort to support his pseudo-history
and promote his cultural and political agenda. Today, we came across another
instance of Barton doing the same thing with a different court case while
delivering a presentation a few weeks ago at Calvary Chapel in San Jose,
California.

Barton was making the case that, until the Supreme Court's decision in Abington
Township v. Schempp in 1963 -- which Barton also routinely misrepresents --
teaching the Bible in public schools had been the norm. To support this point,
Barton cited the Supreme Court's 1844 ruling in a case called Vidal v. Girard's
Executors, which he claimed declared that no school that refused to teach the
Bible could receive public funds:

"We look at Christian schools today," Barton said, "and we think that's
alternative education. No, no, no. Christians schools is mainstream education.
Secular education is brand new in America. We never had that before. That's the
new thing ... In 1844, the U.S. Supreme Court had case called Vidal v. Girard's
Executors and what you had was a government-operated school that was not going
to teach the Bible and the Supreme Court came back with an unanimous 8-0
decision and the Supreme Court said well, if you don't want to teach the Bible,
you don't have to teach the Bible but you do have to become a private school.
We're not going to fund any public school that won't teach the Bible.

As usual, if you actually take the time to read this case, the facts in no way
support Barton's interpretation.

The case involved an extremely wealthy man named Stephen Girard who, as a
childless widower, left in his will large sums of money to the City of
Philadelphia for various civic improvements, as well as money to establish a
school for "poor male white orphan children."

Among the stipulations Girard placed upon the school was that no religious
leader was ever to hold a position there, nor could any specific denominational
doctrine be taught:

I enjoin and require that no ecclesiastic, missionary, or minister of any sect
whatsoever shall ever hold or exercise any station or duty whatever in the said
college, nor shall any such person ever be admitted for any purpose, or as a
visitor, within the premises appropriated to the purposes of the said college.

In making this restriction, I do not mean to cast any reflection upon any sect
or person whatsoever, but as there is such a multitude of sects and such a
diversity of opinion amongst them, I desire to keep the tender minds of the
orphans who are to derive advantage from this bequest free from the excitement
which clashing doctrines and sectarian controversy are so apt to produce; my
desire is that all the instructors and teachers in the college shall take pains
to instill into the minds of the scholars the purest principles of morality, so
that, on their entrance into active life, they may, from inclination and habit,
evince benevolence towards their fellow creatures and a love of truth, sobriety,
and industry, adopting at the same time such religious tenets as their matured
reason may enable them to prefer.

Some of Girard's heirs then sued on various technical grounds that are not
germane to Barton's point, as well as by arguing that prohibiting clergy from
working or teaching at the school was a violation of both the Constitution and
the Common Law because it discriminated against Christianity.

The Supreme Court unanimously rejected this argument:

All that we can gather from his language is that he desired to exclude
sectarians and sectarianism from the college, leaving the instructors and
officers free to teach the purest morality, the love of truth, sobriety, and
industry, by all appropriate means, and of course including the best, the
surest, and the most impressive. The objection, then, in this view, goes to this
-- either that the testator has totally omitted to provide for religious
instruction in his scheme of education (which, from what has been already said,
is an inadmissible interpretation), or that it includes but partial and
imperfect instruction in those truths. In either view can it be truly said that
it contravenes the known law of Pennsylvania upon the subject of charities, or
is not allowable under the article of the bill of rights already cited? Is an
omission to provide for instruction in Christianity in any scheme of school or
college education a fatal defect, which avoids it according to the law of
Pennsylvania? If the instruction provided for is incomplete and imperfect, is it
equally fatal? These questions are propounded because we are not aware that
anything exists in the Constitution or laws of Pennsylvania or the judicial
decisions of its tribunals which would justify us in pronouncing that such
defects would be so fatal. Let us take the case of a charitable donation to
teach poor orphans reading, writing, arithmetic, geography, and navigation, and
excluding all other studies and instruction; would the donation be void, as a
charity in Pennsylvania, as being deemed derogatory to Christianity? Hitherto it
has been supposed that a charity for the instruction of the poor might be good
and valid in England even if it did not go beyond the establishment of a grammar
school. And in America, it has been thought, in the absence of any express legal
prohibitions, that the donor might select the studies, as well as the classes of
persons, who were to receive his bounty without being compellable to make
religious instruction a necessary part of those studies. It has hitherto been
thought sufficient, if he does not require anything to be taught inconsistent
with Christianity.

Looking to the objection therefore in a mere juridical view, which is the only
one in which we are at liberty to consider it, we are satisfied that there is
nothing in the devise establishing the college, or in the regulations and
restrictions contained therein, which are inconsistent with the Christian
religion or are opposed to any known policy of the State of Pennsylvania.

This view of the whole matter renders it unnecessary for us to examine the other
and remaining question, to whom, if the devise were void, the property would
belong, whether it would fall into the residue of the estate devised to the
city, or become a resulting trust for the heirs at law.

Upon the whole, it is the unanimous opinion of the Court that the decree of the
Circuit Court of Pennsylvania dismissing the bill, ought to be affirmed, and it
is accordingly.

Barton's representation of this case is entirely false, as it had literally
nothing to do with the teaching of the Bible nor any requirement that schools
must do so in order to receive public funds.

Despite the fact that his claims are totally false, Barton will nonetheless
continue to make them in future presentations, secure in the knowledge that his
Religious Right supporters will never hold him accountable for his
misinformation and misrepresentations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Yet Even More Evidence That David Barton's History Cannot Be Trusted

LENGTH: 1205  words

DATELINE: Washington


People For the American Way has issued the following news release:

Just last month, we wrote a long post exposing the way in which David Barton
routinely misrepresents court cases in an effort to support his pseudo-history
and promote his cultural and political agenda. Today, we came across another
instance of Barton doing the same thing with a different court case while
delivering a presentation a few weeks ago at Calvary Chapel in San Jose,
California.

Barton was making the case that, until the Supreme Court's decision in Abington
Township v. Schempp in 1963 -- which Barton also routinely misrepresents --
teaching the Bible in public schools had been the norm. To support this point,
Barton cited the Supreme Court's 1844 ruling in a case called Vidal v. Girard's
Executors, which he claimed declared that no school that refused to teach the
Bible could receive public funds:

"We look at Christian schools today," Barton said, "and we think that's
alternative education. No, no, no. Christians schools is mainstream education.
Secular education is brand new in America. We never had that before. That's the
new thing ... In 1844, the U.S. Supreme Court had case called Vidal v. Girard's
Executors and what you had was a government-operated school that was not going
to teach the Bible and the Supreme Court came back with an unanimous 8-0
decision and the Supreme Court said well, if you don't want to teach the Bible,
you don't have to teach the Bible but you do have to become a private school.
We're not going to fund any public school that won't teach the Bible.

As usual, if you actually take the time to read this case, the facts in no way
support Barton's interpretation.

The case involved an extremely wealthy man named Stephen Girard who, as a
childless widower, left in his will large sums of money to the City of
Philadelphia for various civic improvements, as well as money to establish a
school for "poor male white orphan children."

Among the stipulations Girard placed upon the school was that no religious
leader was ever to hold a position there, nor could any specific denominational
doctrine be taught:

I enjoin and require that no ecclesiastic, missionary, or minister of any sect
whatsoever shall ever hold or exercise any station or duty whatever in the said
college, nor shall any such person ever be admitted for any purpose, or as a
visitor, within the premises appropriated to the purposes of the said college.

In making this restriction, I do not mean to cast any reflection upon any sect
or person whatsoever, but as there is such a multitude of sects and such a
diversity of opinion amongst them, I desire to keep the tender minds of the
orphans who are to derive advantage from this bequest free from the excitement
which clashing doctrines and sectarian controversy are so apt to produce; my
desire is that all the instructors and teachers in the college shall take pains
to instill into the minds of the scholars the purest principles of morality, so
that, on their entrance into active life, they may, from inclination and habit,
evince benevolence towards their fellow creatures and a love of truth, sobriety,
and industry, adopting at the same time such religious tenets as their matured
reason may enable them to prefer.

Some of Girard's heirs then sued on various technical grounds that are not
germane to Barton's point, as well as by arguing that prohibiting clergy from
working or teaching at the school was a violation of both the Constitution and
the Common Law because it discriminated against Christianity.

The Supreme Court unanimously rejected this argument:

All that we can gather from his language is that he desired to exclude
sectarians and sectarianism from the college, leaving the instructors and
officers free to teach the purest morality, the love of truth, sobriety, and
industry, by all appropriate means, and of course including the best, the
surest, and the most impressive. The objection, then, in this view, goes to this
-- either that the testator has totally omitted to provide for religious
instruction in his scheme of education (which, from what has been already said,
is an inadmissible interpretation), or that it includes but partial and
imperfect instruction in those truths. In either view can it be truly said that
it contravenes the known law of Pennsylvania upon the subject of charities, or
is not allowable under the article of the bill of rights already cited? Is an
omission to provide for instruction in Christianity in any scheme of school or
college education a fatal defect, which avoids it according to the law of
Pennsylvania? If the instruction provided for is incomplete and imperfect, is it
equally fatal? These questions are propounded because we are not aware that
anything exists in the Constitution or laws of Pennsylvania or the judicial
decisions of its tribunals which would justify us in pronouncing that such
defects would be so fatal. Let us take the case of a charitable donation to
teach poor orphans reading, writing, arithmetic, geography, and navigation, and
excluding all other studies and instruction; would the donation be void, as a
charity in Pennsylvania, as being deemed derogatory to Christianity? Hitherto it
has been supposed that a charity for the instruction of the poor might be good
and valid in England even if it did not go beyond the establishment of a grammar
school. And in America, it has been thought, in the absence of any express legal
prohibitions, that the donor might select the studies, as well as the classes of
persons, who were to receive his bounty without being compellable to make
religious instruction a necessary part of those studies. It has hitherto been
thought sufficient, if he does not require anything to be taught inconsistent
with Christianity.

Looking to the objection therefore in a mere juridical view, which is the only
one in which we are at liberty to consider it, we are satisfied that there is
nothing in the devise establishing the college, or in the regulations and
restrictions contained therein, which are inconsistent with the Christian
religion or are opposed to any known policy of the State of Pennsylvania.

This view of the whole matter renders it unnecessary for us to examine the other
and remaining question, to whom, if the devise were void, the property would
belong, whether it would fall into the residue of the estate devised to the
city, or become a resulting trust for the heirs at law.

Upon the whole, it is the unanimous opinion of the Court that the decree of the
Circuit Court of Pennsylvania dismissing the bill, ought to be affirmed, and it
is accordingly.

Barton's representation of this case is entirely false, as it had literally
nothing to do with the teaching of the Bible nor any requirement that schools
must do so in order to receive public funds.

Despite the fact that his claims are totally false, Barton will nonetheless
continue to make them in future presentations, secure in the knowledge that his
Religious Right supporters will never hold him accountable for his
misinformation and misrepresentations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                           April 28, 2004, Wednesday

WPD officers impersonated DEA agents

BYLINE: Bettie Fennell, Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B, 8B

LENGTH: 650 words


Several Wilmington police officers impersonated Drug Enforcement Administration
agents during a drug sting last year. As a result, then-Interim Police Chief
Tandy Carter received a letter from the U.S. Attorney's office pointing out the
danger regarding such actions.

Impersonating DEA agents apparently could jeopardize the successful prosecution
of certain cases, according to the Oct. 21 letter, signed by Robert Higdon Jr.,
assistant U.S. attorney and chief of the criminal division.

Mr. Higdon said Tuesday that he couldn't comment on the specifics of the issue.
In general, it is appropriate for officers to misrepresent themselves to make
suspects more comfortable so they will cooperate. But it depends on the stage of
the investigation whether officers should continue to misrepresent themselves to
potential defendants, he said.

While conducting a ruse can be a valuable tool in drug investigations, officers
shouldn't cross the line and misrepresent themselves to "targets" concerning
their status and role when it is appropriate, Mr. Higdon said in the letter.

"To fail to be candid may have serious implications for the admission of
evidence and the legality of any statement which might be taken from a target,"
the letter says.

Chief Carter, who left Wilmington in February to take over as police chief in
Shelby, declined to comment on the incident Tuesday. "I left Wilmington on the
12th of February and I haven't looked back since then," Chief Carter said. "I
don't have any obligation to you. You are not my local paper," he added.

Interim Police Chief Bruce Hickman said he was not aware of the incident. "This
is the first I've heard about it," Chief Hickman said. "This is news to me."

Al McKenzie, city of Wilmington's personnel director, said he was unaware of the
incident and there are no records of officers being disciplined for their
actions.

City Manager Sterling Cheatham said he talked with Chief Carter about the
incident after the chief received the letter from the U.S. Attorney's Office.
Mr. Cheatham couldn't recall the exact number of officers involved, but said it
was no more than three.

He said the chief reviewed the situation with the officers and the command staff
and took the appropriate action. Mr. Cheatham couldn't recall what action was
taken involving the officers. He said the department "immediately corrected the
lack of protocol."

The letter, dated Oct. 21, 2003, says the DEA got an e-mail from Raeford Brown
with WECT-TV, who learned that Wilmington police officers were assisting the
Pender County Sheriff's Department in a drug investigation. During the
investigation, Wilmington police officers "donned DEA (Drug Enforcement
Administration) ball caps," according to the letter from Mr. Higdon.

Mr. Brown said Tuesday that the News Department was working on a story when he
found out that the police officers impersonated DEA agents. When a television
reporter contacted both Mr. Cheatham and Chief Carter about it, Mr. Brown said
they both denied that it happened. He said Chief Carter responded through
Officer Linda Rawley, a spokeswoman for the Police Department.

Mr. Brown said he contacted the U.S. Attorney's office when a reporter received
denials that anything happened. Mr. Brown said Chief Carter called WECT's
general manager, John Shine, to say that a news story would interfere with an
ongoing drug investigation. Mr. Brown said he checked and agreed that a news
story could hinder the investigation so the story wasn't aired. He said

Tuesday that he was told the investigation had concluded.

Mr. Brown said WECT's reporter was trying to determine if anything was improper
involving police officers who were impersonating DEA agents.

Mr. Cheatham acknowledged Tuesday that he was made aware of the incident, but
that it didn't hinder the Police Department's relationship with the DEA.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2004 Star News


                              39 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 22, 2006 Sunday

Chiropractor, wife face charges of billing fraud

SECTION: UTAH;  Pg. B4

LENGTH: 287 words


A chiropractor and his wife have been charged with fraud.

The Murray couple  --  Todd Singleton, 45, and Nancy Singleton, 45  --  were the
owners-operators of Doctors Plus, which operated from two Salt Lake Valley
clinics: at 415 E. 3900 South and at 2727 W. 3500 South.

In 2004, the president of Chiropractic Compliance Consultants conducted a review
of 248 Doctors Plus patient records at the request of the Health Care Fraud Task
Force and the FBI, according to a criminal complaint filed Thursday.

He found that Doctors Plus "was involved in misconduct that could result in
allegations of billing for services not rendered; billing for services that
misrepresented the nature of the service provided; billing for services that
were substandard and/or unnecessary; as well as billing for services that
misrepresent the actual service provider," the complaint states.

A woman who worked as an unlicensed aide in June and July of 2005 said she was
convinced Doctors Plus was a medical mill perpetuating billing fraud, according
to the complaint.

Another former employee said that she was instructed by Todd Singleton and
another doctor to misrepresent symptoms for incoming patients and that patient
records as well as associated documents were falsified to obtain payment from
insurance carriers, the complaint says.

A summary of findings of a Western Integrity Center audit of Doctors Plus
revealed a 94 percent error rate and an overpayment rate of more than $154,000
in a sample size of 16 files, according to the complaint.

The Singletons were each charged Thursday with a second-degree felony false or
fraudulent insurance act for alleged crimes that occurred between February 2002
and November 2003.

--  Justin Hill

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 14, 2010 Thursday

Veggiegate!

LENGTH: 214 words


As "gates" go ("gates" being the suffix attached to any "scandal" emanating from
a government source since the days of Watergate), this one is a trifling thing:

It turns out the wildly popular Iron Chef of America two-hour special taped at
the White House and aired Jan. 3 was one big, honkin' vegetable lie. For public
consumption, produce used in the segment was picked in the first family's garden
in late October. The show was taped a week later in New York. "Stunt double"
vegetables were used.

But the show went to great pains to act as if the vegetables picked were the
vegetables used. And the White House apparently went along.

Veggiegate!

Big deal, right? We're talking vegetables, right? And, after all, it is
television, for cryin' out loud, right?

Of course. But it's still a misrepresentation. And it's more than that. It's a
metaphor for an administration that regularly misrepresents its policies as
being beneficent when they actually are harmful. Witness the phony results of
the "stimulus" programs, the phony promises of the health care "reform" bill and
the phony concept of incurring more debt to, supposedly, retire debt.

If the White House feels so compelled to misrepresent the use of vegetables for
a TV program, what won't it misrepresent? Nothing, actually.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            December 8, 2006 Friday

Letter Box

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1138 words



Funding green activities better than lighting

Editor of the Reformer:

Please don't call me a Scrooge. I love the magic of a seasonal light display as
much as the next person. However, as a citizen greatly concerned about worldwide
local climate disruption due to human release of greenhouse gases, I see BaBB's
and Vermont Yankee's partnership for extensive new lighting in downtown
Brattleboro as a step in the wrong direction.

Global warming was not a household word in 1967 when our town boasted what Larry
Smith remembers as a "holiday glory." Energy was plentiful and cheap, and its
use did not tax the conscience.

These days we have a strong imperative to dramatically restructure the way we
think and live. Our present path of reckless consumption leads to
weather-related disasters, forest fires, water shortages, lower crop yields,
famine, disease and uncontrolled migration.

If Vermont Yankee is seeking to donate $50,000 to a "great community activity,"
I would like to see a $10,000 yearly gift to support green energy projects in
town.

Marcia Bourne

Brattleboro, Dec. 6


Reformer repeats error in recent Woodward story

Editor of the Reformer:

This may be the last occasion to correct your reporting on the police shooting
of Robert Woodward. Your story on the extraordinary generosity of the Woodward
family in donating the money received in their settlement with the town, beyond
legal fees, to local charities reports without challenge that "the officers
involved told investigators that they fired only after Woodward lunged at them
with the knife."

You later mention the attorney general's report clearing the officers and Judge
Murtha's dismissal of the family's suit as if they were definitive.

However, of the 18 other people present at the shooting, when they were
questioned on tape that same day, not one confirmed the police officers' story.
Every one of the eight nonpolice witnesses who were looking directly at Woodward
at the time of the first shot stated in response to repeated questions from the
State Police that Woodward had made no threatening motion toward the police or
toward anyone but himself. They were baffled as to why the police had fired, and
most of them were outraged.

The police officers, on the other hand, surely understood that without some
threatening action from Woodward, their own actions were unjustified. According
to their own testimony, the officers had talked about the incident before they
were questioned about the shooting a day later. Their accounts of Woodward's
position and actions nonetheless differ from each other in substantial details,
whereas the accounts of other witnesses, who had not consulted with each other,
substantially agree. These are not opinions; they are facts on the written
record.

The attorney general's report on the shooting is a shoddy and dishonest piece of
work on its face. I have shown in my own analysis of the witness statements and
the tapes of the 911 calls and police broadcasts that Sorrell misrepresents
chronology, misrepresents what the police were told and what they understood,
misrepresents the weight of the evidence and his own use of it, misrepresents
the police response to requests to allow medical treatment after the shooting,
and never accounts for the wounds Woodward received to his side and back. I have
presented my analysis publicly and have given copies to the attorney general, to
Chief John Martin (who attended one of my public presentations), to the
Selectboard, and to the Reformer, with an offer to correct any errors any of
them could identify. Not one of them has identified any errors.

Judge Murtha's first dismissal of the case was sent back to him by the appeals
court because the reasons he had given did not support his conclusion. In his
second dismissal of the case, he repeatedly relied on the so-called "21-foot
rule," but his statement of the rule, according to PoliceOne.com, "the one
complete resource for law enforcement," is incorrect.

That law enforcement Web site goes on to state that officers who shoot someone
under such a misapprehension of the rule "are not legally justified" and "may
find themselves subject to disciplinary action, civil suits, or even criminal
charges." Again, these are not matters of opinion; they are facts on the written
record.

Officers Holbrook and Parker need not have killed Robert Woodward five years
ago; the weight of the evidence is that they were not even legally justified in
doing so and that they gave self-serving accounts of his actions with the effect
that they might escape the legal consequences.

The town, the attorney general, and the courts have failed the Woodwards and in
doing so have failed all citizens with an interest in justice and a reliable
police force. The Woodwards' suit and their sustained effort to have the police
force and the town confront the problems in training, procedures and
investigative responses have not been merely the acts of an aggrieved family;
their loss has given them standing to act for all of us outraged by this
shooting and the incompetent official response.

T. Hunter Wilson

Marlboro, Dec. 3


Local columnists rock

Editor of the Reformer:

I was very happy to see that Meg Mott is writing a column again. Her column is
always worth reading twice. The column about "passing through" made me think of
how much I appreciate the local columnists. Two deceased writers whom I really
miss are Donella Meadows and Marty Jezer. I also liked the column by Jim Austin.
His often non-PC humor was a delight. Other locals that I enjoy are: Richard
Davis, Elaine Clift, Henry Homeyer, Fish, Chris Petrak, Fran Lynggaard Hansen
and ... I'm sure there are more. Along with being interesting, their columms
have a subtle, ethical edge to them.

Ken Heile

Guilford, Dec. 6


A happy ending

On Sunday, Dec. 3, I stupidly placed my pocketbook on the trunk on my car. I was
at home and was heading into Brattleboro from Hinsdale, N.H. I did not realize
what I had done until I reached my destination and had no purse with me. Family
members backtracked my route to no avail. I was very upset, as would be any
woman who lost their purse. But the outcome of this little story is very
heartwarming.

At times when all we read about is break-ins and robberies, it is nice to know
that there are still honest and trusting people out there. I luckily had one
find my purse in the road, about a mile from my home. Her name is Christy
Whitcomb.

I have thanked her in my own way, but feel that this was just not enough. I am
so very grateful to her for her honesty. Taking the time out of her busy life,
to stop and pick up all of my belonging and come to my home and leave a note.
She could have easily kept on driving, but she didn't.

Thank you so very much, Christy. I hope your holidays are as rewarding as you
have made mine.

Judy Flynn

Hinsdale, N.H., Dec. 4

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 5, 2005, Monday, FINAL EDITION

'It's too easy to send someone else's child to die'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 603 words

Kids of powerful skipped

Tim Kane and James Jay Carafano serve up a bunch of statistics, with much sound
and fury, signifying nothing. They claim they have proved that the demographics
of the Army are all fair and square. Hardly. They miss the point entirely
("Debunking the myth of the underprivileged soldier," The Forum, Nov. 28).


A big problem with the armed forces has been that it's too easy to send someone
else's child to die for a cause. The all-volunteer Army makes that easier --
although during the draft, many children from wealthy families had strings
pulled to get them deferments or entry into less-dangerous services such as the
National Guard.

No distorted statistics will change the fact that very rich and powerful men
send the children of men not as rich and powerful to die for their ends. New
York Times columnist Bob Herbert is quite right. If the Bush twins and the
children of members of Congress and oil company CEOs -- or, God forbid, the old
men themselves -- had to fight house to house in Fallujah, Iraq, the cause
suddenly wouldn't have been as noble, and this war never would have happened.

Richard Franklin

New Canaan, Conn.

Well-educated troops

My college-educated son joined the Army in November 2004.

He met a group of guys on his way to basic training, most of whom had some
college up to advanced degrees. There was not a single economically
disadvantaged person in the group.

He indicated that anyone who was not motivated and enthused about the military
tended to fall by the wayside quickly. While some of those he serves with may
have been economically disadvantaged, they saw it as a way to a better life
through education or a good retirement.

It seems some people need to check their facts before speaking out.

John Beane

Leland, N.C.

View misrepresents study

USA TODAY's recent Forum commentary "Debunking the myth of the underprivileged
soldier" misrepresents a study by the National Priorities Project, as reported
on by the Washington Post. The commentary also more generally misrepresents the
reality of our armed forces.

First, the authors state that the National Priorities Project study on military
recruitment suggests that the rural nature of the armed forces is new. Our study
looked only at 2004 data, and no such implication was made. Higher recruitment
rates in rural areas are a reflection of the lack of opportunity in many rural
areas across the country, rather than a new trend.

But more important, the authors suggest that recruits are from the more affluent
classes.

Both the Heritage Foundation study and our study show the same facts:

*Recruits from ZIP code areas that have median household incomes of $25,000 to
$54,999 are over-represented.

*ZIP code areas that have median household incomes of $55,000 or more are
under-represented.

Indeed, recruits come from where we would expect: low- and middle-income
households.

Finally, the authors are neglectful of a critical issue: national security.

An unpopular war has created a personnel shortage particularly for the Army. In
spite of the larger enlistment bonuses, bigger advertising campaigns and efforts
to influence the "influencers" (parents, teachers, etc.), recruitment goals were
unmet. We should be discussing these issues, not glossing over them.

National Priorities Project's data on military recruitment is available by ZIP
code, school, county and state at http://nationalpriorities.org/database.

Anita Dancs

Research director

National Priorities Project

Northampton, Mass.





LOAD-DATE: December 06, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Bob Laird, USA TODAY

TYPE: Debate

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              43 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

SRA International Inc. And Galaxy Scientific Corp. To Pay $1.1 Million To
Resolve Alleged False Claims Related To Military Contracts

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Jersey has issued the
following news release:



  SRA International Inc. and Galaxy Scientific Corp. will pay more than $1.1
million to resolve civil claims relating to a scheme to bill for, and capture,
unlawful profits on certain military contracts, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman of
the District of New Jersey announced today.





 In the civil settlement, SRA International Inc. (SRA), Galaxy Scientific Corp.
(GSC), Galaxy Technology LLC (GTech), and Engineering Integrated Services L.L.C.
(EIS), agreed to pay $1,105,087 plus accrued interest to the federal government
to resolve allegations under the False Claims Act. The United States alleged
that in 2004 and 2005 GSC used shell affiliates to improperly induce the
Government to fund and award task orders, disguise actual costs, misrepresent
what work was actually performed, and capture unlawful profit.



 With respect to a task order involving the use of image and audio compression
technology over low-bandwidth networks (Task Order 29 under the
Communications-Electronics Life Cycle Management Command's [CECOM's] Rapid
Response Contract No. DAAB07-03-D-B011), the United States alleged that GSC, a
company whose majority shareholder and CEO was Dr. James Yoh, created a shell
affiliate, GTech, a company wholly owned by Dr. Yoh, which it used to disguise
actual costs, misrepresent what work was actually performed, and capture
unlawful profit.



 In another task order involving communications in the Kuwait-Iraq theater of
operations (Task Order Y601 of the same contract above), the United States
alleged that GSC created another shell affiliate, EIS, again owned and
controlled by Dr. Yoh, to improperly induce the government to fund and award the
task order, disguise actual costs and capture unlawful profit.



 The civil settlement resolves a False Claims Act lawsuit filed under the FCA's
qui tam provisions in federal court in the District of New Jersey by John Carr,
who worked as a contracting officer for GSC. As part of today's resolution, Mr.
Carr will receive approximately $250,000 from the civil settlement amount.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited Resident Agent in Charge Richard Monticello of
the Defense Criminal Investigative Service, New Jersey Resident Agency, and
Investigative Auditor Brandy Saul of the Defense Contract Audit Agency,
Mid-Atlantic Region, for the investigation leading to the settlement.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Dauenheimer
of the U.S. Attorney's Office's Civil Division in Newark and Trial Attorney
Arnold Auerhan of the Civil Frauds Section in the U.S. Department of Justice.



 The claims settled by this agreement are allegations only; there have been no
admissions of liability.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Washington: SRA International Inc. And Galaxy Scientific Corp. To Pay $1.1
Million To Resolve Alleged False Claims Related To Military Contracts

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 SRA International Inc. and Galaxy Scientific Corp. will pay more than $1.1
million to resolve civil claims relating to a scheme to bill for, and capture,
unlawful profits on certain military contracts, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman of
the District of New Jersey announced today.

In the civil settlement, SRA International Inc. (SRA), Galaxy Scientific Corp.
(GSC), Galaxy Technology LLC (GTech), and Engineering Integrated Services L.L.C.
(EIS), agreed to pay $1,105,087 plus accrued interest to the federal government
to resolve allegations under the False Claims Act. The United States alleged
that in 2004 and 2005 GSC used shell affiliates to improperly induce the
Government to fund and award task orders, disguise actual costs, misrepresent
what work was actually performed, and capture unlawful profit. With respect to a
task order involving the use of image and audio compression technology over
low-bandwidth networks (Task Order 29 under the Communications-Electronics Life
Cycle Management Command's [CECOM's] Rapid Response Contract No.
DAAB07-03-D-B011), the United States alleged that GSC, a company whose majority
shareholder and CEO was Dr. James Yoh, created a shell affiliate, GTech, a
company wholly owned by Dr. Yoh, which it used to disguise actual costs,
misrepresent what work was actually performed, and capture unlawful profit.   In
another task order involving communications in the Kuwait-Iraq theater of
operations (Task Order Y601 of the same contract above), the United States
alleged that GSC created another shell affiliate, EIS, again owned and
controlled by Dr. Yoh, to improperly induce the government to fund and award the
task order, disguise actual costs and capture unlawful profit.  The civil
settlement resolves a False Claims Act lawsuit filed under the FCA's qui tam
provisions in federal court in the District of New Jersey by John Carr, who
worked as a contracting officer for GSC. As part of today's resolution, Mr. Carr
will receive approximately $250,000 from the civil settlement amount. U.S.
Attorney Fishman credited Resident Agent in Charge Richard Monticello of the
Defense Criminal Investigative Service, New Jersey Resident Agency, and
Investigative Auditor Brandy Saul of the Defense Contract Audit Agency,
Mid-Atlantic Region, for the investigation leading to the settlement. The
government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Dauenheimer of the
U.S. Attorney's Office's Civil Division in Newark and Trial Attorney Arnold
Auerhan of the Civil Frauds Section in the U.S. Department of Justice. The
claims settled by this agreement are allegations only; there have been no
admissions of liability.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Barren County indictments

BYLINE: Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


July 06--The following persons were indicted in Barren County Circuit Court
according to documents filed on June 29. The remainder of the indictments will
be published in upcoming editions of the Daily Times:

--Jeffrey A. Boyd, 47, of Horse Cave was indicted on one count of identity
theft, a class D felony, and one count of first-degree persistent felony
offender stemming from incidents that allegedly took place on or about May 28 to
May 31 of this year. Glasgow Police Officer Mickey Atwood testified.

--April L. Finn, 25, of Glasgow was indicted on two counts of false statement/
misrepresent to receive benefits over $100, a class D felony, stemming from
incidents that allegedly took place in June of 2014. Chris Knifley, an
investigator with the Office of the Inspector General, testified.

--Cristina D. Poynter, 39, of Cave City was indicted on one count of false
statement/misrepresent to receive benefits over $100, a class D felony, stemming
from incidents that allegedly took place from June 2012 through June 2013. Chris
Knifley, an investigator with the Office of the Inspector General, testified.

--Jonathan C. Morgan, 32, of Glasgow was indicted on one count of unlawful use
of electronic means to induce a minor to engage in sexual or other prohibited
activities, a class D felony, stemming from incidents that allegedly took place
on or about April 17. GDP Det. Steven Shields testified.

--Heather F. Isenberg, 45, of Glasgow was indicted on two counts of first-degree
wanton endangerment, a class D felony, and one count of operating a motor
vehicle while under the influence of a controlled substance, second offense, a
class B misdemeanor, stemming from an incident that allegedly took place on or
about Nov. 24 of 2015. Barren County Sheriff's Office Dep. Eric Bull testified.

--Heather M. Ramirez, 41, of Knoxville, Tennessee was indicted on one count of
complicity to theft by unlawful taking or disposition, a class C felony, and one
count of first-degree criminal mischief, a class D felony, stemming from
incidents that allegedly took place on or about Jan. 12. GPD Officer Joseph Ford
testified.

--Samantha Jo Puckett, 30, of Cave City was indicted on one count of tampering
with physical evidence, a class D felony, one count of first-degree possession
of a controlled substance, a class D felony, one count of second-degree
possession of a controlled substance, a class A misdemeanor, one count of
controlled substance not in original container, a class B misdemeanor, and one
count of first-degree persistent felony offender stemming from incidents that
allegedly took place on or about Jan. 20. Cave City Police Maj. Terrill Riley
testified.

--Blake D. Lawler, 26, of Cave City was indicted on one count of first-degree
promoting contraband, a class D felony, one count of possession of synthetic
drugs, a class B misdemeanor and one count of operating a motor vehicle while
under the influence of any other substances which impairs one's driving ability,
a class B misdemeanor, stemming from incidents that allegedly took place on or
about March 4. CCP Maj. Terrill Riley testified.

--Kenneth L. Harrison, 34, of Glasgow was indicted on one count of first-degree
possession of a controlled substance, a class D felony, one count of possession
of drug paraphernalia, a class A misdemeanor, one count of possession of
marijuana, a class B misdemeanor, illegal possession of a legend drug, a class B
misdemeanor, and one count of controlled substance prescription not in original
container, a class B misdemeanor, stemming from incidents that allegedly took
place on or about March 18. GPD Officer Zane Greer testified.

___ (c)2016 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160706-GK-Barren-County-indictments-0706-20160706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2016 Glasgow Daily Times


                              46 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

EXTENDING CREDIT Masiello can return with degree

BYLINE: BY ROGER RUBIN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 402 words


ARLINGTON, Tex. - Steve Masiello will remain Manhattan's basketball coach.

Masiello's job has been in limbo since March 26 after his jump to South Florida
was torpedoed when the school backed out after a background check revealed he
did not graduate from the University of Kentucky as he had claimed. Manhattan
placed him on leave because he had made the same claim when he was hired to
coach the Jaspers three years ago.

On Monday the school announced that Masiello would be reinstated upon completing
his degree at Kentucky, for which he is three credits short.

He will not be paid until he gets the degree. Manhattan president Brennan
O'Donnell said in the school's statement that after its review of Masiello's
-situation, the coach "did not intentionally misrepresent himself in applying"
to coach the Jaspers.

Associate head coach Matt Grady will serve as interim head coach until Masiello
returns.

"I am extremely grateful and humbled by the opportunity to continue as the head
men's basketball coach at Manhattan College," Masiello said in the school's
statement. "I made a mistake that could have cost me my job -. . . Manhattan
College has shown me a great deal of compassion and trust during this process,
and I will do everything in my power to uphold that trust. I understand that I
am very fortunate to have the chance to remain here at Manhattan."

Masiello, 36, was offered and accepted the South Florida post - and agreed to a
five-year contract that was to have paid in excess of $1 million annually -
after taking the Jaspers to the NCAA Tournament for the first time in a decade;
they played defending national champ Louisville tough in a narrow loss.

"After an extensive review of the situation and extenuating circumstances, we
determined that Mr. Masiello executed poor judgment but did not intentionally
misrepresent himself in applying to the College," O'Donnell said in the
statement. "After participating in graduation ceremonies at the University of
Kentucky, he enrolled in summer courses with the intention of completing his
degree, but never followed through to make sure that the degree was awarded.. .
. Our policy was always that the coach must have at least a four-year
undergraduate degree. We are confident that Mr. Masiello will be able to
complete his degree this summer and return soon thereafter to resume his
duties."

The White Plains product is 60-39 in three seasons at Manhattan.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Masiello can return to coach at Manhattan when he completes
degree at Kentucky. RICHARD HARBUS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                              47 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Status of Senate Bill No: 1266 Amending the act of October 17, 2008 (P.L.1645,
No.132)

LENGTH: 967  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Status of
Senate Bill:



  SENATE BILL



 No.





 1266





 Session of



 2015















 INTRODUCED BY TOMLINSON, BROWNE, RAFFERTY, GREENLEAF, HUGHES, TARTAGLIONE,
YUDICHAK, VULAKOVICH, BAKER, MENSCH AND HAYWOOD, MAY 18, 2016











 REFERRED TO CONSUMER PROTECTION AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSURE, MAY 18, 2016















 AN ACT







 1Amending the act of October 17, 2008 (P.L.1645, No.132),

 2entitled "An act providing for the regulation of home

 3improvement contracts and for the registration of certain

 4contractors; prohibiting certain acts; and providing for

 5penalties," further providing for registration of

 6contractors, for home improvement fraud and for prohibited

 7acts.





 8The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

 9hereby enacts as follows:



 10Section 1. Section 3 of the act of October 17, 2008

 11(P.L.1645, No.132), known as the Home Improvement Consumer

 12Protection Act, is amended by adding subsections to read:



 13Section 3. Registration of contractors.



 14* * *



 15(e) Nonissuance, suspension or revocation.--The bureau may

 16refuse to register a person or suspend or revoke a registration

 17issued to a person upon proof that a person has:



 18(1) obtained a registration through fraud, deception or

 19misrepresentation;



 20150SB1266PN1834 -1-





 1(2) engaged in the use or employment of dishonesty,

 2fraud, deception, misrepresentation, false promise or false

 3pretense;



 4(3) engaged in gross negligence, gross malpractice or

 5gross incompetence;



 6(4) engaged in repeated acts of negligence, malpractice

 7or incompetence;



 8(5) been convicted of a crime involving theft,

 9deception, fraud, misrepresentation or moral turpitude or a

 10crime adverse to the provisions of this act. As used in this

 11paragraph, the term "convicted" shall include a judgment, an

 12admission of guilt or a plea of nolo contendere;



 13(6) had a suspended or revoked registration as a

 14contractor imposed by any other state agency outside of this

 15Commonwealth for reasons similar to those listed under this

 16subsection; or



 17(7) violated or failed to comply with the provisions of

 18this act.



 19(f) Administrative procedure.--Actions of the bureau under

 20this act shall be subject to 2 Pa.C.S. Chs. 5 Subch. A (relating

 21to practice and procedure of Commonwealth agencies) and 7 Subch.

 22A (relating to judicial review of Commonwealth agency action).



 23Section 2. Section 8(a) and (c)(1) of the act are amended to

 24read:



 25Section 8. Home improvement fraud.



 26(a) Offense defined.--A person commits the offense of home

 27improvement fraud if, with intent to defraud or injure anyone or

 28with knowledge that he is facilitating a fraud or injury to be

 29perpetrated by anyone, the actor:



 30(1) makes a false or misleading statement to induce,

 20150SB1266PN1834 -2-





 1encourage or solicit a person to enter into any written or

 2oral agreement for home improvement services or provision of

 3home improvement materials or to justify an increase in the

 4previously agreed upon price;



 5(2) receives any advance payment for performing home

 6improvement services or providing home improvement materials

 7and fails to perform or provide such services or materials

 8when specified in the contract taking into account any force

 9majeure or unforeseen labor strike that would extend the time

 10frame or unless extended by agreement with the owner and

 11fails to return the payment received for such services or

 12materials which were not provided by that date;



 13(3) while soliciting a person to enter into an agreement

 14for home improvement services or materials, misrepresents or

 15conceals the contractor's or salesperson's real name, the

 16name of the contractor's business, the contractor's business

 17address or any other identifying information;



 18(4) damages a person's property with the intent to

 19induce, encourage or solicit that person to enter into a

 20written or oral agreement for performing home improvement

 21services or providing home improvement materials;



 22(5) misrepresents himself or another as an employee or

 23agent of the Federal, Commonwealth or municipal government,

 24any other governmental unit or any public utility with the

 25intent to cause a person to enter into any agreement for

 26performing home improvement services or providing home

 27improvement materials;



 28(6) misrepresents an item as a special order material or

 29to misrepresent the cost of the special order material;



 30(7) alters a home improvement agreement, mortgage,

 20150SB1266PN1834 -3-





 1promissory note or other document incident to performing or

 2selling a home improvement without the consent of the

 3consumer; [or]



 4(8) directly or indirectly publishes a false or

 5deceptive advertisement in violation of State law governing

 6advertising about home improvement[.]; or



 7(9) enters into a home improvement agreement, whether or

 8not the agreement is written or oral, without first

 9registering with the bureau as provided for under this act.



 10* * *



 11(c) Grading.--



 12(1) A violation of subsection (a)(1), (3), (4), (5),

 13(6), (7) [or], (8) or (9) constitutes:



 14(i) a felony of the third degree if the amount

 15involved exceeds $2,000; or



 16(ii) a misdemeanor of the first degree if the amount

 17involved is $2,000 or less or if the amount involved

 18cannot be satisfactorily ascertained.



 19* * *



 20Section 3. Section 9 of the act is amended by adding a



 21paragraph to read:



 22Section 9. Prohibited acts.



 23No person shall:



 24* * *



 25(13) Provide false or incomplete information on a

 26registration application to the bureau.



 27Section 4. This act shall take effect in 60 days.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

Jonena Hearst: Setting it straight on homosexual behavior

BYLINE: By Jonena Hearst Desert Spring Unitarian Community.

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 749 words


As members of the Desert Springs Unitarian Community, we read with interest the
recent article by Kurt Simmons. We are sure Simmons did not intentionally
mislead or misrepresent facts. However, he mentions several items that are
factually incorrect or misrepresent current research in human sexual behavior.
The definition of "impose" is "to establish as compulsory" and that of "sodomy"
includes "anal and oral intercourse between members of the opposite sex"
(American Heritage Dictionary.)

The Utah court decision does not compel anyone to engage in anal or oral sex. As
always, the type of sexual act remains a choice between two consenting adults in
the privacy of their own homes, straight or otherwise. The court declared
unconstitutional the denial of legal status to same-sex couples that straight
couples enjoy. As for judicial advocacy and supremacy, we feel Mr. Simmons
misrepresented how the judicial branch of our government operates. Judges
interpret laws; that is their function. We note that the cries of "Unfair!
Activist Judge!" are heard whenever a group disagrees with a court decision. We
do not feel threatened by the spectre of judicial advocacy or supremacy. While
the judiciary interprets the laws, the executive branch chooses to enforce it
and Congress, when it works, makes laws. When the U.S. Supreme Court decided in
favor of the Cherokee Nation, Andrew Jackson ignored the decision and forcibly
removed the members of the Cherokee Nation from their homes resulting in the
"Trail of Tears." We very much doubt that nine will overset our nation.
Leviticus prohibits or proscribes many things we now ignore. These include
eating meat with blood in it (Lev. 19:26-28), cleansing a house by taking bird's
blood mixed with water, cedarwood, marjoram, and scarlet thread, and sprinkling
the house seven times (Lev. 14:49-53), planting fields with two kinds of seed,
or putting on garments with two kinds of yarn (Lev. 19:19). After all, most of
us wear some sort of polyester/cotton blend. If we wanted, we could cherry-pick
sufficient quotes from the Bible to support genocide, stoning, or rape. We
choose not to do so. Simmons may be unaware of the work on same-sex
relationships in the animal kingdom over the last 30 years. Male and female
pygmy chimpanzees regularly engage in sexual intercourse (male-male,
female-female, and male-female) to defuse social tensions in the band (de Waals,
1995). As many as 450 species of mammals, birds, reptiles, fish and
invertebrates engage in some type of homosexual relationships (Bagemihl, 1999).
Apparently, same-sex relationships are natural. We had great difficulty finding
the source for Simmons' data on the genetic component of human sexuality. Our
review of the literature produced a number of studies in peer-reviewed
scientific journals, which directly contradict his unsubstantiated assertions.
The studies we found point to a very strong genetic component to sexual
orientation. Summaries of and references to the pertinent literature can be
found in Simon LeVay's "Gay, Straight and the Reason Why: The Science of Sexual
Orientation," and Joan Roughgarden's "Evolution's Rainbow: Diversity, Gender and
Sexuality in Nature and People." Furthermore, we cannot explain why anyone would
choose to subject themselves to the harassment, bigotry, discrimination,
ostracism, hateful or vicious remarks, and physical attacks (beatings, torture
and murder) as homosexuals unless there was a strong genetic and biological
component. Simmons is correct in saying there are risks in homosexual behavior.
We would like to point out there are risks to all sexual behavior. Sexually
transmitted diseases are a significant problem in straight sex. Unwanted or
unplanned pregnancies are a serious risk and restricted solely to straight sex.
We respectfully but emphatically disagree that admitting there is a genetic or
biological basis for sexual orientation removes the moral dimension from
behavior. We do not feel that sexual orientation in any way influences moral
behavior or is a measure of an individual's worth. In our community, commitment
to family, friends and neighbors and actions based on integrity, honesty,
compassion, kindness and generosity are the true measures of morality. We
believe that by repenting of our prejudices and treating other people as we wish
to be treated -- with compassion, dignity, and respect -- we will all achieve
salvation.

Jonena Hearst is a member of the Desert Spring Unitarian Community.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday
                                 Online Edition

Political Insider;
Your morning jolt: Black Caucus calls for governor to withdraw brief in voting
rights case

BYLINE: JIM GALLOWAY; Staff

LENGTH: 669 words


8:22 am April 2, 2009

The Legislative Black Caucus has taken high umbrage over Gov. Sonny Perdue's
participation in a case headed for the U.S. Supreme Court, seeking to overturn
the Voting Rights Act.

The caucus on Tuesday hand-delivered a sharply written letter to Perdue, asking
him to withdraw an amicus brief filed in the matter of Northwest Austin
Municipal Utility District Number One v. Holder.

Says the caucus letter, written by state Sen. Emanuel Jones of Decatur:

"The right to cast a meaningful vote had been denied generations of Georgians
until enactment of laws simply requiring evaluation of changes in voting
procedures to determine the impact on minorities. The disenfranchisement of a
sizable minority in this state had been justified by misrepresentation, deceit,
and hypocrisy.

"Your brief continues that tradition."

Download a copy of the Black Caucus letter here.

Specifically, the Texas lawsuit challenges the constitutionality of Section 5 of
the Voting Rights Act, which requires federal approval for any change in
election law in nine states, including Texas and Georgia, and parts of seven
others. The case is to be argued this month.

The governor''s friend-of-the-court brief was drawn up by Anne Lewis, deputy
counsel for the state GOP, after Attorney General Thurbert Baker --- a Democrat
and an African-American --- refused.

In the governor's brief, Perdue argues that Georgia is no longer the state that
it was in 1965, when the Voting Rights Act was first approved by Congress.

Perdue cites the performance of African-American politicians in Georgia ---
including Barack Obama --- as proof. Obama, a Democrat, received 47 percent of
the vote in Georgia in the November election. Republican John McCain won the
state with 52 percent of the vote.

Writes Jones:

Your brief misrepresents the ascendancy of black politicians in Georgia, and the
continued existence of racially polarized voting. While it correctly states that
there has been an increase in the number of black elected officials, it ignores
the obvious fact that the majority of black officials are elected from majority
black districts.

Here's a final slap:

Your brief even misrepresents you....Your private attorney even signs the brief
as "Special Attorney General," a position that does not exist in this state, but
a bogus title apparently intended to confer some governmental legitimacy on the
filing. The attorney general can appoint private lawyers to be special
assistants, but no one can appoint a "special" attorney general.

A copy of the letter was sent to numerous entities, including the U.S.
Department of Justice and its civil rights division.

Other news found while perambulating around ajc.com this morning:

A dramatic vote, and serious arm-twisting, keeps DOT revamp alive.

Foreclosures in five core metro Atlanta counties have caused property values to
fall, meaning property owners could overpay their taxes by as much as $367
million.

After eight months out, Lisa Borders rejoins Atlanta mayor's race.

Bill to allow clear-cutting near billboards defeated, for now.

Senate passes human embryo adoption bill.

Senate bill links road money to immigration status.

Obama aunt can stay in US until 2010 in asylum bid.

Some opinion:

Jim Wooten on some Smith & Wesson lessons for GM.

Jay Bookman on Georgia transit 'reform': If it's broke, make it worse.

From elsewhere in Georgia:

CL: The annual Golden Sleaze awards.

MDJ: Thurbert Baker's bid for governor draws criticism.

And beyond:

NYT: At summit, Obama faces calls for finance rules.

WP: Making Capitol Hill salaries easy to search.

LAT: A bipartisan group of U.S. senators says Congress is ready to pass
legislation to allow all Americans to visit Cuba.

CBS: When asked if he would leave open the option to pressure bank CEOs to
resign, Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner replied: "Of course."

For instant updates, follow me on Twitter.

http://blogs.ajc.com/political-insider-jim-galloway/2009/04/02/your-morning-jolt
-black-caucus-calls-for-governor-to-withdraw-brief-in-voting-rights-case/

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              50 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 4, 2016 Saturday

Iranian TV says BBC trying to "misrepresent truth" about ex??leader

LENGTH: 431 words


Iranian rolling news channel IRINN has said that the enemies of Iran are trying
to "misrepresent the truth" and "distort the history" about the founder of the
Islamic Republic of Iran, Imam Khomeini (Khomeyni), the rolling news channel
IRINN reported on 4 June.

"Although 37 years have passed since the victory of the Islamic Revolution led
by Imam Khomeyni (peace be upon him), enemies are still trying to misrepresent
the truth by distorting history in order to achieve certain objectives. The
recent report by the broadcasting corporation BBC that presented false claims
about the founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran is an example of the enmity
against the nation and the Islamic Revolution of Iran," the IRINN report said.

The news bulletin included Imam Khomeini's remarks about the then US president,
saying that he was "the most hated person in the wold" and that "hatred of Imam
towards the president of America is obvious in these remarks".

However, IRINN said that BBC presented things as if "the real position of Imam
at that time was not to confront America, but to cooperate with America".

The report then included excerpts from the BBC report to support the aforesaid.

IRINN reminded that BBC reported on the 27th anniversary of the demise of Imam
Khomeini that in 1963-1964, he was dishonest with people, as he sent a message
to then US President John Kennedy, vowing to support US interests in Iran.

The IRINN report also included parts of an interview with Imam Khomeini's
grandson, Hassan Khomeini, who said: "Imam was strongly honest with his people.
I think that even the enemies of Imam admit this".

According to IRINN, BBC reported that USA sent classified messages to Imam
Khomeini through his assistant, Ebrahim Yazdi, which Yazdi described it as a
"distortion of the truth".

"This is not true. Firstly, Mr Khomeini did not send a personal message to
Carter, but Carter sent a message and Mr Khomeini replied to his message," the
TV quoted Yazdi.

According to the TV, Yazdi added that in response to Carter's message, Imam
Khomeini said that Iran does not have "any enmity towards the people of
America", not "we do not have any enmity towards America".

On 1 June, BBC Persian aired a report saying that the late founder of the
Islamic Republic, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, had contacted US presidents John
Kennedy and Jimmy Carter before the 1979 revolution, assuring them that US
interests in Iran would be protected in Iran once his version of Islamic
theocratic rule was established.

Source: Islamic Republic of Iran News Network, Tehran, in Persian 0830gmt 04 Jun
16

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              National Underwriter
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                 April 9, 2007

Consumer Groups Bash Hurricane Models;Modelers defend use of shorter-term
projections during heightened storm activity

BYLINE: BY DANIEL HAYS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 888 words


Hurricane risk projections used by insurers to hike property coverage rates in
coastal states are "severely flawed," and state insurance regulators should
reject them, two consumer groups contend.

The call, directed at individual regulators and the National Association of
Insurance Commissioners, came from the Washington-based Consumer Federation of
America and the Center for Economic Justice in Austin, Texas.

This is the second time in a year that the groups have questioned insurer use of
catastrophe modeling and rating.

The organizations said computer catastrophe models developed by Risk Management
Solutions, Applied Insurance Research and EqeCat to estimate future damage from
weather events and set homeowners insurance rates have historically been based
on over 100 years of historical data.

They noted that last year, RMS announced it would dramatically increase
projected catastrophe losses in some coastal areas, based on a "near-term"
forecast of only five years.

The consumer groups said RMS explained this change was necessary because
hurricane activity over the next few years will be above the historical average.

They said this revision has led to rate increases of 25 percent in Maine, and 50
percent or more along the Gulf Coast.

"We informed the NAIC a year ago that modeling changes made by RMS would lead to
unjustified rate increases for consumers, but the NAIC and every state -- with
the exception of Florida and Georgia -- failed to act to protect consumers,"
said J. Robert Hunter, CFA's director of insurance.

"Since that time, rates have risen sharply in coastal areas, and impartial
scientists have strongly criticized the use of 'near-term' projections by RMS
and other firms that have increased estimated loss costs by up to 90 percent in
some areas," he said.  "Even one of the firms that markets catastrophic risk
models, AIR Worldwide Corp., has criticized the practice."

AIR said the press release did not misrepresent its views on projections, but it
had no further comment.

However, Mitch Sattler, vice president of public policy at RMS, responded via
e-mail that the consumer groups' letter "misrepresents the work of RMS.  The
objective risk-metrics provided by RMS models are based entirely on science, and
are in no way driven by any collusive practices or pressure to produce results
that appear to be favorable to the insurance industry."

RMS added that its model "reflects the widespread agreement among researchers
that hurricane activity in the North Atlantic has increased since 1995, and that
this period of elevated activity will last for at least another 10 years.  The
long-term historical average thus significantly underestimates the hazard posed
by hurricanes for the foreseeable future."

RMS said "there are clear limitations to models that produce a static view of
risk that relies solely on the historical long-term average.  Ignoring this
fundamental fact only steers discussion away from the vital issue of determining
the best actions for mitigation and other risk reduction measures."

RMS noted that it has submitted its hurricane model to the Florida Commission on
Hurricane Loss Projection Methodologies for approval, "and we fully expect it
will recognize the rigorous science upon which our work is based."

CEJ Executive Director Birny Birnbaum said "it is a sham for RMS to claim that
its catastrophe models are scientifically sound when they make an ad hoc
adjustment at the end of the process that doubles loss projections."

He added that "the NAIC claims the primary job of state insurance regulators is
consumer protection, but it has done nothing to protect consumers from massive
and unjustified rate hikes.  It is a sad commentary on state insurance
regulation that consumer groups have to repeatedly demand that regulators take
action to stop these dramatic and unfair increases."

Scientists and insurance experts have increasingly questioned the scientific
legitimacy of the modeling changes, according to the consumer groups.

In announcing the change last year, the consumer groups said RMS had "admitted"
the shift to a "near-term" loss projection was done in consultation with its
insurer clients.

"RMS has become a vehicle for collusive pricing," charged Mr. Hunter.  "The huge
increase in rates that ultimately occurred because of inaction by NAIC and
several states was due to pressure from insurers."

Florida, the consumer groups noted, did not allow the new model to be used by
primary insurers nor, it appears, has Georgia.  However, residents of the 16
other states along the coast have been paying higher rates solely because of the
changes adopted by RMS and other modelers, they said.

CFA and CEJ wrote the NAIC last March and again earlier this month urging it to
reject the new modeling methods and immediately increase regulation of
non-insurer organizations, whose work has a significant impact on insurance
rates and availability.

Tom Larsen, senior vice president of EqeCat, said the heightened risk in the
prospective near term over the next five-to-10 years "is very real and
dependable in the scientific community."

"Our clients are competing with bankers and other investment funds who are
already pricing risk corresponding to those near-term risks," he said, adding
that to avoid doing the same would put insurers at a competitive disadvantage.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 The National Underwriter Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                               May 4, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Conservative misunderstands message of 'Republican Brain'

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 876 words


In his recent column, Jonah Goldberg misrepresents my book The Republican Brain,
and casts unjustified aspersions on the science of ideology -- a serious and
growing field of research, though you wouldn't know it from his dismissive (and
off target) critique of a single study ("Republicans have bad brains?", The
Forum, Tuesday).

Here are some misrepresentations:

Goldberg claimed I think we're "hard-wired" to be liberal or conservative. No I
don't. What I actually say is that there appear to be both "nature" and
"nurture" influences here, acting together in a complicated dance.

Goldberg similarly claimed I think liberals and conservatives are "just born
that way." That troubling phrase appears nowhere in my book.

Goldberg claimed I think conservatives are "innately anti-fact." Wrong. I
actually argue that conservative personalities tend to be less tolerant of
ambiguity and uncertainty, while liberals are the opposite. This does make
science and liberalism natural allies, but how conservatives respond  is very
much in their own hands.

Goldberg claimed I think conservatives have "bad brains." No I don't, and again,
this inflammatory phrase appears nowhere in my book. The book lingers on many
conservative strengths, such as patriotism, loyalty and decisiveness.
Conservatives and liberals are just different, and whether that's a strength or
weakness depends heavily upon the situation.

One thing that I did claim in the book, however, was that conservatives would
grow very defensive, attack the book, and misunderstand it and misrepresent it.
Such is the trap the book sets, and Goldberg springs it perfectly. He's
exhibiting precisely the traits he seeks to deny: ideological defensiveness, a
lack of nuance, and a deeply unwarranted and overconfident sense of certainty --
in this case, certainty that the science of ideology is, in his words,
"nonsense." He's dismissing a whole field of knowledge, and scores of published
papers, with a wave of the hand.

In other words, he's proving my point.

Chris Mooney

Washington, D.C.

Even science has point of view

Once in a blue moon, I am total agreement with commentary writer  Jonah
Goldberg.  It is sophomoric to try and deduce political opinions from alleged
brain processes. Our brains provide the ability to "think," but what we "think
about" is a  separate affair.

Researchers who think they can deduce politics from neurology seem to have
forgotten a very simple fact of life. That is, scientific research requires a
thinking and deliberately evaluating observer.  Data from a scientific
experiment might be discreet and subject to replication. But what it necessarily
means in terms of everyday life is certainly subject to interpretation.

Are Republicans opposed to science? Well, no more so than liberals, depending on
whose interests are at stake. Indeed, some Republicans might oppose stem-cell
research. But liberals invented "political correctness," which is inherently
repressive and could easily cripple the free market of ideas on which science
depends.

John L. Indo

Houston

Differences are real, create rifts

Of course there are differences in the way liberals and conservatives think.

With 45 years as a priest of the Episcopal Church, I have seen that difference
drive many to leave the established church over changes in the Book of Common
Prayer (contemporary vs. traditional language), and over who may be ordained.

Some minds tend to reject change, and those individuals  react against something
new. Other folk welcome change with open arms as they enjoy the new ways.

Some congregations have left the church, but in most instances they could not
keep their property. Other parishes stay because of that fact, but continue to
follow what they call more traditional forms of worship.

Is this scientific? Of course not: It is observation, as the liturgical changes
have sent the Episcopal Church into turmoil.

The Rev. Paul C. Ostrander

Oklahoma City

Third-party candidate needed to oppose war

Columnist Al Neuharth is right to criticize President Obama for caving in to the
military industrial complex by prolonging our military occupation of
Afghanistan. It has  profited handsomely from this interminable war that has
cost us countless billions of dollars and thousands of lives ("Obama got bin
Laden; he doesn't get wars," The Forum, April 27).

But when he says Mitt Romney could win the election as the result of Obama's
failure to extricate us, he fails to note that the Republicans are even more
hawkish in raising spending for the military industrial complex and its war,
while they push  spending cuts for vital domestic job-creating programs.

What is needed is a third-party presidential candidate unwilling to pander to
the war mongers. A truly representative democracy would have such a candidate.

Anthony Lorts

Sarasota, Fla.

What about standing for peace?

So our Nobel Peace Prize-winning president not only brags about the number of
guys he has killed,  but he also has a political attack advertisement that
actually criticizes his opponent  for not being as eager to kill.

By his own count, President Obama claims 22 kills. Congratulations, Mr.
President, for not spilling any of that blood on your  peace prize. The Nobel
Committee must be very proud.

Joseph Tarantino

Northampton, Mass.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Book in question: Columnist criticizes The Republican Brain as
"pseudoscientific hogwash."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 27, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Answering a Query About Adoption and Outrage;
Needs of the Child Must Be Put First

SECTION: Section 13NJ; Page 11C; Column 6; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 299 words



To the Editor:

As an adoptive parent, I was offended by the publication of the April 13 letter
from Cecily Catherine Marangos in which she misrepresents the facts of the Baby
D case and she misrepresents adoption.

Ms. Marangos offers many details of the Baby D case. I question how she could
have this information on a case in which the records are sealed and the
presiding judge has issued a gag order on all parties involved. A very important
piece of information, which Ms. Marangos chose to omit, is that the birth father
was in jail in Virginia at the time of his child's placement with the Rev. Paul
Rack, and his wife, Valerie. The child was placed with the adoptive family, by
Catholic Charities, when he was three weeks old. He is now three and a half
years old.

Ms. Marangos characterizes adoptive parents as people treating children as
commodities, taking children away from intact, loving homes. In fact, adoptive
parents in most placements today must wait until they are chosen by a birth
family. It is the birth family that makes an adoption plan for the child through
an agency or an attorney.

Ms. Marangos' letter is an insult to the adoptive parents who have completed a
legal adoption. Once again the media misrepresents adoption by publishing a
letter that contributes to the prejudice against adoption. The numerous false
statements in Ms. Marangos' letter seek to inflame all members of the adoption
triad: parents, adoptees and adoptive parents.

Let us not forget that the most important person in this situation is the child.
We should not allow the child's best interests to be ignored. Our laws need to
put the child's best interests above the rights of the birth parents and above
the rights of the adoptive parents.


DIANE M. LISMAN
Bernardsville

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo (Phillip Greenberg for The New York Times)

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              54 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 15, 2011 Tuesday

Ed Department fires back at fake state memo on school issues

BYLINE: Sue Loughlin, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 834 words


March 15--TERRE HAUTE -- A falsified memo has been sent to Indiana public school
superintendents that misrepresents the Indiana Department of Education's views
on issues currently before the Legislature.

The false memo, on IDOE letterhead, indicated the state agency has decided "to
begin to listen to the thousands of teachers who have voiced their concerns over
collective bargaining limitations, voucher programs and evaluations based on
merit-pay rather than seniority."

The false memo, purportedly written by State Superintendent Tony Bennett, states
that "we have realized that teachers and their unions are the biggest
influencers driving student success in our schools."

The false memo takes on a conciliatory tone with teacher unions and calls for a
"democratic process of negotiation."

The falsified memo, sent electronically and dated March 13, generated the
following response from Kim Preston, IDOE communications director.

"It has come to our attention that a forged memo has been circulating in the
field. The memo appears on Indiana Department of Education (IDOE) letterhead, is
dated March 13, and purports to be from Dr. Bennett. This falsified memo,
entitled 'Response to Teachers' Protests,' deals with legislation before the
Indiana General Assembly, was sent from a gmail account, and asks administrators
to distribute to all teachers.

"We are working to quickly identify the source of this blatant attempt to
misrepresent a state agency, impersonate a public official (which we understand
could be a Class A misdemeanor, pursuant to I.C. 35-44-2-3), and deceive the
public," Preston wrote in her response.

All official IDOE communications would come from an address ending in
doe.in.gov, she said.

Preston further wrote, "This is just one more example of the lengths to which
individuals to whom the truth is not [an] obstacle will go in their attempts to
defend the status quo. It is extremely disappointing that these individuals have
resorted to scare tactics like this one during this year's legislative session.
While a small group of dishonest individuals continues to disseminate
information that is inaccurate at best (and blatantly false at worst), the IDOE
will continue its efforts to share up-to-date information on legislation and
other news with education stakeholders across the state."

The false memo states that any plan aiming to dramatically improve schools must
"take into account the real value of collective bargaining agreements between
school corporations and unions."

It also says that Senate Bill 1  "will create job insecurity for teachers who
will be evaluated on factors outside of their control. Senate Bill 575 will
limit the scope of teachers' contracts while compromising the professional
protections teachers need."

It also falsely quotes Bennett as stating that the organizations that represent
teachers "are necessary for their democratic voices to be heard in their
workplaces. This legislative session, these organizations have convinced us at
the Indiana Department of Education that there is only one road that will lead
to success: the democratic process of negotiation."

Lauren Auld, IDOE press secretary, said the false memo "is obviously
disappointing. It's obvious that someone is trying to misrepresent Dr. Bennett
and IDOE. We're taking it very seriously," she said.

IDOE is working to find out who authored the false memo, and if it learns the
identity, "We will take appropriate action" which could include prosecution,
Auld said.

The department learned about the false memo from superintendents around the
state who had received it electronically. The state responded with its own memo
to make sure superintendents and others realized it was a fabrication, Auld
said.

Vigo Schools superintendent Dan Tanoos received a copy of the original
(falsified) memo, and the IDOE memo written in response.

"Whether you agree or disagree with the state superintendent, there are limits
to people's actions," Tanoos said Monday night. "I think people are stepping
over the line when they send out misinformation and/or information that is not
under their name. That doesn't show much integrity."

While Tanoos said he doesn't agree with much of the Republican legislative
agenda in the Statehouse as it relates to education,  "There has to be some
decorum, class and dignity when we rally around these issues," he said.

He forwarded both memos to his administrators. Initially, he thought the first
memo might have represented some type of compromise between various parties,
although it didn't seem right. "Obviously, it wasn't right," Tanoos said.

Sue Loughlin can be reached at (812) 231-4235 or sue.loughlin@tribstar.com

To see more of The Tribune-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110315-TX-Ed-Department-fires-back-at-fake-state-memo-on-school-issues-0315-20
110315

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2011 The Tribune-Star


                              55 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 7, 2002 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Suing the Accountants: Vitriol and Paperwork

BYLINE:  By JONATHAN D. GLATER

SECTION: Section C; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1344 words


Who's to blame when a company runs into trouble because of concerns over its
accounting?

A court battle involving a small telecommunications company and its auditor over
that question offers a preview of the wave of disputes expected in the aftermath
of a series of corporate scandals over the last year, from Enron to WorldCom.

The telecommunications company, Carnegie International, lost its listing on the
American Stock Exchange and could not hold on to a number of clients after the
Securities and Exchange Commission raised concerns about misleading accounting.
Carnegie says its accounting firm, Grant Thornton, conducted an incompetent
audit that caused the exchange to end trading in its stock, then tried to cover
up its mistakes and delay issuing revised financial statements.

"I didn't believe an accounting firm would stoop to what they did," said Lowell
Farkas, Carnegie's chief executive.

Grant Thornton responds that Carnegie concealed fraudulent transactions that
left its accountants in the dark about the flaws. To lawyers for the accounting
firm, Carnegie is making a brazen effort to shift the blame for its own
misdeeds.

"It's the ultimate in chutzpah to misrepresent the books, misrepresent the
facts, and then turn around and sue your auditors for not discovering that you
lied to them," said Larry K. Elliott, a lawyer at Cohen & Grigsby, a Pittsburgh
law firm representing Grant Thornton.

Carnegie's suit seeking billions in damages has dragged on for more than a year.
But even though the dispute long predates the collapse of Enron, both sides are
eager to draw parallels from the two cases. Carnegie's lawyers compare Grant
Thornton to Arthur Andersen, which was convicted in June on charges that it
destroyed documents related to its audit of Enron. Grant Thornton, in turn,
likens Carnegie executives to Enron's management, which has been accused of
inflating revenue and hiding losses to pump up its stock price.

"We'll take our chances on proving they're Enron before they prove we're
Andersen," Mr. Elliott said.

The Carnegie case shows how difficult it will be to sort out the issues in the
lawsuits that more and more companies are expected to file against their
auditors. Companies want to pass on the blame -- or at least the cost of
settling shareholder suits -- and so many will inevitably sue their accountants,
said Daniel J. Kramer, a lawyer at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison in
New York.

"The environment is one where one would expect more such claims to be brought,"
Mr. Kramer said, either in court or in arbitration proceedings. Bankruptcy
filings will only worsen the situation, as creditors also decide to go after
auditors. "This is the worst environment that I can remember," he added.

Shareholder suits are to be expected for companies and auditors, but suits
brought by clients pose greater risks for both sides, said Dan L. Goldwasser, a
lawyer at Vedder, Price, Kaufman, Kammholz & Day, who often represents
accountants.

For an auditor, "those suits are particularly dangerous because they're based on
a negligence standard as opposed to fraud standard." It is easier to prove
negligence than fraud.

And from the company's perspective, Mr. Goldwasser said, "it's not a move that
you take lightly because if you sue your auditor, then your auditor's
independence is impaired, you've got to get a new auditor," and business will
suffer in the meantime.

The dispute involving Grant Thornton and Carnegie gives an idea of how risky and
costly these suits are for both sides. Carnegie, which seeks more than $2
billion in damages, spent more than $5 million on lawyers to defend itself
against shareholder suits. Its lawyers in the case against Grant Thornton are
working on a contingency fee basis.

The trial, which began last November, was sidetracked in its first week by a
disclosure that Grant Thornton had prepared a set of duplicate work papers.
Previously, an executive for the firm testified that he had deleted some of his
Carnegie files. The firm's lawyers discount the document destruction as minimal
and harmless, and say the second set of audit papers differs very little from
the copies provided for trial.

But that is just the kind of embarrassment an accounting firm wants to avoid.
Kaye Allison, the Maryland state court judge presiding, appointed a special
master to investigate the newly discovered documents. The master's report is
expected any day now, and the trial is expected to resume in the fall.

Carnegie's central contention is that Grant Thornton conducted a sloppy audit of
its 1997 and 1998 financial statements. As a result, the Securities and Exchange
Commission raised concerns about Carnegie's accounting the day after its stock
began dealings on the American Stock Exchange, which promptly halted trading.
That was April 30, 1999, and trading in Carnegie's shares never resumed on the
exchange. Since May 9, 2000, the shares have traded through the over-the-counter
bulletin board.

The company's shareholders sued, it lost business, and its revenue fell; last
year, Carnegie reported a loss of about $2 million after a much bigger loss of
$45.5 million in 2000. Carnegie filed its lawsuit against Grant Thornton in May
2000.

The dispute turns on whether Grant Thornton improperly accounted for
transactions undertaken in previous years by Carnegie, as Carnegie contends, or
whether current and former Carnegie executives engaged in shady, fraudulent
schemes using overseas affiliates to enrich themselves and inflate Carnegie's
revenue, as Grant Thornton argues.

In late 1998 or early 1999, depending on whom you believe, Carnegie transferred
the rights to sell its voice recognition software, called Mavis, to Tiller
International, which Carnegie says is a holding company based in Monte Carlo.

In exchange, Tiller pledged to obtain and return to Carnegie previously acquired
options to sell Carnegie's stock back to the company. Carnegie treated the
proceeds of the deal as operating income because after the deal, the options
would no longer constitute a future liability.

That is what set off alarms at the S.E.C., lawyers on both sides say. Before
transferring the options, known as puts, back to Carnegie, some of the companies
Tiller represented exercised call options, to purchase Carnegie stock. At that
point, the lawyers for both sides agreed, the put options should have been
treated as worthless.

By exercising the call options, investors were indicating that the market price
was higher than the price under the option, leaving the puts with no value
because there would be no reason for a buyer to force Carnegie to buy shares at
a price lower than that set in the market, explained Julia Grant, who teaches
accounting at the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western University.
"You would never put them back," she said.

Mr. Elliott, Grant Thornton's lawyer, said that the auditors did not know the
call options had been exercised, and therefore they approved -- erroneously --
treating the transfer of the puts as revenue to Carnegie. Carnegie executives
say that the auditors did know the call options were exercised, and that Grant
Thornton was trying to hide that its team had made a mistake.

In September 1999, five months after the S.E.C. raised these concerns, Carnegie
fired Grant Thornton and hired Merdinger, Fruchter, Rosen & Company as its
auditors. The new accountant approved revised 1998 financial statement and the
company's 1999 statement.

Carnegie says that Grant Thornton refused to discuss the matter during that
period or revise the 1998 financial statements. Grant Thornton in turn says
Carnegie would not disclose information about the Mavis deal and other
transactions that it needed to determine the correct accounting treatment.

In that same period, Mr. Farkas, Carnegie's chief, says his company lost
hundreds of millions of dollars as big clients like Electronic Data Systems took
their business elsewhere. The company is seeking $600 million in compensatory
damages from Grant Thornton, and $1.5 billion more in punitive damages.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              56 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Bill status of An Act prohibiting intentional misrepresentation by a business of
its location

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston: General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts has issue the
following bill status:



 Sponsors:



 Elizabeth A. Poirier

 Status:     Referred to House Committee on Bills in the Third Reading



 SECTION 1. Chapter 93 of the 2012 General Laws is hereby amended by adding the
following section:--Section 115. (a) It is hereby declared to be an unfair and
deceptive act or practice in violation of chapter 93A for any provider or vendor
of a product or service to misrepresent the geographic location of its business
by doing either of the following:(1) listing a local telephone number in a local
telephone directory listing or advertisement if each of the following is
satisfied:(i) calls to the telephone number are routinely forwarded or otherwise
transferred to a provider's or vendor's business location that is outside the
calling area covered by the local telephone directory.(ii) the listing does not
identify the true physical address, including the city and state, of the
provider's or vendor's business.(2) listing a fictitious business name or an
assumed business name in a local telephone directory listing or advertisement if
each of the following is satisfied:(i) the name misrepresents the provider's or
vendor's geographic location.(ii) the listing does not identify the true
physical address, including the city and state, of the provider's or vendors
business.(b) for purposes of this section the following terms shall have the
following meanings:"Local telephone directory", a telephone classified
advertising directory or the business section of a telephone directory that is
distributed free of charge to some or all telephone subscribers in a local area
directory."Local telephone number", a telephone number that has a three-number
prefix used by a telephone service company for telephones physically located
within the area covered by the local telephone directory in which the number is
listed.

The term shall not include long distance numbers or 800- or 900- exchange
numbers listed in a local telephone directory.







  In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                               September 21, 2007

Law firm advertising comes with rules in Colorado

BYLINE: Amy Gillentine

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 456  words


Even with the relaxed standards covering law firm advertising, every state has
ethical rules about what is allowed and what isn't.

In Colorado, the rules say the ads can't have misleading content and that
lawyers can't misrepresent themselves or their firms' successes.

"In January, we have some new rules of professional conduct," said Nancy Cohen,
chief deputy regulation counsel with the Colorado Supreme Court Office of
Attorney Regulation. "The biggest rule is that lawyers will be allowed to
practice under a trade name, as long as it doesn't misrepresent the fact they
are a private law firm. "

Currently, law firms must practice under the senior partners' names - leading to
long, confusing firm names. In 2008, they will be able to practice under names
like "Water Law of Colorado" or "Immigration Law Firm. "

When the U.S. Supreme Court approved allowing attorneys to advertise (Bates v.
Arizona, 1977), the justices left the ethics up to the state, said Will Hornsby,
general counsel for the American Bar Association.

Today, marketing professionals operate divisions within law firms, with
six-figure budgets. But they are still governed by strict guidelines, many of
which vary from state to state.

Attorney advertising has to be labeled as advertising if it could be construed
as some other means of communication, Hornsby said. On television, lawyers shown
in ads must be members of the firm and actual clients must be used in states
where testimonials are allowed.

Colorado allows testimonials, as long as they don't promise results, Cohen said.

"You can't have a client say, 'he got me a million dollars and he'll get you
that too,'" she said. "But you can say that he was great to work with, was on
time and returned phone calls. "

Following its original decision, the court also said that states could ban
client solicitation if it was made for "pecuniary gain as opposed to public
gain. "

"The ban does allow states to create exceptions: family members, other lawyers,
current or prior clients," Hornsby said. "The justification is that lawyers have
the ability to be over-reaching in their solicitations and are 'trained in the
art of persuasion. ' The combination justifies the ban of solicitations in
person, on the phone or in real-time electronic communications. "

But too many rules only hamper the profession and the consumer, said Bruce
Marcus, a marketing consultant for law firms and accountants. The ethics of good
lawyers are above reproach, he said.

"In case nobody's noticed, Bates gave us competition," he said. "It's now
ubiquitous. What's needed now is not arbitrary and rigid restrictions on
competition - that helps no one. Competition helps the consumer of legal
services, and helps - not hurts - the profession.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             May 24, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Everybody's Column

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 1142 words


Lyme disease legislation should be endorsed by all

While many of us are familiar with Lyme disease, it is less commonly known that
the disease, which is contracted by the bite from a bacteria-infected tick, can
have serious consequences.

Infection with Lyme disease bacteria can lead to early symptoms such as severe
headaches, debilitating fatigue, joint pain and skin rashes. Long-term symptoms
can lead to problems related to the central nervous system including the brain,
heart, joints and other musculoskeletal problems.

The cost to society for Lyme disease is more than $2 billion annually. New York
reported 28 percent of all cases nationwide from 1994 to 2003 and can not afford
to do nothing.

The Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Prevention, Education and Research Act of 2005
in the Senate and its companion bill in the House are up for consideration in
the Legislature this session. These bills authorize an additional $20 million a
year for the next five years. Why is Rep. Thomas Reynolds the only one not
signed on in northern and Western New York?

Connie Wojtowiez

Lancaster

***

Remove 'Catholic' label from Trocaire, Villa Maria

The biggest problem in higher education is academic dishonesty. Some students
buy term papers and submit them as if they were original. Professors fake
research to get published. The problem is even at a higher level, when colleges
misrepresent themselves to attract money or students.

Trocaire College and Villa Maria College both invited a pro-choice commencement
speaker, completely repudiating their Catholic roots. Their lack of integrity is
appalling. Both colleges ceased being Catholic years ago, but identify
themselves as Catholic for fund-raising and recruitment. They get extra money
from parents who pay Catholic school tuition for what is really a public college
education.

The issue here is not abortion, but honesty. Bishop Edward Kmiec has no
influence on these institutions, but he does supervise the Diocesan Directory.
There is no need to call them bad colleges, he needs to call them non-Catholic
colleges. Alumni should bring pressure on those colleges to publicly remove the
lingering Catholic label, since it no longer applies. Institutions that
misrepresent themselves cannot expect academic honesty from students or faculty.

Paul T. Dlugosz

Cheektowaga

***

Buffalo Bills have won two AFL championships

In his May 14 column, Donn Esmonde stated that "Buffalo has never won a major
sports championship." I suppose "never" must mean never in his lifetime. Some of
us who are a little more "seasoned" know that the Buffalo Bills won an American
Football League Championship in 1964, and followed it with another in 1965.

The American Football League was the genesis of modern professional football.
The two-point conversion, players' names on jerseys, official scoreboard clock,
network television of all league games, sharing of gate and TV revenues, and
most important, exciting wide-open football, were all legacies of the American
Football League.

The Super Bowl would not exist had it not been for the AFL, which was the only
major league ever to be merged with another without losing a franchise. The fact
that some of its owners were too weak-willed to insist that it keep its own name
after the merger did not mean that it wasn't a major league.

Esmonde falls into the unfortunate habit of many Buffalonians, who for some
reason demean our past accomplishments. Talk proud!

Angelo F. Coniglio

Amherst

***

Good luck luring tourists to Israel amid violence

The State of Israel must ensure safety before extending invitations for holiday.
What's the better family vacation spot: Walt Disney Land or Israel? Surely one
must think the former.

In the May 16 News article, "Jewish activist urges Christians to visit
Jerusalem," Linda Olmert urged travelers to consider frequenting Israel on their
next vacation. Olmert is the sister-in-law of Ehud Olmert, the newly elected
Israeli prime minister and leader of the Kadima Party.

Kadima emphasizes a unilateral strategy and lists establishing new land
boundaries and a demilitarized Palestinian neighbor within its plan of action.
The newly elected Hamas leadership in Palestine dismisses Kadima's unilateral
approach, asking for peace talks, not dictated solutions. Those sound like
fighting words.

As for the history of these neighbors, it is simply bloody. Therefore Ms. Olmert
should instead be urging support of peaceful solutions instead of inviting
tourists to a region far from my family's must-see list.

Reginald Miller

Amherst

***

Rural/Metro workers deserve a living wage

Which is the better career choice? One local taco chain offers workers $8 per
hour, while an emergency medical technician can make less than that.

The City of Buffalo makes much fanfare about being a living-wage city. Yet
Rural/Metro employees may have to go to court to sue for what the city claims
they earn -- a living wage. This would expose the city to another back-pay
lawsuit, and Rural/Metro to punitive damages. The city takes a fee from
Rural/Metro to provide a noncompetitive environment for its business.

An EMT or paramedic has to go into situations involving violence, vindictive
behavior, accident carnage, etc. A traffic accident could wipe out the career
you trained for and are always updating your training for; on top of working
60-hour work weeks because your skills are in demand.

Chris Weinert

Kenmore

***

Wheatfield is wrong site for Land of Oz project

I have given the subject of the Magical Land of Oz great thought. After review
of the online proposals, I am against the project because residents living
anywhere near the proposed Oz Park will pay the price with noise pollution,
congested traffic and a loss of the semi-rural lifestyle we have become
accustomed to. I am also concerned about:

A 1,000-foot, monolithic tower, with an observation deck. How can local air
traffic avoid this monster, within a few miles of an airport? And as far as
privacy for local residents, there will be none.

Pyrotechnics. Fireworks will be stored within a fraction of a mile from homes,
according to the plan I saw. It will be noisy every night, not just on the
Fourth of July. Who wants to hear that racket every night?

What if it's a flop? What happens if the fun park doesn't do well financially?
We'll be looking at a white elephant in Wheatfield.

Marcia A. Osuch

Wheatfield

***

Ulterior motive suspected in plan to move toll booths

I have lived here long enough to know that whenever something happens in this
town that doesn't seem to make sense, there's some personal gain involved. I'm
willing to bet that the movement of the Clarence toll barrier 11 miles to the
east has a lot more to do with a developer's wish to remove a traffic impediment
to a prospective project, thereby increasing its value, than it does with the
interests of the community at large.

David Chambers

Williamsville

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              59 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                               November 29, 2010

MISCLASSIFIED INFORMATION;
Government scrutinizing whether employees, contractors mislabeled

BYLINE: MICHELLE PARK; mpark@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 3 Vol. 31

LENGTH: 1122  words


A government crackdown on employers that misrepresent employees as independent
contractors is racking up substantial costs for some business owners and is
prompting others to reassess the way they classify workers even before
investigators come knocking.

Both federal and state bodies have ramped up efforts to identify employers who
misrepresent workers and subsequently avoid paying into such funds as state
unemployment and workers' compensation.

Though such misclassifications have been a problem on "some radar screens over
the years," laws regarding the issue were "not seriously enforced," said Ohio
Attorney General Richard Cordray. Ever-tightening state budgets, however, have
made it hard to stay passive about misclassification, which, according to a
report by the Attorney General's Office, costs the state an estimated $790
million a year in unpaid income tax revenue, workers' compensation premiums and
unemployment compensation.

Over the past two years, the Wage and Hour Division of the U.S. Department of
Labor has hired more than 350 investigators to uncover employment violations,
including misclassification. President Obama has requested $25 million in the
fiscal 2011 budget to target the issue further.

And in 2009, the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services began conducting
targeted audits - in addition to the random audits it historically has done - to
find those employers who misclassify employees as independent contractors.

In addition to the government crackdown, class action lawsuits brought against
employers accused of misclassifying employees have increased, said John
Cernelich, who co-chairs the labor and employment group at Calfee, Halter &
Griswold.

Also, U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) in April introduced the Employee
Misclassification Prevention Act, and it and a House version are pending in
committee.

All of this activity, local attorneys agree, underscores the importance of
dotting the i's and crossing the t's of employee classification.

Prepare to be audited

Some Northeast Ohio employers have been subject to state and federal employment
audits, and even those that have not are asking legal counsel to review their
classification of employees, local lawyers say.

Mark Floyd, partner and head of the employment litigation department of Walter &
Haverfield LLP, said one of his clients is appealing a finding by the U.S.
Department of Labor that it misclassified workers. The projected back pay,
penalties and interest owed by the business, which Mr. Floyd declined to
identify, total six figures, Mr. Floyd said.

"It can be devastating to small employers," he said.

David Campbell, a partner with Vorys, Sater, Seymour and Pease LLP who
concentrates on labor and employment, agreed. He's had more than five clients
investigated since 2009, including two that were found to have misclassified
employees but were later vindicated. Mr. Campbell declined to identify them.

The audit process - and appeals process, if pursued - are long and expensive,
even if companies end up not owing back pay, penalties and interest, Mr.
Campbell said.

"I see all too often, companies that are doing it right ... live for months
thinking their company will be shut down," he said.

Business sectors commonly under the misclassification microscope include
trucking, construction, manufacturing, information technology and home health
care, according to lawyers and government officials.

State selects targets

Federal and state agencies have varying reasons to investigate worker
misclassification. Between Oct. 1, 2009, and Sept. 30, 2010, the federal Wage
and Hour Division collected $2.2 million in back wages for 5,261 workers who
were misclassified in some way. Of that amount, $256,730 was collected for 415
workers in the Midwest region, which includes Ohio and nine other states.

After his election in 2008 to attorney general, Mr. Cordray convened a task
force of state agencies to better tackle the problem. As a direct result, the
Ohio Department of Job and Family Services began targeted audits in 2009.

The department completed 88 targeted audits that year and found 80 employers
that had misclassified 3,545 workers as independent contractors, spokesman Ben
Johnson said. Through September of this year, the department has completed 64
audits and found 60 employers who'd misclassified 2,045 workers. Employers have
a right to appeal.

Nearly 40% of the misclassified workers were found in less than 2.5% of the
audits, Mr. Johnson said.

"That tells you that most of the people out there are doing the right thing," he
said.

As a result of the misclassifications, the state has found it is owed back
unemployment tax of more than $468,000 for 2009 and more than $195,000 for the
current year, Mr. Johnson said.

Three degrees of cheating

Misclassification of employees as independent contractors is about more than
government pockets, though, Mr. Cordray said.

"It's doing three things," he said. "It is cheating governments out of
appropriate revenue. It is cheating law-abiding businesses (because) you are
undercutting them by violating the law. The third aspect is cheating workers
themselves."

Mr. Cordray said workers can suffer if they're laid off or injured and discover
only afterward that their employer hadn't paid into unemployment or workers'
compensation on their behalf.

Bill Hoag, president of A&H Trucking Co. in Cleveland, isn't sorry the
government is putting the hammer down.

"They should crack down on it because it's not right," said Mr. Hoag, whose
company has not been subject to an audit. He said the use of independent
contractors "is real common in the trucking business, and yes, there are people
that I think they have employees, but they're treating them as independent
contractors."

"I have to compete with somebody that's not following the rules," Mr. Hoag said.
"They're not paying the payroll taxes, they're not paying the workers' comp, and
the guy's doing the same thing my guy's doing."

Not black and white

The end of the year is commonly a time for contract renewals, and thus an
appropriate time for employers to reassess employee classification if they
haven't done so already, said attorney Mr. Cernelich.

Resources, such as the Internal Revenue Service's three-category guide, can be
helpful. Most with knowledge of the issue said an employer's control over a
worker is the dividing line.

Local attorneys agreed, however, that the issue is not black and white, and
Attorney General Cordray acknowledged the law has been "kind of confusing in
this area."

"I think we try to be sensitive to whether it is unintentional or intentional,"
he said. "But penalties are important. There are a lot of people we know who are
deliberately violating the law. There have to be penalties."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                      Copyright 2010 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 16, 2008 Saturday

Something to talk about

SECTION: NATION AND WORLD; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 299 words


Millionaire Fossett declared dead

CHICAGO - Millionaire adventurer Steve Fossett, who risked his life seeking to
set records in hightech balloons, gliders and jets, was declared dead Friday,
Feb. 15, five months after he vanished while flying in an ordinary small plane.

The self-made business tycoon, who in 2002 became the first person to circle the
world solo in a balloon, was last seen Sept. 3 after taking off in a
single-engine plane from an airstrip near Yerington, Nev., heading toward
Bishop, Calif. He was 63.

His wife, Peggy V. Fossett, had him declared legally dead in Cook County Circuit
Court as a step toward resolving the legal status of his estate.

Air Force retracts officer's statement

WASHINGTON - In an unusual statement about a senior officer, the Air Force on
Friday said Gen. Bruce Carlson had made public comments that "misrepresent" the
stance of the Air Force on a key weapon priority.

Carlson was quoted in Thursday's (Feb. 14) edition of the trade publication
Aerospace Daily as saying the Air Force was "committed to funding 380" of the
F-22 Raptor fighter aircraft, even though President Bush's 2009 budget submitted
to Congress last week limited the multiyear buy to 183 planes.

Carlson is commander of Air Force Materiel Command, which is responsible for
testing and developing new weapons. The F-22 is the Air Force's premier fight
aircraft but is viewed by some as limited in value as the U.S. military fights a
long war against international terrorism rather than against other air forces.

Late Friday afternoon, the Air Force issued a brief statement by Secretary
Michael W. Wynne and Chief of Staff Gen. T. Michael Moseley. Without naming
Carlson, it said, "recent comments by a senior Air Force officer misrepresent
the position of the Air Force" regarding the F-22.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              61 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            August 2, 2008 Saturday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Candidate ad spending up 50% from week ago

BYLINE: By Jo Mannies POST-DISPATCH POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 476 words


With Tuesday's primary elections looming, Missouri candidates and their allies
are going into overdrive with a frenzied flurry of attack ads and robo-calls.

As of Friday, contenders for statewide or congressional spots were spending
roughly $300,000 a day on TV ads alone.

That's up 50 percent from just a week ago, according to tallies by
TNSMI-Campaign Media Analysis Group, a nonpartisan firm tracking TV ad spending
for the Post-Dispatch.

The bulk of the final round of TV ad buys are on St. Louis TV stations, which
reach at least 40 percent of Missouri voters.

Many of the TV ads refer to endorsements by the Post-Dispatch and other news
outlets, or include quotes purportedly from those outlets. In some cases, the
ads appear to misrepresent the context of coverage that appeared in the
Post-Dispatch.

The biggest spender on TV ads during the last week is state Sen. Chris Koster,
one of three Democratic contenders for attorney general. He spent at least
$304,000 on ad buys, the bulk of them with St. Louis stations.

The two Republican candidates for governor - U.S. Rep. Kenny Hulshof and state
Treasurer Sarah Steelman - spent roughly $259,000 and $238,000, respectively.

Koster is the target of an ad blitz that is to begin today, also largely in St.
Louis, by a campaign committee called Missourians for Honest Leadership. The
group received $200,000 from Koster's ex-wife for an ad campaign that attacks
Koster. The ad prototype circulating on the Internet misrepresents some campaign
coverage in the Post-Dispatch by implying that the paper had accused Koster of
wrongdoing. It had not.

Meanwhile, there's also a last-minute blizzard of radio spots and automated
telephone calls, some of which are prompting controversy because they are
Republican attacks against Democrats - usually a no-no for party primaries.

Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder, a Republican, is running radio spots that harshly attack
state Rep. Sam Page, one of several Democrats seeking that party's nomination.
Page's allies contend that Kinder is trying to persuade Democrats to vote next
Tuesday against Page, the favorite of Democratic leaders.

Kinder spokesman Paul Sloca said he was running the anti-Page ads because Page
had been bashing Kinder for months. Sloca denied that Kinder was involved in an
anonymous robo-call campaign against Page that is targeting likely Democratic
voters all over the state. According to people receiving the call, its anti-Page
script is similar to Kinder's radio spots.

A similar series of robo-calls, also from an unidentified source, are being made
against state Rep. Clint Zweifel, one of several Democrats competing Tuesday for
the state treasurer nomination.

---

Stay informed

elections.stltoday.com Find complete information on issues and candidates on
Tuesday's primary ballot. STLtoday.com/info Check our database of Missouri
campaign contributions.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 14, 1998 Saturday

MOVING BEYOND THE MOVIE;
TWENTY YEARS AGO, EDMON MARTIN IMMERSED HIMSELF IN AN OBSCURE THESIS TOPIC NOW
FAMILIAR TO MILLIONS THROUGH 'AMISTAD.' HE'S HAPPY THE MOVIE HAS GENERATED SUCH
ATTENTION, BUT HE BELIEVES IT MISREPRESENTS THE CHARACTER AND ROLE OF
19TH-CENTURY ABOLITIONISTS.

BYLINE: Maja Beckstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: EXPRESS; Black History Month; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1086 words


Two decades ago, Edmon Martin wrote his dissertation on an obscure slave
rebellion. Then Hollywood discovered the topic.

Now, thanks to director Steven Spielberg and his movie "Amistad," few people
have not heard of the African captives who commandeered their slave ship and
fought a two-year legal battle for freedom all the way to the U.S. Supreme
Court.

Colleagues at United Theological Seminary in New Brighton, where Martin is
interim dean, stop him in the hallways to ask if the movie is accurate. He has
dusted off his dissertation, which was published in 1986 as a book called "All
We Want Is Make Us Free: La Amistad and the Reform Abolitionists." Last week he
lectured about the Amistad to a crowd at the Minnesota History Center.

Martin is thrilled that the movie, which has grossed more than $41 million and
this week captured four Oscar nominations, has generated public interest in what
he calls a watershed event in the history of the anti-slavery movement.

But he expresses disappointment as well. He believes the film misrepresents
19th-century abolitionists. It plays down their contributions and trivializes
their profound religious faith, he said.

"I can see why that would be congenial to contemporary American culture and why
that might sell a movie," Martin said. "But it really does misrepresent American
history ... The abolitionists were much more than stiff-laced gospel-singing
folk. They were radicals, social radicals."

According to Martin, this is the true story:

In early 1839, 49 young men, a boy and three girls of the Mende nation in west
Africa were kidnapped and loaded into the hold of a slave ship bound for Cuba.
In Havana, they were sold to two Spaniards and transferred to another ship named
La Amistad, which, ironically, means "friendship" in Spanish.

Four days out of port, the Africans revolted. They killed their captors, sparing
only two men, whom they ordered to sail them toward the rising sun, back to
Africa. The Spaniards sailed the ship east by day. But at night they headed
northwest and up the eastern coast of the United States.

United States authorities finally boarded the ship and arrested the Africans in
August 1839 just outside Long Island Sound.

U.S. President Martin Van Buren wanted to wash his hands of the affair and give
the Africans to Spain. But abolitionists seized the Amistad as a way to
demonstrate the inhumanity of slavery. They quickly mounted a legal defense and
raised money to feed and clothe the Africans.

The movie portrays one of the three abolitionists who headed the effort, a New
York merchant named Lewis Tappan (played by Stellan Skarsgard).

"Tappan held up the Africans as models of the American revolution," Martin said.
"The abolitionists were very intentional to make that connection. The logic was,
if free black Africans rise up against their enslavers, how was that different
from the revolutionary spirit of the founding fathers? Tappan and the other
abolitionists made it into an issue of human rights."

The abolitionists' position was far from popular. A few years before the Amistad
trial, Tappan's house in New York had been ransacked and his furniture burned in
the street by an angry mob. The next year his church was burned down. During the
Amistad trial, the abolitionists were branded dangerous radicals in the press.

"It wasn't unlike how a lot of churches responded to the civil rights movement
in the 1960s," Martin said.

Martin regrets that Tappan's commitment is not captured in the film. He also
takes issue with the way the movie portrays Roger Baldwin (actor Matthew
McConaughey), the lawyer who defends the Africans.

"They show him as a sort of 19th-century ambulance chaser," Martin said. In
reality, Baldwin was a longtime abolitionist who, with Tappan, had led a failed
attempt to start a school for free blacks in New Haven. He later became governor
of Connecticut.

Martin cites other factual liberties. The movie portrays former President John
Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins, Oscar nominee for best actor) as reluctant to
argue the case before the Supreme Court. In reality, Adams had been interested
in the case from the beginning. Tappan did not want him involved because he did
not consider Adams fervent enough in his denunciation of slavery.

After Adams won the Supreme Court case, the abolitionists raised the money to
send the Mende back home to Africa along with five missionaries, two black
Americans and two white Americans. The abolitionists formed their own missionary
association because no other group would agree to refuse donations from slave
owners.

The association went on to found black churches in the United States and more
than 300 schools in the South for freed slaves, Martin said.

Over the years, the Amistad event became largely forgotten outside
African-American institutions and the United Church of Christ, the successor to
the New England congregational churches.

But now that the movie has firmly planted the Amistad in the public eye, Martin
thinks it is here to stay. A replica of the Amistad ship is being built at
Mystic Seaport, a maritime museum in Connecticut. It also has inspired an opera,
and Twin Cities author and Macalester professor Alexs Pate has written a novel
based on the movie.

Martin predicts historians will revisit the event and new dissertations and
books will be written on its significance.

As for Martin, he had thought about revising and reprinting his book. But he
doubts he will get to it. He is busy teaching worship and religious history and
investigating his most recent interest, theology in the revolutionary art of
Nicaragua.

But he always will hold a special place in his heart for the Amistad.

"I've never gotten tired of this story," he said. "And that's more than many
people can say about their dissertation topic."

TO LEARN MORE

"Mutiny on the Amistad" (1987), by Howard Jones, gives a detailed account of the
Amistad court case and its impact on the American abolitionist movement, law and
diplomacy.

Mystic Seaport, the Museum of America and the Sea, in Mystic, Conn., has created
a comprehensive Web site on the Amistad case, complete with a library of news
articles from 1839, a guide to reading 19th-century newspapers, John Quincy
Adams' diary entries and letters written by the African defendants.
www.amistad.mysticseaport.org

Related Article

Twin Cities author Alexs Pate's novelized version of the movie "Amistad" is a
paperback best seller. Page 10D

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos
1) Captive slaves are put to trial for rebellion aboard the ship in
Steven Spielberg's movie "Amistad."
2) Craig Borck, Pioneer Press
Edmon Martin, now interim dean at United Theological Seminary in New
Brighton, is pleased with the current attention being given to an
obscure slave rebellion, the topic of his student disseratation and
now Steven Spielberg's movie "Amistad."
Drawing
This Hale Woodruff mural, from the Savery Library at Talladega
College, is called "Trial of the Amistad Captives."

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday

Sex abuse victim rejects claims by cardinal on homosexuality

BYLINE: PATSY McGARRY Religious Affairs Correspondent

SECTION: IRELAND; Other Stories; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 290 words


REMARKS EARLIER this week by Vatican secretary of state Cardinal Tarcisio
Bertone linking homosexuality and paedophilia have been condemned by Dublin
clerical child sex abuse victim Andrew Madden as an attempt  by the Catholic
Church to dishonestly misrepresent medical opinion .

The church was doing this  to avoid taking responsibility for its own actions
and inactions in covering up the sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests,
he said.

In 1995 Mr Madden was the first person in Ireland to go public about his abuse
as a child by a priest. He had been an altar boy in Dublin s Cabra parish during
the 1980s when he was abused by the then Fr Ivan Payne.

He was responding last night to comments made in Chile on Monday by Cardinal
Bertone who said  many psychologists and psychiatrists have shown that there is
no link between celibacy and paedophilia but many others have shown, I have
recently been told, that there is a relationship between homosexuality and
paedophilia .

Speaking  as someone who was sexually abused as a child and who is a gay man
today , Mr Madden said  this is not the first time the Catholic Church has
attempted to blame a small and marginalised section of society for the actions
of priests who sexually abused young boys and girls and the bishops who covered
up for them.

He continued:  Nor is it the first time we have seen members of the Catholic
hierarchy misrepresent to the public, the views of the medical profession.

For many years members of the Catholic hierarchy claimed that they only
reassigned priests who had abused children on receipt of medical advice to the
effect that it was safe to do so.

The Ferns, Murphy, Philadelphia, Boston reports and others, show that claim to
be untrue,  he added.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 8, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Duties of Office Appear Up for Debate

BYLINE: Steve Vogel, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B05

LENGTH: 1116 words


Maryland attorney general candidate Stuart O. Simms, in the words of opponent
Douglas F. Gansler, is an "accidental candidate" who has "no vision" of what he
would do with the post. Gansler, as Simms sees it, should be running for
sheriff, not attorney general.

The sharp words reflect a race in which the two candidates seeking the
Democratic nomination in Tuesday's primary offer conflicting visions of how they
would approach the office being vacated by Democrat J. Joseph Curran Jr., who is
retiring after 20 years.

Gansler, 43, Montgomery County's top prosecutor, has outlined an activist role,
emphasizing the law enforcement aspects of the job and promising to crack down
on gangs and Internet predators.

At a campaign event Tuesday, where he was endorsed by the Maryland League of
Conservation Voters, Gansler outlined a program to protect the Chesapeake Bay
through tougher law enforcement and an "environmental audit" to find sources of
pollution.

"I do view the office as a law enforcement position, but not only in the
criminal context," he said citing the environmental initiative and plans to
protect workers and consumers.

Simms, 56, a Baltimore lawyer and former state Cabinet official, says his
primary focus would be representing the state in civil law matters. "The job is
not to be simply a prosecutor," he said. "I'm not sure if he understands,
misrepresents or just doesn't know the full range" of the attorney general's
post, he said of Gansler.

Gansler's admirers say he would be a crusader in the mold of New York Attorney
General Elliot Spitzer, who has used the post to clean up Wall Street and hold
power plants accountable.

Former Maryland governor Parris N. Glendening (D), who endorsed Simms on
Wednesday, said the state constitution and statutory law prescribe a more
limited role for Maryland's attorney general than what Gansler envisions. "It's
not completely straightforward to say you're going to do this or that,"
Glendening said.

Gansler's reference to Simms as "the accidental candidate" stems from the fact
that Simms first ran for lieutenant governor with gubernatorial hopeful Douglas
M. Duncan, Montgomery County executive. When Duncan dropped out of the race in
June, Simms filed for attorney general.

Simms said he had long been interested in the job but didn't consider running
until Curran announced his retirement in May.

He said he would be active, within the bounds of the constitutional role. "I
didn't seek this job to be a potted plant or to sit in my office in a
button-down shirt and twiddle my thumbs," he said. "But what I'm not going to do
is misrepresent the office or try to be a sheriff for the state."

In 1983, Kurt L. Schmoke, then Baltimore's prosecutor, tapped Simms to be his
deputy. When Schmoke was elected mayor in 1987, Simms was appointed state's
attorney. He won reelection twice. Schmoke described Simms as quietly effective.
"He's a fullback, not a quarterback," Schmoke said. "He works hard and is
steady, but he's aggressive and tough."

Simms's tenure was not without controversy. In 1993, a grand jury criticized
Simms and Schmoke for advising police not to pursue a drug-related search
warrant against a politically connected suspect. An investigation by Maryland's
state prosecutor found that Simms broke no law. But the flap reportedly cost
Simms a chance for an appointment in the Clinton administration, according to
news accounts.

Instead, Glendening selected him in 1995 to be secretary of juvenile justice and
two years later put him in charge of Public Safety and Correctional Services,
overseeing nearly 12,000 employees and a $900 million budget.

While he was corrections chief, guards were accused of beating teenagers at
several youth boot camps. The camps were shut down, and the state ended up
paying $4.6 million to settle lawsuits filed by those injured.

"The positions he held are very difficult jobs," Glendening said. "He was just
unflappable. A crisis would come up and he'd resolve it."

After several years in private practice, Gansler worked as a federal prosecutor
in the District for eight years, successfully prosecuting a high-ranking
diplomat who killed a 16-year-old girl in a 1997 drunken-driving accident in
Dupont Circle.

"He's one of the best prosecutors that I had," said Eric H. Holder Jr., who was
then the U.S. attorney for the District. "Real high energy level, real dogged,
attentive to detail, sensitive to the victims. A guy who had real good
instincts."

After winning the state's attorney's job in 1998, Gansler instituted a program
of community-based prosecution, in which prosecutors are assigned to specific
neighborhoods to increase responsiveness.

Gansler's tenure has won high marks from some of his fellow state's attorneys in
Maryland, among them Republican Richard D. Fritz of St. Mary's County. "He's
tough on crime," Fritz said. "He's done everything to protect the people of
Montgomery County."

But that zeal has opened Gansler to criticism. He drew the ire of Justice
Department officials with his insistence that Washington area snipers John Allen
Muhammad and Lee Boyd Malvo be tried in Montgomery after they were arrested in
October 2002. Instead, they were first tried and convicted in Virginia.

When Gansler brought the pair back to Maryland this year, some critics accused
him of wasting money to further his political ambitions. Others said that
Muhammad's trial helped bring the community some closure.

Simms has hit Gansler hard for a reprimand by the state Court of Appeals in 2003
for statements he made to reporters about two murder cases, comments the court
said were prejudicial to the suspects. In a campaign mailing this week, Simms
accused Gansler of being more interested in "mugging for the cameras" than in
prosecuting criminals.

Gansler has defended his actions as showing a commitment to "open government."

"Sure, he's ambitious," Holder said. "But he's a substantive guy with ideas."

A third Democrat, Montgomery County Council member Tom Perez, was knocked off
the ballot late last month after the Court of Appeals ruled that he did not meet
a constitutional requirement that attorney general candidates must have
practiced law in the state for 10 years. Some Perez supporters have questioned
whether Gansler meets that standard.

Gansler dismissed that notion, saying his 17 years as a member of the Maryland
Bar in private and public office meet the requirement. Dan Friedman, a state
constitution expert at the University of Maryland Law School, agreed: "Bar
membership should be a sufficient indicator that a candidate has practiced law
in the state. Therefore, Gansler would be constitutionally eligible."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              65 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 10, 2012 Friday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Nav Inquirer Opinion; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 753 words



Most important thing about Iran

A military attack on Iran's nuclear program is fraught with hazards, as Trudy
Rubin correctly notes ("Israeli strike on Iran: Why we should worry," Sunday).
But assertions by American officials that "the most important thing is to keep
the international community unified" are mistaken. The "most important thing" is
keeping nuclear weapons out of the hands of Iran before nuclear devices explode
in American cities, or a high-altitude nuclear explosion severely damages our
electronic infrastructure.

Iran has backed lethal terrorist attacks against Americans in Iraq, the United
States, and elsewhere. Some believe it is working on missiles capable of
reaching the United States, which Iranian leaders refer to as the "Great Satan."
Those leaders are less likely to be dissuaded from making nuclear weapons if
convinced we are more concerned with process than the result.

John R. Cohn, Philadelphia

Should focus on workers being fired

The front-page article Tuesday, "Hahnemann boosts use of registered nurses in
bid to improve care," wrongly focused on the novelty of Hahnemann University
Hospital's new for-profit nursing plan while misrepresenting the probable impact
on the quality of patient care and the abhorrent fact that some 124 hardworking
men and women are about to lose their jobs.

Since Tenet, a for-profit, Texas-based corporate giant, bought Hahnemann, the
corporation has closed the Medical College of Pennsylvania Hospital and closed
Graduate Hospital. At Hahnemann, the corporation has outsourced the dietary and
patient-escort services, and eliminated all of Hahnemann's licensed practical
nurses.

Now Tenet wants to cut out Hahnemann's caregivers, the workers who bathe,
soothe, and feed patients, the workers always on hand to nurture patients back
to health, the workers who do the jobs others don't. The loss of these jobs
would be a devastating blow to these men and women whose families need their
income to put food on their tables. We believe that patients will suffer.

District 1199C of the National Union of Hospital and Health Care Employees is
resisting. We're fighting Hahnemann's plan to fire the entire staff of nursing
assistants. We are fighting for quality patient care.

Henry Nicholas, President, District 1199C, National Union of Hospital and Health
Care Employees AFSCME, AFL-CIO, Philadelphia

Cartoon misrepresents Africa

I take issue with the Tom Stiglich cartoon that contrasts a starving African
with the excesses of the Wing Bowl (Feb. 3). While bloated overconsumption and
waste, typified by the Wing Bowl in a petty and insignificant way, are
desperately serious matters, Stiglich's image misrepresents Africa.

Far too many Americans are unaware that Africa is not a country but the world's
second-largest continent, a variegated mosaic of 50-plus nations. Any unitary
view of Africa reinforces this lack of knowledge.

And the stereotype of starving Africans is largely untrue. In the Horn of
Africa, due to drought and conflict, and in part of the Sahel, due to drought,
hunger is critically high right now. But the basic problem even in these
locations is not lack of food, but many households' inability to afford food.
One can readily observe poverty causing food insecurity in many places,
including the United States.

India, vaunted as an economic modernization success story, has a higher
malnutrition rate than sub-Saharan Africa. Ghana's GDP is expanding at 12 to 14
percent, and many other African countries are making solid progress in gradually
creating a middle class.

Please don't glibly perpetuate wrong impressions of Africa.

Chris Surowiec, Lower Gwynedd

Mangling data on liquor privatization

No matter how Antony Davies and other privateers mangle data compiled by the
nonpartisan and universally respected U.S. Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, the fact is that a panel of CDC experts has recommended against
privatization of retail sale of alcohol ("Ignore alcohol-sales fairy tale," Feb.
3).

The CDC's Task Force on Community Preventive Services cited strong evidence from
21 different studies that say that privatization results in increased per-capita
alcohol consumption. In April 2011, the task force pointed to "excessive
evidence" that the result is "excessive consumption, which is one of the leading
causes of preventable death and disability."

Case closed.

Wendell W. Young IV, president, United Food and Commercial Workers Local 1776;
chair, UFCW of PA Wine and Spirits Council, Plymouth Meeting


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 8, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Approaches to Office Appear Up for Debate;
Role of Activist vs. Legal Representative

BYLINE: Steve Vogel, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B09

LENGTH: 1124 words


Maryland attorney general candidate Stuart O. Simms, in the words of opponent
Douglas F. Gansler, is an "accidental candidate" who has "no vision" of what he
would do with the post. Gansler, as Simms sees it, should be running for
sheriff, not attorney general.

The sharp words reflect a race in which the two candidates seeking the
Democratic nomination in Tuesday's primary offer conflicting visions of how they
would approach the office being vacated by Democrat J. Joseph Curran Jr., who is
retiring after 20 years.

Gansler, 43, Montgomery County's top prosecutor, has outlined an activist role,
emphasizing the law enforcement aspects of the job and promising to crack down
on gangs and Internet predators.

At a campaign event Tuesday, where he was endorsed by the Maryland League of
Conservation Voters, Gansler outlined a program to protect the Chesapeake Bay
through tougher law enforcement and an "environmental audit" to find sources of
pollution.

"I do view the office as a law enforcement position, but not only in the
criminal context," he said citing the environmental initiative as well as plans
to protect workers and consumers.

Simms, 56, a Baltimore lawyer and former state Cabinet official, says his
primary focus would be representing the state in civil law matters. "The job is
not to be simply a prosecutor," he said. "I'm not sure if he understands,
misrepresents or just doesn't know the full range" of the attorney general's
post, he said of Gansler.

Gansler's admirers say he would be a crusader in the mold of New York Attorney
General Elliot Spitzer, who has used the post to clean up Wall Street and hold
power plants and pharmaceutical companies accountable.

Former Maryland governor Parris N. Glendening (D), who endorsed Simms on
Wednesday, said the state constitution and statutory law prescribe a more
limited role for Maryland's attorney general than what Gansler envisions. "It's
not completely straightforward to say you're going to do this or that,"
Glendening said.

Gansler's reference to Simms as "the accidental candidate" stems from the fact
that Simms first ran for lieutenant governor with gubernatorial hopeful Douglas
M. Duncan, Montgomery County executive. When Duncan dropped out of the race in
June, Simms filed for attorney general.

Simms said he had long been interested in the job but didn't consider running
until Curran announced his retirement in May.

He said he would be active, within the bounds of the constitutional role. "I
didn't seek this job to be a potted plant or to sit in my office in a
button-down shirt and twiddle my thumbs," he said. "But what I'm not going to do
is misrepresent the office or try to be a sheriff for the state."

In 1983, Kurt L. Schmoke, then Baltimore's prosecutor, tapped Simms to be his
deputy. When Schmoke was elected mayor in 1987, Simms was appointed state's
attorney. He won reelection twice. Schmoke described Simms as quietly effective.
"He's a fullback, not a quarterback," Schmoke said. "He works hard and is
steady, but he's aggressive and tough."

Simms's tenure was not without controversy. In 1993, a grand jury criticized
Simms and Schmoke for advising police not to pursue a drug-related search
warrant against a politically connected suspect. An investigation by Maryland's
state prosecutor found that Simms broke no law. But the flap reportedly cost
Simms a chance for an appointment in the Clinton administration, according to
news accounts.

Instead, Glendening selected him in 1995 to be his secretary of juvenile
justice, and two years later he put him in charge of Public Safety and
Correctional Services, overseeing nearly 12,000 employees and a $900 million
budget.

While he was corrections chief, guards were accused of beating teenagers at
several youth boot camps. The camps were shut down, and the state ended up
paying $4.6 million to settle lawsuits filed by those injured.

"The positions he held are very difficult jobs," Glendening said. "He was just
unflappable. A crisis would come up and he'd resolve it."

After several years in private practice, Gansler worked as a federal prosecutor
in the District for eight years, successfully prosecuting a high-ranking
diplomat who killed a 16-year-old girl in a 1997 drunken-driving accident in
Dupont Circle.

"He's one of the best prosecutors that I had," said Eric H. Holder Jr., who was
then the U.S. attorney for the District. "Real high energy level, real dogged,
attentive to detail, sensitive to the victims. A guy who had real good
instincts."

After winning the state's attorney's job in 1998, Gansler instituted a program
of community-based prosecution, in which prosecutors are assigned to specific
neighborhoods to increase responsiveness.

Gansler's tenure has won high marks from some of his fellow state's attorneys in
Maryland, among them Republican Richard D. Fritz of St. Mary's County. "He's
tough on crime," Fritz said. "He's done everything to protect the people of
Montgomery County."

But that zeal has opened Gansler to criticism. He drew the ire of Justice
Department officials with his insistence that Washington area snipers John Allen
Muhammad and Lee Boyd Malvo be tried in Montgomery after they were arrested in
October 2002. Instead, they were first tried and convicted in Virginia. .

When Gansler brought the pair back to Maryland this year, some critics accused
him of wasting money to further his political ambitions. Others said that
Mohammad's trial helped bring the community some closure.

Simms has hit Gansler hard for a reprimand by the state Court of Appeals in 2003
for statements he made to reporters about two murder cases, comments the court
said were prejudicial to the suspects. In a campaign mailing this week, Simms
accused Gansler of being more interested in "mugging for the cameras" than in
prosecuting criminals.

Gansler has defended his actions as showing a commitment to "open government."

"Sure, he's ambitious," Holder said. "But he's a substantive guy with ideas."

A third Democrat, Montgomery County Council member Tom Perez, was knocked off
the ballot late last month after the Court of Appeals ruled that he did not meet
a constitutional requirement that attorney general candidates must have
practiced law in the state for 10 years. Some Perez supporters have questioned
whether Gansler meets that standard.

Gansler dismissed that notion, saying his 17 years as a member of the Maryland
Bar in private and public office meet the requirement. Dan Friedman, a state
constitution expert at the University of Maryland Law School, agreed: "Bar
membership should be a sufficient indicator that a candidate has practiced law
in the state. Therefore, Gansler would be constitutionally eligible."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              67 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            October 16, 2012 Tuesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

YOUR VIEWS - LETTERS FROM OUR READERS OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1241 words

DATELINE: 0


Who is responsible for investing money with Madoff?

In the editorial "Zweifel for treasurer" (Oct. 12), Mr. Zweifel was praised for
telling the public that the state's largest retirement fund had lost $3.5
million that had been invested with fraudulent financier Bernie Madoff. "So Mr.
Zweifel did the right thing. He told the public the truth. That move took
political courage and demonstrated leadership."

We however are not told whether he was involved in the selection to purchase
shares of this Ponzi scheme. Also, what is to be done with regard to those who
chose this scheme, causing the loss of millions of dollars to the hard-working
members of the State Employees Retirement System? When will they be relieved of
their positions and what penalties will be assessed?

How often have we seen in columns in your paper and on TV put forth the
following basic tenet "If sounds too good to be true, it probably isn't."

Edward Wolfe - Kirkwood

Let the woman choose, not the government

In response to Dette Reh ("Abortion doesn't solve our problems," Oct. 13), I
would say the following: If a woman wants to have a child conceived in a rape,
it should be her choice. Will all of us be there for her and that child
throughout their lives? It should be between that woman and her belief in what
is best for her and her family. The government should not impose that "noble"
decision on the individual.

Donna Rogers-Beard - University City

Letters misrepresent facts about Peabody Energy

I was disturbed to read a series of letters to the editor in the Post-Dispatch
that misrepresent facts about Peabody Energy, a major employer at a time when
unemployment is high and America's economy is stalled.

Peabody is the world's largest coal company, and one reader accused Peabody of
mountaintop removal mining. The truth is Peabody doesn't operate mines that
engage in mountaintop removal mining. But Peabody does win plenty of
environmental awards, taking home more than 30 global awards for safety,
corporate, environmental and social responsibility last year alone.

Another called for greater financial disclosure for the Prairie State Energy
Campus, a major coal plant in Washington County, Ill., that Peabody championed.
Prairie State is not-for-profit and has been one of the most transparent
projects of its kind. Eight owners of the campus are public power and electric
cooperatives. So, city councils and other governing bodies of participating
communities have been deeply involved in decision-making.

Yet another writer claims that our region would be better off speculating on the
open market for energy rather than investing in a stable source of power that
could last 30 years. While Prairie State is forecast to reach an all-in cost of
$50-$55 per megawatt hour, spot market prices in 2012 swung wildly and exceeded
$1,000 per megawatt hour at times. Flipping a switch shouldn't be like turning a
roulette wheel.

These writers are right about one thing: We need to plan wisely to "keep the
lights on." One local company is advocating just that, while these letter
writers seem to want to keep us all in the dark.

Ray McCarty - Jefferson City President/CEO, Associated Industries of Missouri

Biden was rude to Ryan and the TV audience

I wanted to watch a debate Thursday night, instead all I saw was Joe Biden's
face on the screen laughing, sneering, rolling his eyes. It was so distasteful
to me that I just had to walk away from the program.

Also, it was so irritating when asked a question he just didn't answer directly
but went off rambling about something else. Please, Mr. Biden, just answer the
question!

Joe Biden was rude, disrespectful not only to Paul Ryan but to the television
audience.

Carol Costigan - Creve Coeur

Coverage on Libya attack is shameful

Even now the Post-Dispatch ignores the news on the terrorist murders of our
ambassador and three other Americans in Libya. Each day we learn more of the
details and news that have occurred, and this newspaper still hasn't reported,
or investigated. What does it take? Your husband, son, father being murdered?

Reasonable people know full well this would be front page news daily if there
was a Republican in the White House. The American people deserve to know the
truth as it is revealed and investigated.

Your platform implies you will never tolerate corruption, always fight
demagogues of all parties, always be drastically independent. Have all those
reporters been laid off, early retired, just gone?

Clearly this is a huge example of why the people in your distribution area are
leaving subscribing, as finding the complete news is possible in so many other
ways. Your independent reporting is shameful.

Claudia Ochonicky - St. Louis County

Bring back St. Charles' sugar plum fairy

Born, raised and educated in St. Charles County, with degrees in marketing and
human resources, I can respectfully recommend to the mayor, commissioners and
the Visitors & Convention Bureau two clear-cut opportunities to repair the
public image cratering created by its handling of last year's Christmas
Traditions sugar plum fairy fiasco.

1. The public needs a sign of good faith: Immediately reinstate original fairy
actress Laura Coppinger. Award her additional pay for enduring the sudden thrust
into the national spotlight with remarkable grace and professionalism. Designate
her the grandmistress of the Christmas Traditions opening day festivities and
parade Nov. 12.

2. Restore the public trust. End the employments of those responsible for the
actress's unceremonious and arbitrary dumping. Include the drug testing center
desk clerk and the special events coordinator and director of economic
development and tourism. The latter personnel must be held accountable. They are
hired for a single purpose: to promote and maintain a strong, positive image of
the city to visitors and business owners, period. Their sledgehammer response to
a clearly trivial issue produced the exact opposite effect, and the predictable
backlash: Overnight, Historic Main Street, along with the city's hotel and
hospitality industry, paid the price as an object of not only local but
nationwide ridicule and scorn.

Moral of the story to the powers that be: If you genuinely care about the area
merchants, if not the good citizens of St. Charles and the city's reputation to
boot, take the high road and do the right thing.

Christopher J. Skillington - West Palm Beach, Fla.

Romney will ruin economy like Bush did

When Bill Clinton left office the federal budget was balanced. People were
making 10 percent in the stock market using a dartboard to select stocks. Things
were pretty rosy.

Between 2000 and 2008, George W. Bush's policies put this country's financial
situation into freefall. He increased spending and cut taxes. A perfect formula
for an incredible disaster.

Against all odds, including a hostile congressional environment, Obama's
policies have managed to stave off that disaster. Yes, it could have been way
worse.

There is much complaining about all those freeloaders on the dole. Let me remind
you, senior citizens living in subsidized housing, drawing Social Security and
using Medicare for health insurance. If these programs are put in jeopardy, so
are you.

Romney is promising to cut taxes, reduce the deficit and increase military
spending. Financial experts agree it can't be done. Bottom line is if you liked
what George W. did to the economy, you're going to love it if Romney is elected.

Nolan Capp - St. Peters

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          Alameda Journal (California)

                       March 8, 2002 Friday FINAL EDITION

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 2115 words


Proud to be an African-American

Last month was Black History Month. Here are some of the African-Americans who
have made outstanding contributions to American and world cultures.

Aug. 19, 1954: Ralph Bunche, diplomat, UN undersecretary general; Jan. 7, 1955:
Marian Anderson, first black opera singer; July 6, 1957: Althea Gibson, at
Wimbledon, first black U.S. tennis champion; May 4, 1959: Ella Fitzgerald, jazz
singer, and Count Basie, bandleader, first blacks to win Grammy awards; Sept. 2,
3, 1960: Wilma Rudolph wins three gold medals at Rome Olympics; Jan. 22, 1962:
Jackie Robinson, first black Baseball Hall of Fame inductee; Dec. 10, 1964: The
Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., youngest man ever to receive the Nobel Peace Prize;
Aug. 30, 1983: Lt. Col. Guion S. Bluford Jr., first black American in space;
Sept. 21, 1990: Colin Powell, first black U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman;
Sept. 12, 1992: Mae Jemison, first black woman in space on space shuttle
Endeavor; Oct. 1994: Beverly Harvard, police chief, Atlanta, first woman to head
a major U.S. police force; Dec. 12, 1995: Jesse Jackson Jr. elected to U.S.
House of Representatives from Illinois; June 22, 1996: J. Paul Reason, first
black four-star admiral; July and Aug. 1, 1996: Michael Johnson, first man to
win 200/400 meter sprints at Atlanta Olympic games; April 13, 1997: Tiger Woods,
first black to win Master's Golf Tournament at Augusta, Ga.; Jan. 20, 2001:
Colin Power, first black U.S. Secretary of State.

I am so proud to be an American of African descent.

Ora Bell Randolph

Alameda

Letter misrepresents ATC position

In his letter ("Appezzato has done little to curb traffic," Feb. 22), William
Smith misrepresents the position of the Alameda Transportation Coalition (ATC)
by saying that we have "concluded (that Mayor Ralph Appezzato) remains
fundamentally hostile to alternative transportation modes, including transit,
bicycling and walking."

In fact ATC has not taken any position on the mayor's (or any elected
official's) actions or beliefs about transit, cycling or walking.

While William Smith is a member of our coalition, his statements about the mayor
are entirely his own. He has since apologized to ATC for his "poor judgment" in
misrepresenting our organization as he did.

The ATC regrets any harm that his mis-statement may have caused.

The mission of the ATC is to bring about comprehensive, sustainable and
effective transportation solutions in and around the City of Alameda. We are
working to create a cleaner, healthier and safer community by expanding the
availability and convenience of non-automotive transportation options. These
include walking, bicycling, mass transit and other alternatives to
single-occupancy vehicle trips.

We look forward to working with anyone who shares our goals. The city of Alameda
needs far better transportation options than those that we now have. We hope
everyone will join us to bring safer streets, cleaner air and better
transportation management to Alameda.

Jon M. Spangler

Alameda Transportation Coalition

No to Bible school

Please oppose the development of the enormous Chinese Bible School on Harbor Bay
Isle.

With up to 3,000 students, a baseball field, a football and soccer field, a
150,000 square-foot school, plus a 28,500 square-foot church, this 17-acre
school will greatly increase traffic problems and confusion.

The routes to and from this site are already too busy.

This site would be far better used for a business with much less personnel.

Attend the City Council meeting March 19 at 7 p.m. in City Hall, when the
council is scheduled to vote on this project.

Clarice Minot

Alameda

Tax is unfair

As a senior citizen, single women and local businesswomen, I am very concerned
about this proposed property tax. The rental market is very expensive here and
this will only increase the rents here.

My health plan does not allow me to use the hospital, so why should I pay for
someone else to use it? I also am not in favor of subsidizing people from out of
Alameda who use the hospital.

I don't support property owners being the only ones responsible for this tax. I
am also concerned that if the hospital closes, the tax will not go away.

Betty Sewell

Alameda

Imagine if there were no Alameda Hospital

Imagine waking in the middle of the night with crushing chest pain? How quickly
do you want relief? As soon as possible, of course.

The closer to an ER you are, the faster your relief and the more heart muscle
you will save! The promptness in receiving a clot-buster decreases your chances
of a debilitating heart attack. Time is muscle! If Alameda Hospital is not there
for you, you risk delays in crossing bridges and the tube and the possibility of
being diverted to an ER farther away due to increasing overloads.

Imagine your child is playing at the park and falls, hits his or her head and is
unconscious.

How quickly do you want treatment? Do you want to go to an ER within five
minutes away or 30 minutes away, depending on traffic? The faster your child
gets a head scan, the faster the appropriate treatment will be initiated. Time
is of the essence.

As presented at the LAFCO hearing in January by the Alameda Fire Department, if
Alameda Hospital closes, there is the possibility that taxes will increase to
cover the cost of ambulance service for transportation to other facilities off
the island. There are a lot of ways to pay for health care and 80 cents per day
is a lot cheaper than risking damaging heart muscle or the life of a child.

Less than the cost of basic cable per month or a cup of coffee per day. Loved
ones' health care is surely worth it!

Some say they never use Alameda's ER due to other insurance coverage, but in an
emergent situation, you will be directed there, if it is there. The issue is,
when you live on an island, you must have access to emergency care. By
California law, the only way to maintain an ER is if there is a hospital also to
admit when necessary. So if Alameda Hospital goes, there will be no emergency
facility on the island. Are you willing to risk the lives of yourself and your
loved ones?

Megan Sary, CCU, RN

Alameda

Free press equals propaganda

There is a new office created after the towers fell. It is called the Office of
Strategic Information. This is a branch of our federal government set up to lie
to the world press about anything we are doing, an official ministry of
propaganda in Washington, D.C.

The first lie they purport is that America has a free press. Our so-called free
press is so gagged and bound that it is a laughingstock in the rest of the
world.

Does anyone remember the concert that occurred four days after Sept. 11? You
could not find a cable station on the dial that did not run it. It was no
coincidence. It was the FCC exercising the new OSI regulations of complete
control of the media. It happened four days after 9/11 and it has not diminished
one iota, but has only tightened.

The government is announcing it openly. Such arrogance goes beyond the pale. The
only countries that could possibly match this arrogance were Hitler's Germany,
and South Africa. What is this country turning into? Have the terrorists won?

Until the American public is allowed to have the truth, we will never know, "why
they hate us." This is the question of the year.

Dave White

Alameda

Conflict of interest

This letter is in response to the letter of William Smith, co-chairman, Sierra
Club Environmental Justice Committee (Feb. 22). Smith alleged Mayor Appezzato is
somehow responsible for "gridlocked intersections all over Alameda."

Mr. Smith didn't write about the recent $2,000 he received in Sierra Club funds
for a housing poll which is the beginning of an effort to build more 'compact'
housing in Alameda. Developers gave Smith an additional amount of money for this
purpose.

The intent of the poll is to eliminate or cripple Measure A. Those who lived in
Alameda at the time Measure A passed also remember the beauty of the Havana
style apartments which were serendipitously placed in neighborhoods with
Victorians and more modest single family homes. Most of these wonderful
apartments are showing their age due to cheap construction and design.

How can Smith justify the money of the Sierra Club donors who thought their
money would be used for the mission of the Sierra Club and not outside
developers? It's a clear conflict of interest.

Noel W. Folsom

Alameda

Undemocratic way

Alameda's local election contests have always seemed to have the small town
charm of the city itself, relatively low budget, more issues-based and less
slick than the broader electoral contests. Sadly that seems to have changed in
the latest campaign for county supervisor.

The hit piece I received from Ralph Appezzato's campaign on the last Saturday of
the campaign is the dirtiest piece of campaign literature I have seen in my
admittedly short history in Alameda.

It is sad because Appezzato throughout his tenure as mayor and councilmember has
stood for tolerance and the promotion of diversity in our community. After the
terrorist attack, Appezzato signed a public letter supporting those of Muslim
faith in our community, calling for a spirit of unity and opposing any acts of
bigotry. Unfortunately, the campaign letter I received appeals to precisely the
opposite democratic instincts.

In his letter, Appezzato accuses Supervisor Alice Lai-Bitker of taking "over
$56,000 in campaign contributions from special interests outside our community."
Who are these "special interests"?

Some of them, like Mason McDuffie and Sanford Hotels, would fit the common
understanding of a commercial special interest. However, 116 out of the 156
"special interests" identified were individuals with Chinese surnames. The flyer
asks "if money talks - to whom will Alice listen? Them or us?" It is very clear
who the "them" is.

So the Appezzato campaign, in one of its last flyers of the campaign, a flyer
which is difficult to criticize in public forums before the election takes
place, frames the race for as a campaign which pits the Chinese community
against the non-Chinese community.

This is a shameful campaign tactic and should be repudiated by all in the
Alameda body politic, but especially those in the leadership of the Democratic
Party which is so prominently displayed as Ralph Appezzato's political party.

Carl Halpern

Alameda

Editor's note: The last few words and the letter writer's name were omitted from
this letter of support for Alameda Hospital, ("Pay 82 cents a day to keep the
hospital") printed in the March 5 issue.

Pay 82 cents a day to keep the hospital

Much misinformation concerning Alameda Hospital has been published in letters to
the editor. I want to clarify some issues.

The hospital has been a nonprofit hospital for the benefit of the community
since 1939; technically a semi-public corporation. It is not a private,
for-profit corporation. If Alamedans pass the parcel tax, the hospital will
become a public hospital with a board of directors to oversee the health care
district, first appointed by the county board of supervisors and then elected by
Alamedans.

If Alamedans pass the tax, it will not continue if the hospital closes. That
misleading information was based on information about Los Medanos Hospital
District in Pittsburg, where voters passed a 30-year bond to build a new
hospital that then went out of business. It is a totally different situation
from Alameda Hospital, which has no debt and has money in the bank.

However, it is losing money from operation because of declining income per
patient from declines in HMO reimbursements and Medicare revenues since the
Balanced Budget Act of 1998. The same problems affect every community hospital
in the East Bay that is not a district hospital. The tax will provide sufficient
funds for the hospital to remain open.

Keeping the hospital is important to everyone. Kaiser patients are treated at
our emergency room if they are true emergencies and admitted if necessary until
they're stabilized for transfer to a Kaiser hospital. Kaiser pays for this care
without question. The response time for our emergency personnel is unequaled and
our hospital is six minutes or less away. Oakland hospitals are an average of 19
minutes away.

To those who have required and received emergency at the hospital, I need say no
more. Is it not worth the 82 cents daily to keep it open?

If there were a disaster and our island was totally cut off from the outside, I
am sure there would be no doubt in anyone's mind that we need a hospital.

Bonnie Horlbeck

Alameda

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

My Word: Piedmont's Wieler completely wrong about Planning Commission

BYLINE: By Tim Rood My Word

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local; Opinion

LENGTH: 359 words


At the March 21 City Council meeting, Piedmont City Council Member Jeff Wieler
aired a rather shocking opinion of the Planning Commission, to which he is the
council liaison:

"This is completely out of their normal area of responsibility. "... They're not
traffic engineers, they're not geotech engineers. Quite frankly, I've heard
enough people with opinions on traffic engineering and geotechnical engineering.
I want to see their degrees. I listened to an expert. I reject the Planning
Commission decision. I think this is a Rec and Park decision, so I don't think
their (the Planning Commission's) conclusions have any validity. They're not
qualified."

Coming from an elected official whose responsibilities include appointing
citizens to serve on the Planning Commission, this is a truly reprehensible, not
to mention ignorant and arrogant, statement.

I will set aside the fact that the commission is chaired by a licensed
architect, whose opinions on the design of a retaining wall should carry more
than sufficient credibility.

More important, Wieler is either ignorant of, or chose to publicly misrepresent,
the Planning Commission responsibilities set out in Sec. 25.3 of the city
charter, which mandates that the commission "investigate and make
recommendations to the City Council concerning real property, subdivisions, lot
building restrictions, planning and zoning matters as may be in the best
interest of the City. "... (and) To consider and make recommendations to the
Council on matters affecting the design and aesthetics of buildings, structures
and other improvements within the City."

As an architect and urban planner, I greatly appreciate the Planning
Commission's commitment to Piedmont's built environment and understanding of the
commission's mandate.

I deeply regret that one of our elected officials would both publicly disparage
the commissioners' qualifications as design professionals and misrepresent the
commission's clear mandate under the city charter.

I believe Wieler, once again, owes an apology to the citizens of Piedmont who
are not in his corner and whom he chooses publicly to malign.

Timothy Rood is a Piedmont resident.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Are Sharia courts depriving women of their legal rights?;
A new Bill highlights worries that a parallel legal system is being developed,
reports Frances Gibb

BYLINE: Frances Gibb

SECTION: FEATURES; OBITUARIES; Pg. 67

LENGTH: 831 words


Do Sharia courts in this country operate as a parallel legal system? Baroness
Cox, the independent peer, believes they do. Last week she said: "There is
widespread concern that some tribunals applying Sharia are going well beyond
their legal remit and some Sharia court rulings are being misrepresented as
having the force of UK law." She was launching an Arbitration and Mediation
Services (Equality) Bill, a Private Member's Bill aimed at ensuring that Sharia
tribunals and courts operate within the law. "It is not the whole solution," she
says. "But it seeks to tackle some of the more flagrant injustices ... by trying
to ensure that Muslim women are protected from discrimination and intimidation
and that any attempts by individuals or organisations to establish a parallel
legal jurisdiction are prosecuted as unlawful."

Her Bill has some cross-party and cross-faith backing but little chance of
reaching the statute book. Its value, though, is in flagging an issue that is
largely ignored or pushed to the sidelines.

Sharia is applied in both tribunals and more informal councils or community
"courts". The Muslim Arbitration Tribunal was set up in 2007: it has its
headquarters in Nuneaton, with other tribunals in London, Manchester, Bradford
and Birmingham. These operate lawfully under the Arbitration Act 1996 and are
intended to deal with financial issues. Their decisions are enforceable in the
UK courts.

But there is concern that the principles applied may be discriminatory. Under
Sharia, a woman's testimony can be given less weight than that of a man's and
she has fewer property rights. One tribunal in Nuneaton was deciding an
inheritance dispute between three sisters and two brothers. In line with Sharia
principles, the men were given double the inheritance of the women. "Such
decisions are given the force of law," Cox says. Second, they are extending
their reach beyond commerce to family matters.

Then there are the more informal Sharia councils operating within Muslim
communities. These, she argues, can "misrepresent themselves as courts with
legal authority". One estimate puts the total at 85. Muslim women can be coerced
into going before them. It is claimed that they consent, but how freely? Diana
Nammi, director of Ikwro, the Iranian and Kurdish Women's Rights Organisation,
says that women often do not freely consent. Even if they do, others point out
that women cannot simply waive their rights under English law. Nammi says: "We
have endless stories of women who have no option but to submit to these
rulings."

Such councils also misrepresent themselves as courts with legal authority, Cox
argues, while the women remain ignorant of their true rights under English or UK
law. Keith Porteous Wood, executive director of the Secular Society, puts it
more graphically: "This country is sleepwalking into a de facto parallel Sharia
system, particularly disadvantaging the vulnerable.

"Technically Sharia is not enforceable in Britain but in reality it holds sway,
in breach of human rights."

Senior judges and church leaders, according to Porteous, have only muddied the
waters. "The Archbishop of Canterbury and the former Lord Chief Justice, Lord
Phillips [of Worth Matravers], have done the country and justice an immeasurable
disservice by contemplating toleration of Sharia with such magnamity," he added.
"In contrast, legislators in Australia and Canada have been less fearful and
have taken their responsibilities seriously, to preserve one law for all.
Religious arbitration was outlawed in Canada as a direct reaction against a push
for Sharia."

Cox's Bill seeks to restate the present position: it makes explicit that
arbitration tribunals cannot deal with family law; that discrimination laws
apply; and that discriminatory rulings can be struck down. It expands the duty
on public bodies so that women would have to be told, for instance, that they
have fewer rights if their marriages are not recognised in English law. It would
also strengthen the powers of police to protect women from coercion and
intimidation and underline that of courts to set aside discriminatory rulings.
Finally, it proposes a criminal offence of "falsely claiming legal jurisdiction"
over matters that should go before the family or criminal courts.

The Bill is not aimed at Muslims, nor does it name them; it would catch any
extreme group that adopts discriminatory practices, Cox insists. "This is not an
attack on Islam. Our concern is for the law of this land, and the people who are
suffering - especially the women." The Beth Din courts that decide matters in
the Jewish community were not affected by her proposals because they had
declared that "their laws recognise UK law as sovereign".

"I feel a strong obligation to put this right. I can't sit there and condone
what can be brutal processes going on in our country. I have sat with these
women, I have wept with them. I passionately hope it [the Bill] will become law
and there will be one law for all."

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Baroness Cox says: "Our concern is for the law of this land, and the
people who are suffering - especially the women"
PHIL NOBLE / REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2011 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Letters: State senator's remarks are routinely distorted

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Inq Opinion & Editorial; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 357 words


In Monday's edition was a commentary by Tim Potts, cofounder of Democracy Rising
PA. In it, he mentioned my name in a grossly misleading and dishonest way ("Call
Pa. pay raise what it was").

I have debated Potts on various issues related to state government on several
occasions. After each debate, he writes some piece where he misrepresents what I
said. For example, a couple of months ago I disagreed with his call for a
constitutional convention for a variety of substantive reasons relating to the
inability to control such a convention and the procedural difficulty of
correcting mistakes enshrined in the constitution. Potts then wrote that I had
said, "Just look at your neighbors. We may be crooks, but at least we dress a
lot better than you do."

I never said anything remotely like that. I would never say that we (presumably
meaning all legislators, including myself) are "crooks." And anybody who knows
me even a little bit knows that I don't dress better than anyone and would never
claim to.

Potts' dishonesty extends to Monday's article. In it he claims that I suggested
that the 2005 legislative pay raise could not be considered a scandal because it
did not involve sex. Again, that's not what I said. In response to a question, I
said that in order for something to be a scandal "it had to involve some
allegation of a crime," such as bribery or extortion. I said that mere
disagreement with the policy choice of the legislature does not make something a
scandal. Then, as an afterthought, I said that I supposed sexual misconduct is
sometimes called a scandal, but that obviously isn't relevant to the pay-raise
question. This is hardly my suggesting that the pay raise wasn't a scandal
because it didn't involve sex.

The fact that Potts repeatedly misrepresents what I've said in debates after
I've left the room suggests that he doesn't find his rebuttals of what I
actually did say very compelling. If Potts aspires to be the self-appointed
moral scold of Pennsylvania, that is his prerogative. But it's hard to be holier
than thou when you are dishonest.

State Sen. Daylin Leach (D., Montgomery)

Harrisburg

dleach@pasenate.com


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 3, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

TV'S BLACK WORLD;
Cliches Are Of the Essence

SECTION: Section 2; Page 3, Column 2; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 469 words


To the Editor:

Henry Louis Gates Jr. complains that television misrepresents the lives of black
people. So what else is new? Television also misrepresents the lives of white
people, always has, probably always must. For it is of the essence of a medium
that attempts to reach out to all ages, all races, all levels of sophistication
and intelligence to communicate in stereotypes and cliches.

This is not necessarily bad. If Bill Cosby's Cliff Huxtable character is a
fabrication, it is a less harmful one than many of its stage and screen
predecessors. And it may have helped stretch the consciousness of nonblack
minds. Surely I am not the only one to recognize the resemblance between the
Cosby character and the candidates who were elected to the mayoralties of New
York and Seattle with the help of unusually large numbers of white television
viewers.

MAX GARTENBERG
Livingston, N. J.

 Henry Louis Gates Jr. replies:

A joke told in Moscow during the recent food shortages: Is it true you can now
order a steak over the telephone? Certainly . . . and it will arrive over the
television. Reflecting on the hopes (and fears) that blacks have pinned to their
televised images, I had a similar point to make about the kind of sustenance
this medium can be expected to provide.

As Dr. Poussaint noted, my article focused on a contemporary phenomenon - the
proliferation of highly successful black sitcoms on prime time, represented by
''The Cosby Show,'' its spin-offs and competitors. I suggested (and several
correspondents evidently agree) that the sitcom is a particularly unlikely genre
to look to for social realism. Are the white characters any less stereotyped
than the black ones? Of course not. Historically, though, minorities have had a
highly anxious relation to their public images. Imagine a white audience
fretting about whether Pee-Wee Herman was embarrassing the race.

The basic point is that ''Amos 'n' Andy'' didn't enslave us; and ''Cosby'' will
not free us. Which is hardly Cosby's fault. It is no reproach, then, to observe
that America's favorite black family, the Huxtables, are in most respects ''just
like white people.'' It's simply a fact about the precedence of class over
ethnic identification - and thus about the cultural distances American viewers
are asked to traverse. (That much we can say, I think, without recourse to the
specious euphemism of ''universality,'' a property that now appears to be
indexed to the Nielsen ratings.) In short, Mr. Cosby and Mr. Poussaint have
nothing to apologize for.

Inevitably, though, some will persist in finding ironic the discrepancy between
these images of affluence and the bleak statistical realities. Black America,
your long-awaited dream of equality and prosperity has now arrived . . . over
the television.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              73 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 23, 1996 Friday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 805 words


SUPPLY-SIDE SALVO

After reading Wallace Peterson's "the supply-side truth," (LJS, Aug. 18), it is
once again clear that education in our country is indeed withering on the vine.

Liberals continue to misrepresent supply-side economics as some evil monster.

Here is what supply-side, or Reaganomics, says: If we lower tax rates, (i.e.,
give people back some of their money), the economy will grow. That in fact is
exactly what happened in the 1980s.

Now let's discuss the growth in debt that occurred in the 1980s. First of all,
liberals always seem to forget to tell you that when the tax rates were cut, the
total revenue going to the federal government almost doubled. Liberals in
Congress had what they love, more of your money to spend. Unfortunately, they
spent even more than that. That's how we got deficits; Congress spent more money
than they received.

One last point: Trying to tie deficits and debt to supply-side economics is like
saying that if you received an increase in salary from $25,000 to $45,000 and
then went out and spent $70,000, that the $25,000 in deficit spending was caused
by your raise!

The media's blatant willingness to misrepresent something that they don't
politically agree with is indeed very frightening.  Phil West, Lincoln

RELIGIOUS RESPONSE

Evidently, Doug Patton's conservative opinion (LJS, Aug. 10) really hit home
with many liberals. The vicious response is similar to the attack, in letters to
the editor, on the great article by Robert Valentine a few weeks ago.

Our country is in a whirlpool of moral decay, and those who are so critical of
conservative moral views that once made this nation so great can't see this. Our
founding fathers created the Constitution with parallel conditions to true
religion, which is, "freedom with responsibility."

President Washington in his inaugural address even stated that without religion,
this democracy would fail. How close to this are we today?   Merlyn D.
Braunsroth, Pleasant Dale

BETRAYED BY SENATORS

When the Journal Star writes about strengths and weaknesses of Nebraska's policy
and procedures, the articles are always reactive. Obviously, the reader is
generally blinded by the ignorance and bliss of the editor.

Several years ago, the Legislature changed the language of the Nebraska
Constitution. This was on the ballot and naturally the citizens, not
understanding the conditions of the wordage change, caused this struggle for the
rights of citizens to petition. Standards became awkward and non-productive.

By changing the language of the Constitution, petition requirements were
substantially changed.

Sen. DiAnna Schimek and several other senators, through their valiant efforts,
created the paid petition process. With their passion of wisdom, they knew all
along that numbers and outsiders would create the problems of today.

Nebraskans must place the process back to the original intent of the
Constitution. This was an equal balance to the elected officials of our state.
It is not difficult to understand the tolerance level of our citizens,
especially when they are betrayed by their senators.   Claude Reyman, Lincoln

WHAT DISSENT?

The article "Tribunal won't take on excommunication" (LJS, Aug. 3) states the
Church's refusal to "get involved in a dispute." What's the dispute? A handful
of 1960s dissidents who failed to revolutionize the world, now bent on
re-engineering the church  -  that constitutes dissent?

We owe it to ourselves to rely less on press releases and a little more on
investigative reporting. Perhaps we should question the faithful Catholics as
they leave the many daily Masses we are blessed with in this diocese, or as they
depart from a visit with our Eucharistic Lord in the tabernacles of our
churches.

I dare say dissent will not be a major issue to be reported.  Robert R. Fiedler,
Lincoln

NICELY HANDLED

I was sitting in the waiting room at the Veterans Hospital. A mother was using
the phone. An 11-year-old girl was taking care of a 5- to 6-year-old boy.

He was noisy and climbing all over the furniture. The girl pointed at a
policeman and said, "He'll get you." A bit later, the mother came over to settle
him down. She also pointed at the policeman.

A hospital staffer came over. She put the boy on her lap. Talked face to face.
"Hospital is a place to be quiet. People are sick." He seemed surprised someone
talked to him. She held him a bit and chatted.

It was nice to see this handling of a rambunctious child.   Ann Caha, Ceresco

The Journal Star welcomes readers' comments. Letters to the editor must include
the writer's name, address and home and work telephone numbers. Please sign
letters that are mailed, faxed or hand-delivered. The editors may edit and
condense letters. Send letters to Letter to Editor, Lincoln Journal Star, P.O.
Box 81689, Lincoln, NE 68501. Fax: 473-7291. E-mail: oped@nebweb.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1996 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Group misrepresents early childhood plan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 681 words


Carla Sonntag, president and founder of the New Mexico Business Coalition, in
Sunday's op-ed "Raid of Land Grant Permanent Fund hurts kids" unfortunately
misrepresents and misunderstands the proposed constitutional amendment to fund
early childhood education.

The legislation she claims "special interest" groups (e.g. preschool teachers,
nurses and parents) are supporting is a constitutional amendment (SJR2 and HJR10
this session) that would allow voters to decide whether to invest 1.5 percent of
the $15 billion permanent fund, all of which would go to providing care and
education to children newborn to age 5 who are eligible but currently denied
access.

Sonntag mistakenly argues this early childhood funding would be used for health
care for young children, which is already covered by Medicaid. In fact, most if
not all of the proposed funding would be used for education, as required by the
state Constitution.

Sonntag cites legal opinions by former Attorney General Gary King and the Rodey
Law Firm that proposed uses would be unconstitutional. Supporters of the
constitutional amendment have made it clear repeatedly that they understand and
support funding being used only for approved early childhood programs.

Sonntag's view is in stark contrast to some of the nation's leading business and
economic voices, including Nobel Laureate economist James Heckman, of the
University of Chicago, and former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke. Both
have argued that investments in early childhood provide a higher and more
responsible return on investment than the billions we are spending on kids who
can't read, lack workforce skills, enter the corrections system or otherwise
fall through the cracks.

Heckman, considered one of the leading experts on human capital formation, has
repeatedly argued that investment in children 0-5 is one of the most effective
work force and economic development strategies a community can undertake.

Sonntag's views are also in stark contrast to most New Mexico voters. Polls and
focus groups have shown that the overwhelming majority of New Mexicans support
using a small increase in the annual distribution from the permanent fund for
early childhood programs. The proposed legislation would place the issue on the
November ballot for all New Mexicans, not just special interest groups, to
decide.

Finally, Sonntag claims that using any of the permanent fund for early childhood
would constitute "a war on our children." The real war on our children has been
the one waged by special interest groups, such as the newly formed New Mexico
Business Coalition, that have used their political influence to block additional
investments in our youngest and most vulnerable children. These groups hire
lobbyists (there were more than 800 registered with the Secretary of State in
2015, about eight corporate lobbyists for every legislator) to oppose any
significant funding for the more than two-thirds of New Mexico's kids without
access to either home visitation, childcare or pre-K programs.

Compare this to the more than $1 billion in tax incentives, subsidies and other
benefits special interests representing corporations have lobbied for and
received over the past few years from the Legislature.

While some business leaders and state policymakers plead poverty when it comes
to funding early childhood programs, many have supported giving millions away
every legislative session to corporate special interests. Despite the state's
current reported budget crisis, more of such corporate subsidies are proposed
this session.

Make no mistake about it, it is corporate lobbyists and the special interests
they represent who are responsible for blocking legislation that would allow New
Mexico voters to decide whether to invest more of the permanent fund in early
childhood.

Voters should make their voices heard by urging their legislators to put the
issue on the November ballot. Our state's future - and a generation of
0-5-year-olds depend on it.

Eric Griego is a former state senator and former executive director of NM Voices
for Children.

Eric Griego

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 30, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Trump: Show definitely reflects business reality

BYLINE: Del Jones

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 318 words

Donald Trump was less critical of his apprentices Thursday than USA TODAY's
experts were.

Did the men step across the line by having Kwame Jackson semi-pose as a
celebrity to sell Planet Hollywood merchandise?

"He really didn't misrepresent himself, and yet at the same time, he did
misrepresent," Trump says. "You can look at it two ways. It was interesting,
wasn't it? It's not an easy call."


Some of the experts said Nick Warnock knew the men had stepped over the line,
and a true leader would have further pressed his objection. But Warnock did all
he could, Trump says, and his mistake was getting angry. "He moped. He should
have worked his ass off."

Should the women have been pushing shots and drinking with the customers?

"They were trying to win a contest, and they came very close to the line, but
they were fine. They were using their assets, as the expression goes."

Trump says he decided to warn the women that they were relying too heavily on
sex appeal, but he says it won't stop them. "That's what God gave them. If God
gives you something, you're not supposed to say: 'Gee, I'm not going to use it.'
"

Several of the experts continue to question whether The Apprentice reflects
business reality at all. It definitely does, Trump says.

The pressure the teams encountered when trying to meet one-night sales targets
at the restaurant was exactly what CEOs face in the real world, Trump says.

"This was quarterly earnings in one day. This was a mini-Enron. The heat of
battle made them do things they probably never would have thought of. That's why
everyone's watching. And you know who is watching more than anybody? Wall
Street. They're going nuts over this show."

What does Trump do when faced with something that strays into the ethical gray
area?

"Usually, when it feels bad, it is bad," he says. "I always go with what's
ethically correct."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, NBC; Toe the line: Asked if his contestants veered off the
ethical high road, Trump said it wasn't an easy call."

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              76 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           October 19, 2013 Saturday

Curbsiders now selling higher-end vehicles

BYLINE: Gary Grant

SECTION: WHEELS; Pg. W4

LENGTH: 865 words


"Buyer Beware" perhaps applies to used cars more than any other product. There
are few items that offer so many possibilities for the buyer to be taken for an
expensive ride.

Curbsiders are usually unlicensed dealers who pose as private sellers. For a
long time, their prey has been mostly buyers of inexpensive cars, shoppers who
desperately need a great deal on a cheap car.

When the car turns out to not be such a great deal, the seller is often nowhere
to be found and the buyer is left with an expensive mistake.

This is why the Ontario Motor Vehicle Industry Council (OMVIC) has long
recommended buyers stick with licensed dealers, where they are safeguarded by
Ontario's consumer protection laws.

But a recent survey conducted for OMVIC showed that, for many buyers, the
potential to save big on a used car overrides the safety cushion provided by
licensed dealers.

What is particularly disturbing is an increasing trend for fraudulent dealers to
trade in higher-end vehicles.

"Curbsiders used to target buyers of inexpensive reliable economy vehicles,"
says OMVIC spokesman Terry O'Keefe.

"Now, we're seeing a shift toward newer and high-end vehicles, such as Mercedes,
BMW, Lexus and even newer-model pickups, which command higher prices and higher
profit margins.

"Unfortunately, just as curbsiders commonly misrepresent themselves, they also
misrepresent the vehicles they sell, which are often insurance writeoffs,
accident-damaged or odometer-tampered."

The Internet has changed the way people shop for a car. OMVIC reports that 40
per cent of shoppers visit car-dealer websites, 34 per cent use
automotive-specific classified sites and 23 per cent shop through general
classified sites.

Another report by the Used Car Dealer's Association found that about one-third
of all online listings for used cars are from curbsiders.

What makes those numbers dangerous is that many curbsiders are now creating fake
dealership websites and posting phoney reviews of those dealers.

Scam artists outside this country are specifically targeting Canadian shoppers.

So what can you do to protect yourself?

The easiest answer is to buy from a registered dealer.

If you really must buy privately, don't spend a penny until you have met the
seller in person and physically seen the car.

Make sure the seller has a valid Ontario Used Vehicle Information Package and
ask for a Carfax report, too. Finally, spend $100 to get the car inspected by a
reputable mechanic of your choosing.

Teenage drivers still pose

a higher risk of crashing

Anyone who has ever been a teenage driver has complained that the higher
insurance premiums levied against them are unfair.

But as we get older, we begin to acknowledge that inexperience and impulsivity
are a big factor in teenage behaviour.

Anyone who has teenagers in the house knows just how easily moods and actions
can change from one moment to the next. A recent study by the Traffic Injury
Research Foundation shows that teenagers, especially males, are still a
disproportionate statistic in traffic fatalities. Sponsored by State Farm, the
study backs up what parents already know about their own teens, says Ward
Vanlaar, vice-president of research at the foundation.

"Several factors play a role in teen driver road crashes, including
inexperience, peer pressure and biological changes."

Vanlaar adds that efforts by researchers and governments are beginning to reduce
teen fatalities on the road, but the message is still not getting through to all
teen drivers.

Some of the study's key observations:

Males account for 74 per cent of all teen driver deaths on the road.

In 2010, more than one-third of teen drivers killed in road crashes tested
positive for either alcohol (36.6 per cent) or drugs (39.2 per cent).

Nearly half (44 per cent) of those testing positive for alcohol had one or more
passengers in the vehicle.

Speed was a factor in more than one-quarter (28.8 per cent) of teen driver
deaths.

Almost one-fifth (19.4 per cent) of female teen driver fatalities were due to
distraction.

State Farm is working with the foundation to create the first officially
recognized National Teen Driver Safety Week to get parents and teenage drivers
talking about the importance of safe driving.

Toyota found not guilty in U.S. acceleration-related lawsuit

In a pivotal ruling in a California court, Toyota has been found not at fault in
the case of a 66-year-old woman who died when her 2006 Camry hit a tree after
speeding out of control, the wrong way on a one-way street.

Instead, the jury placed full responsibility on the driver of another vehicle
that had crashed into the woman's car.

The case was attempting to lay blame on Toyota for not having a brake override
system installed on the vehicle. It was proved that the initial collision caused
the woman to experience cognitive impairment, due to an existing medical
condition, which prevented her from applying the brakes.

A brake override system would not have affected the outcome of the collision,
the jury decided.

The case is being considered a precedent, as there are about 85 personal-injury
and wrongful-death lawsuits pending against Toyota in California following a
series of acceleration-related recalls in 2009 and 2010.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: As curbsiders move to upscale cars and pickup trucks, buyers are being
urged to stick with registered dealers. Toyota has been absolved of
responsibility for a fatal crash in California involving a 2006 Camry, similar
to this model. Reuters file photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              77 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 10, 2006 Friday

AIG to pay record amount in fraud case;
Case against Greenberg unresolved despite $1.64-billion (U.S.) settlement

BYLINE: ED LEEFELDT, Reuters News Agency

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; INSURANCE; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


American International Group Inc., the world's largest insurer by market value,
yesterday agreed to pay $1.64-billion (U.S.) to settle federal and state charges
of fraud, bid-rigging and improper accounting, the biggest regulatory settlement
by a single company in U.S. history.

The widely anticipated agreement ends a long-running investigation of the
company by New York State Attorney-General Eliot Spitzer and State Insurance
Superintendent Howard Mills, along with federal authorities led by the U.S
Securities and Exchange Commission. But it does not resolve pending cases
against former AIG chief executive officer Maurice (Hank) Greenberg and former
chief financial officer Howard Smith, who were forced out last spring two months
before charges were announced against the company.

In settling, Mr. Spitzer pointed the finger directly at Mr. Greenberg and Mr.
Smith, who have denied they did anything wrong.

"There are some who continue to deny there was any wrongdoing at the company,"
Mr. Spitzer said. "I think the facts laid out today are overwhelming in
establishing that from the highest levels of AIG there was an intent to
misrepresent the financial condition of the company."

Mr. Spitzer said "transactions were entered into that were false, and there were
flagrant violations of state and federal law designed to misrepresent the
financial condition of the company."

However, Mr. Spitzer made a point of saying new management at AIG has done a
"spectacular" job, co-operating with the investigation and putting in reforms.
"We are happy about the resolution of the case," he said.

Spokespersons for Mr. Greenberg and Mr. Smith could not be reached for comment.

AIG's settlement is the largest in U.S. history for a single company, according
to both the SEC and Mr. Spitzer's office. The second-largest was Marsh &
McClennan Companies Inc.'s $850-million payment in connection with the same
investigation a little more than a year ago.

AIG said it will take a fourth-quarter after-tax charge of about $1.15-billion
for its settlement.

AIG's fines and penalties will take less than 2 per cent from its book value,
less some items, according to Andrew Kligerman, an insurance analyst with UBS
AG.

Investors reacted positively to the news, raising its stock price by 74 cents to
$67.12 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.

"This settlement removes the largest cloud overhanging the company," said Rob
Haines, an analyst with CreditSights.

Under the terms of the settlement, AIG will pay $700-million into a fund to aid
investors deceived by its false financial statements. An SEC penalty of
$100-million will also go into that fund. AIG policy holders harmed by
bid-rigging will receive $375-million.

Another $344-million will go to states harmed by AIG's practices of understating
workers' compensation premiums. A final $100-million will go to the state of New
York, whose insurance department filed the original suit against AIG in May. The
U.S. Department of Justice will also get $25-million. AIG issued a statement
saying it "regrets and apologizes" for its conduct, and agreed not to pay
contingent commissions for certain types of insurance, as well as to support
legislation to end these commissions.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           December 22, 2005 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

Decision 'totally misrepresents intelligent design'

BYLINE: JOHN WEST

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EQUAL TIME; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 388 words


Following is a statement issued by Dr. John West, associate director of the
Discovery Institute, the Seattle-based think tank that promotes the teaching of
intelligent design.

The Dover decision is an attempt by an activist federal judge to stop the spread
of a scientific idea and even to prevent criticism of Darwinian evolution
through government-imposed censorship rather than open debate, and it won't
work. He has conflated the Discovery Institute's position with that of the Dover
school board, and he totally misrepresents intelligent design and the
motivations of the scientists who research it.

A legal ruling can't change the fact that there is digital code in DNA, it can't
remove the molecular machines from the cell, nor change the fine tuning of the
laws of physics. The empirical evidence for design, the facts of biology and
nature, can't be changed by legal decree.

Judge John E. Jones III found that the Dover board violated the Establishment
Clause because it acted from religious motives. That should have been the end to
the case. Instead, Judge Jones got on his soapbox to offer his own views of
science, religion and evolution. He makes it clear that he wants his place in
history as the judge who issued a definitive decision about intelligent design.

Anyone who thinks a court ruling is going to kill off interest in intelligent
design is living in another world. Americans don't like to be told there is some
idea that they aren't permitted to learn about. It used to be said that banning
a book in Boston guaranteed it would be a best seller. Banning intelligent
design in Dover will likely only fan interest in the theory.

The plans of the lawyers on both sides of this case to turn this into a landmark
ruling have been preempted by the voters.

Discovery Institute continues to oppose efforts to mandate teaching about the
theory of intelligent design in public schools.

But the institute strongly supports the freedom of teachers to discuss
intelligent design in an objective manner on a voluntary basis.

We also think students should learn about both the scientific strengths and
weaknesses of Darwin's theory of evolution.

This column is solicited to provide another viewpoint to an AJC editorial
published today. To respond to an AJC editorial, contact David Beasley at
dbeasley@ajc.com or call 404-526-7371.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              79 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 12, 1982, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Reagan House Deal Studied

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 36, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 110 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Feb. 11


Th e Federal Bureau of Investigation islooking into accusations of fraud or
forgery involving an investment group that tr ied unsuccessfully to buy
President Reagan's former homein Pacific Pa lisades, it was disclosed today. The
Zoller Group of Palm Desert i s suspected of using false documents to
misrepresent the sale pric e, the bureau said. Mr. Reagan's attorney, Roy
Miller, told the auth orities late last month that documents in the aborted sale
had been altered to misrepresent the price. The house was subsequently sold to
another buyer.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              80 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     April 9, 1994, Saturday, City Edition

Trustees say liberalism led to firing

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; RELIGION DIGEST; Religion; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: FORT WORTH, Texas; SALT LAKE CITY; ST. CLARA, W. Va.



The trustees of the nation's largest Baptist seminary said in a letter to
35,000 pastors that their former president was fired for being too liberal. In
the letter, the largely conservative trustees of the Southwestern Baptist
Theological Seminary apologized for "any perception of mean-spiritedness" in
the firing of Russell Dilday. They acknowledged using an "overabundance of
caution" in changing the locks on Dilday's office after his dismissal March  9.
The letter said Dilday supports liberal theology and misrepresents the  Bible in
his 1982 book, The Doctrine of Biblical Authority. "From a decidedly  biased
position, Dr. Dilday is dedicated to berate, misrepresent and assail  those who
hold the Bible to be God's inerrant, infallible and authoritative  Word," the
letter read. Dilday, 63, who had led the 4,000-student seminary  since August
1978, told students the day after he was fired that he likely  lost his job
because he refused demands to take a more conservative stand.

Bishop named to Council of Twelve

SALT LAKE CITY - Mormon Church Presiding Bishop Robert D. Hales was named  April
2 to the Council of the Twelve Apostles, the faith's second-highest  governing
body. Hales, 61, succeeds Marvin J. Ashton, who died Feb. 25 at age  78. The
appointment was announced at the faith's 164th Annual General  Conference, where
Mormons customarily approve the leadership of the  8.7-million-member Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Hale will be  succeeded by Merrill J. Bateman
of the Second Quorum of the Seventy, the  fourth tier in the church's hierarchy.
During the assembly, about 75 people  demonstrated outside in support of
dissidents who have been disciplined for  their views on Mormon issues. Last
fall, five high-profile Mormon scholars and  feminists were excommunicated for
their public writings and speeches about  Mormon doctrine, history, the role of
women and other issues. A sixth was  given a lesser punishment.

Priest saves French statue of Jesus

ST. CLARA, W.Va. - In 1921, a priest awed by a statue of Jesus on the cross
labored to bring it from France to Doddridge County. Today, it sits atop a
hillside cemetery, attracting visitors from around the country. St. Clare
Catholic Church is scheduled to close in June as part of a statewide
reorganization by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wheeling-Charleston, but the
12-foot iron statue, which also depicts two figures flanking the cross and one
at Jesus' feet, will remain. "We've had people here from about every state,"
said Priscilla Schulte, who lives a few steps from the cemetery. Her husband,
Matthew, is the church caretaker. The Rev. Camile Delaux, a priest at the St.
Clare church, saw the statue while he was serving in France. Awed by its
beauty, Delaux vowed to bring it back to West Virginia. He returned home and
raised $ 1,500. The 1,000-pound statue was transported by boat to Hoboken,
N.J., by rail to Long Run and then by wagon to St. Clara, where the parish was
founded in 1849.

- Compiled from news service reports to the Times.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              81 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 23, 2016 Saturday

Stenehjem's work has brought improvement

BYLINE: RETHA MATTERN Bismarck

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 271 words


A recent Doug Burgum ad claims that Wayne Stenehjem is "not who we thought he
was." That claim is outrageous, and that ad deliberately misrepresents the
truth.

The Wayne Stenehjem that I know has dedicated his career to improving the lives
of North Dakotans. He has found innovative, effective ways to significantly
reduce methamphetamine production in the state. He has done the same to fight
the rise of synthetic drugs. Throughout it all, he has never lost sight of the
families affected by crime.

Over the years I've known Stenehjem, I've seen the joy on his face when he was
successful in his fight to reduce the violent crimes occurring in the state, and
the concern when the statistics revealed more work to be done. His work in
creating a comprehensive sex offender registry has gone above and beyond federal
law. Stenehjem has always been determined to do what is right for North Dakota,
defending the laws enacted by the state Legislature, and doing his job well.

My first impression of Burgum was positive. But what I've seen since then has
made me change my viewpoint. Burgum has proven himself willing to distort the
facts about North Dakota's budget, and he is unafraid to misrepresent the
actions Stenehjem took to defend North Dakota and its people. Burgum has shown
himself unwilling to give straight answers on controversial social issues. And
he has taken the race for the state's highest office into the mud.

There is one man in this race who is not who I thought he was. And that man is
not Stenehjem. Stenehjem has served North Dakota selflessly as attorney general
and he will continue to do so as governor.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, NC)

                          February 18, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 583  words


Howes embodies mission of the university

As undergraduate teaching assistants for American Studies 94: The Role of the
University in American Life in the fall of 2003, we are frustrated by recent
articles by Bob Burtman of The Independent and Dan Coleman of The Chapel Hill
Herald that misrepresent the goals of the course and the integrity of
course-professor Jonathan Howes.

Invitations issued to distinguished individuals who would be our guest lecturers
each Monday were always extended with the knowledge that plenary sessions were
open to the public. However, the discussion-based Wednesday seminars were most
effective for learning when they were conducted in some degree of mutual
confidence.

This confidentiality created an environment supportive of the students' academic
freedom allowing them to openly discuss and question course material and current
events, without being "on the record."

This was especially important in light of the content of the course. Such
academic freedom and liberty are at the heart of any public university in
America, especially at a campus where our motto, Lux Libertas, tells us to
exercise this freedom in pursuit of truth.

In the Wednesday discussion section of the course that Howes led, he engaged
students in an important dialogue about the events of the greater community, in
a style that made the coursework meaningful. We are frustrated by Coleman's
column on Feb. 7 ["Source of bad town-gown relations"] that describes Professor
Howes' style as elitist; we describe Howes as anything but.

Howes asks his students to attend meetings of the Chapel Hill Town Council and
other events where they can learn more about planning and negotiations between
university and town representatives.

Class discussion sections then provide students with the opportunity to discuss
these events in the context of better understanding the role of universities in
America.

In the classroom, Howes only encourages honest and frank debate.

Coleman's assertion that anything but a "real debate" occurred in these classes
misrepresents the experiences of students and teaching assistants like us. The
intent of these discussions and this course is consistent with the intent of any
public university -- to teach students to think for themselves and to think with
conscience and regard for others, especially those with whom they disagree.

Howes embodies the mission of the university -- which includes not only teaching
and research, but also a strong commitment to public service; he leads by a
humble example of the unselfish dedication he has given to the town, the state
and the national arena.

Andrew Pike and Rebecca Williford

Chapel Hill

Why does Bush stand out?

Liar, liar who's the liar?

From this list can you pick the liar?

Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) 1998. Al Gore (D-Tenn.) 2002. Sen. Ted Kennedy
(D-Mass.) 2002. President George W. Bush (R-Texas) 2002/2003. President Bill
Clinton (D-Ark.) 1998/1999/2001/2002/2003. Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.) 2002.
Sen. John F. Kerry (D-Mass.) 2002/2003. U.N. Security Council 2002. Hans Blix
(Sweden) 2002/2003. The Washington Times 2002. The U.S. Congress 1998/2002.

To give you a hint, they all said, for the record, the same thing about Iraq
having weapons of mass destruction on the dates given.

Give up?

It's George W. Bush of course. It's obvious, as he is the only Republican on the
list. This was a rigged test. Only if you are a liberal Democrat could you have
selected the liar.

Or was it a lie?

Stephen S. Shepherd

Hillsborough

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                              83 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 27, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CRIME WAVE REQUIRES ENFORCEMENT, NOT MORE LAWS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 363 words


I read Palm Beach County State Attorney Barry Krischer's commentary "Community
in combat" (Jan. 14). In between some valid points, I was surprised to find what
appear to be some serious contradictions between the Florida law he quotes and
the laws I have read.

Florida Statutes Chapter 790 -- specifically, 790.115 --makes it a felony to
possess or exhibit any firearm on any school property, at a school bus stop or
even within 1,000 feet of school property. Statute 790.01 makes it a felony to
carry a concealed firearm without the proper state-issued permit. I eagerly
await Mr. Krischer's response.

So let's recap. An individual traveling to a school with a firearm concealed has
committed one felony. As soon as he sets foot on school property, he has
committed a second felony. How many laws do we need to cover the same issue? To
me, it sounds as though we need the laws we have enforced and prosecuted. It is
the height of irresponsibility for someone in Mr. Krischer's position to
misrepresent the facts. Additionally, in my opinion, we need a state attorney
with a prosecutor's mentality instead of a defense attorney as Mr. Krischer was
prior to being elected.

Also, I could not disagree more with his convoluted opinion on the "stand your
ground" law. It again is ridiculous to misrepresent the law by calling it the
"shoot first law." Self-defense not only is guaranteed us in the Bill of Rights
but is a basic human tenet. I have to comply or try to run when some scumbag
wants to hurt me or steal from me? No. No law-abiding citizen is going to shoot
anybody first, as Mr. Krischer implies would happen.

Mr. Krischer's opinions are predicated on more and more laws, which will do
nothing more than infringe on my rights to enjoy a sport I like and which I use
to protect myself. Parents need to more closely monitor their children, and Mr.
Krischer needs to aggressively enforce the existing laws.

Violence, whether with a knife, a bat or a gun, is a symptom of the real
underlying problems, and treating the symptom is not the answer. Mr. Krischer,
how many criminals do you know who obey the existing laws let alone the new laws
you say we need?

DAVID McCABE

Lake Worth

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Let's Tune Out Reality Tv

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Lancaster County should shun reality TV.

That goes a bit further than the Respect Amish movement, which has added to its
ranks the local Chamber of Commerce and the Pennsylvania Dutch Convention &
Visitors Bureau.

The movement - started by Mary Haverstick, a Lancaster writer-director whose
films include the award-winning feature "Home," a Gregory Douglas music video
and, most recently, a documentary on New York City's carriage horse industry
narrated by Liam Neeson - is aimed at TV shows such as "Amish Mafia" and
"Breaking Amish."

Respect Amish correctly argues that such shows misrepresent and show a complete
disrespect for the culture of our neighbors in the Plain community.

The Chamber and Visitors Bureau reached out to its 3,000 members, asking that
they "refrain from providing any assistance to these destructive attempts to
exploit the Amish lifestyle."

Denying such shows space to do their filming and time for interviews is
appropriate because, as Chamber President Tom Baldrige noted, reality TV is
"turning a culture that has been a long-standing pillar of respect into a fad."

While there might be some short-term gain in participating in such shows, their
overall effect demeans the Lancaster County brand.

The Amish - and by association, Lancaster County - are known for virtues such as
humility and down-to-earth hospitality.

Reality TV's in-your-face dramatic style clashes entirely with the low-key,
easygoing manner that makes Lancaster County a great place to live, work and
vacation.

The Respect Amish movement is correct that the shows it targets exploit the
Amish and should not, out of respect for our Plain neighbors, get any
cooperation from the residents and businesses of Lancaster County.

Beyond that, much of reality TV is probably best shunned by all.

Overall, "reality" TV is a poor description of most of the fare in the genre.

The producers of the shows seek drama, and if it's not natural to the situation
they're filming, they do what they can to create it - egging on participants in
off-screen chats to react with over-the-top displays of emotion.

Acts of common courtesy are no doubt deleted for lack of entertainment value -
with the result that most "reality TV stars" appear to be ill-mannered and/or
foul-mouthed.

There are exceptions, of course, including Gap native Anne Beiler's
participation in "Secret Millionaire," in which the Auntie Anne's founder showed
her usual grace and charm and helped people in the process. And shows such as
"Duck Dynasty" are silly but harmless.

Overall, however, reality TV is a misnamed genre that should be a pariah in any
self-respecting community.

As a matter of respect for our Amish neighbors, Lancaster County residents and
businesses should eschew entertainment that misrepresents and exploits their
culture.

And out of simple self-respect, any sensible person anywhere should avoid
participating in most such fare in any way.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Letter: Charter school foes misrepresent issue

BYLINE: The Berkshire Eagle

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 542 words


Charter school foes misrepresent issue

To the editor:

Statements in the recent letter "Keep community control over public schools" are
simply not true. They follow other misstatements in previous letters and columns
about Question 2.

A Yes vote on Question 2 would offer more high-quality school options for
families by allowing the state to approve up to 12 new public charter schools,
with preference given to the state's lowest-performing school districts. These
are communities like Boston, Fall River, and Lawrence where charters are making
a difference, but tens of thousands of children are stuck on waiting lists
because of enrollment caps.

Charter schools ARE public schools bound by the same laws as any other public
school in the state. Charters operate independently of local school districts.
The state Department of Education oversees charter schools and holds them to
strict standards to ensure that they deliver a high-quality education to
students.

Charter public schools do not siphon dollars from district public schools, as
the Massachusetts Taxpayer Foundation found in a study about school funding that
it released Sept. 28. The organization's president said, "We found no evidence
from our examination of aggregate funding levels over time of any systemic
financial disadvantage to district school students."

Indeed, charter schools, like regional vocational schools and school choice, are
an option available under law to Massachusetts students. Just as education
dollars follow students to schools like McCann Technical School, they follow a
student who chooses a charter school, except that the district continues to get
some money even after the charter student leaves it.

Charter schools are locally run. It has been my privilege to have served more
than nine years on the board of the Berkshire Arts and Technology Charter Public
School (BART), a public, tuition-free school serving students in grades 6-12.
Like me, BART trustees live and work in the Berkshires and volunteer to provide
board oversight of BART.

Charter schools do not discriminate in student selection. Nearly 40 percent of
BART students are economically disadvantaged, 26 percent are students of color,
and 23 percent are classified as having disabilities.

The choice BART offers to residents of the Northern Berkshires and Pittsfield is
a longer school year, a rigorous college-preparatory curriculum, and small class
sizes. One hundred percent of our graduates have been accepted to college and
100 percent of the Class of 2016 planned to start college following graduation.

Please be aware of charter opponents' misrepresentation of the facts. I am
voting Yes on Question 2 because underserved students in places like Boston
deserve the chance that BART families have to choose the public school that is
right for their sons and daughters.

The truth is that children who choose charters have the same right to public
education funding as any other child in the Berkshires, whether that child is
enrolled in a hometown district public school, a school choice district public
school, a public vocational school   or a public charter school.

Dianne M. Cutillo, Adams, The writer is a current member and former Chair of the
BART Charter Public School Board of Trustee.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 22, 2015 Wednesday 6:42 PM GMT

Transgender teen wins right to wear makeup in South Carolina license photo;
Chase Culpepper, 16, was forced to remove her everyday makeup after DMV
employees said she could not 'misrepresent her identity' on driver's license

BYLINE: Jessica Glenza in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


A transgender South Carolina teen will be able to wear makeup in her driver's
license picture, after she successfully sued the state's DMV for forcing her to
remove her makeup in her first driver's license photo.

The new driver, 16-year-old Chase Culpepper, was forced to remove her everyday
makeup before her license photo in March 2014, when she went to the state's DMV
branch in Anderson. DMV employees cited a policy that barred drivers from
"purposely alter[ing] his/her appearance so that the photo would misrepresent
his/her identity".

Per the terms of a settlement announced Wednesday, Culpepper will be able to get
a new DMV photo wearing her everyday makeup, and the DMV will institute
sensitivity training, update its picture policy and apologize to Culpepper.

"From day one all that I wanted was a photo that looked like me," said Culpepper
at a press conference Wednesday morning. "I brought this case because what
happened to me was wrong, it was hurtful to be singled out for being transgender
... My hope is that I made a difference that will help other people."

The settlement with the DMV came without a price tag - attorneys took on
Culpepper's case pro bono, and Culpepper will not receive any remuneration from
the DMV as part of the agreement.

"The DMV, I believe, recognized the error of their ways," said attorney Marshall
Winn of the Wyche law firm in Greenville, saying the agency's apparent change of
heart was, "worthy of recognition".

"This type of discrimination happens to transgender people every day at
departments of motor vehicle around the country," said Michael Silverman,
executive director of the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund.

Silverman said he believes the settlement sends a message to other departments
of motor vehicles: "They need to bring their policies and practices up to date
to ensure that they're not discriminating against transgender people, and to
ensure they are treating them professionally and respectfully."

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 14, 2005 Monday

Column misrepresents Reynolds & Reynolds

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 178 words


Jim Dillon's Oct. 30 column, "Reynolds could be on the ropes," significantly
misrepresents the actual financial condition of the company.

Reynolds' revenue for its fourth quarter actually grew compared to its fourth
quarter of 2004. The company reported improvements in customer retention and
order backlogs. The company also saw three straight quarters of growth in
software solutions, growth in its document business and increased use of its
customer relationship management applications.

Reynolds is responding to SEC comments regarding complex rules for recognizing
revenue. The issue is not whether a sale had been made, but when the sale is
accounted for. Published financial analyst reports have, in fact, characterized
the SEC comments as "technical in nature" and "complete non-events" with "no
bearing on the investment thesis for the company."

Reynolds is a financially strong company that has consistently invested in its
business, its new products and in our community. It deserves more accurate
characterization by the Dayton Daily News.

TOM SUTTMILLER

KETTERING

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              88 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                          September 6, 2003, Saturday

PARK CANNOT SHIFT WORK TO OWNERS; MOBILE HOME LAW

BYLINE: DAN PERRY Ledger Correspondent

SECTION: Real Estate; Pg. 12L; 7W

LENGTH: 1011 words


Q. Recently we spoke to management about the embarrassing and deplorable
condition of our clubhouse billiard tables. They said that they would put this
repair job on their "to do" list and complete it soon.

They also agreed to put protective film on the windows to reduce glare. Several
months later and we are still "on the list." Today, a group of pool players went
to see why this was taking so long.

Management now claims since the park has been turned over to a full-time manager
the homeowners are responsible for the maintenance of the billiard room and
other amenities, like card tables, the shuffleboard court, etc.

Our prospectus does state that the billiard tables are not supplied by the park
owner (though they did supply them and have historically maintained them). When
we bought our home we were told it was the park owner's responsibility to
maintain these amenities and the common areas.

A. It is the park owner's responsibility to maintain the amenities -- not your
responsibility. The park manager's historical practice of maintaining the
amenities and their verbal reassurances that they would continue to maintain
those amenities are as enforceable as if they were written in stone.

Section 723.003(4) defines "mobile home lot rental agreement" or "rental
agreement" to mean "... any mutual understanding or lease, whether oral or
written, between a mobile home owner and a mobile home park owner ..."

Section 723.016(4) prohibits false or misleading statements by management. That
section reads: "No advertising materials or oral statement made by any ... park
owner ... shall: (a) Misrepresent a fact or create a false or misleading
impression regarding the mobile home or mobile home park ... (c) Misrepresent
the size, nature, extent, qualities, or characteristics of the offered
facilities, (d) Misrepresent the nature or extent of any service incident to the
tenancy."

Section 723.017 permits a person who is damaged by false or misleading
statements to recover damages or to rescind their contract to purchase. That
section reads: "Any person who pays anything of value toward the purchase of a
mobile home or placement of a mobile home in a mobile home park located in this
state in reasonable reliance upon any material statement or information that is
false or misleading and published by or under authority from the park owner ...
in advertising and promotional materials, including, but not limited to, a
prospectus, the items required as exhibits to a prospectus, brochures, and
newspaper advertising, shall have a cause of action to rescind the contract or
collect damages from the developer, park owner, or mobile home dealer for her or
his loss."

Finally, Section 723.021 recognizes an obligation of good faith and fair
dealings in the performance or enforcement of "Every rental agreement or duty
within this chapter ..."

Q. Our bingo is very popular. Frequently, some of our players have allowed their
grandchildren to accompany them while they play. Occasionally a child will win
and the winnings are then given to the adult with him or her. Is there any
problem with this?

A. Yes, it is prohibited by Florida Statutes Section 849.0931(10)(a) which
reads: "No one under 18 years of age shall be allowed to play any bingo game or
be involved in the conduct of a bingo game in any way."

Q. We have an activities chairperson, co-chairperson, secretary and treasurer
and chairpersons for each activity. Some new homeowners want to break away
totally from the board of directors and just do their own thing.

Our by-laws say that "The board may approve any village social or other group to
be a subsidiary of the association. These groups may be autonomous, which may
include separate finances, officers, plus rules and/or by-laws not inconsistent
with the Articles of Incorporation or any law."

Does this mean that they are and must be under the jurisdiction of the board?
Our activities groups usually have a chairperson. One group lost their
chairperson and wants to use a representative of that group for that position.
Is that allowed?

A. Your board is not required to approve of the activities groups as
subsidiaries of the association. But you may do so if you wish. Those activities
groups should have a chairperson. Why not just appoint one? Section
723.078(2)(a) of the Florida Mobile Home Act reads that "... The board of
directors may appoint and designate other officers and grant them those duties
it deems appropriate."

So, for example, you could appoint a homeowner to be the dinner-dance activities
officer. That homeowner/officer would have whatever duties your board deems to
be appropriate.

Q. I live in a mobile home park in Polk County that has a nine hole golf course.
When anyone wants to buy a mobile home on the golf course, the manager tells the
prospective purchaser that he or she is responsible for any damage to their
mobile home, car, pets, etc., when they are hit by golf balls.

A. This is an ineffective attempt by the manager to limit their liability to the
homeowners. This disclosure does not eliminate the liability and responsibility
of management to design and maintain the course in such a manner that minimizes
the risk of such damage or injury. Nor does it eliminate the liability of
golfers causing such damage or injury.

Florida has been a comparative negligence state for the past 50 years. In
comparative negligence the judge would simply assign the levels of negligence.
Under a comparative negligence standard the park owner would probably have had
his liability slightly reduced (but NOT eliminated) by the homeowner's purchase
of the home on the golf course.

Daniel W. Perry is a former county judge. His practice centers around the
representation of mobile homeowner associations, residential cooperatives and
subdivisions. Questions or comments can be sent to The Ledger, P.O. Box 408,
Lakeland, 33802 or faxed to 407-894-1437. Some questions may be answered in the
column. He also can be reached at dperry@weblawyer.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              89 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                                 August 9, 2010

Some residency applicants misrepresent published works as their own

BYLINE: By Carolyne Krupa, amednews staff. Posted Aug. 9, 2010.

SECTION: PROFESSION

LENGTH: 430 words



HIGHLIGHT: Researchers recommend that residency directors ask applicants to
share copies of their published articles for verification.


Some medical school graduates competing for coveted residency positions
misrepresent themselves in their applications by plagiarizing, or falsifying
published research or education credits.

"There's been an awareness for several years that, unfortunately, not everything
you read on an application is completely derived by the applicant or necessarily
[accurate]," said Henry Sondheimer, MD, senior director for student affairs and
student programs at the Assn. of American Medical Colleges.

Researchers at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock
wanted to see how pervasive the problem was. They looked at how often
ophthalmology residency applicants to the university's Jones Eye Institute
falsified publication credits.

They reviewed 821 applications submitted between Oct. 10, 2000, and Dec. 1,
2004. Fifteen applicants, or 8.1%, misrepresented published articles, according
to the study in the July Archives of Ophthalmology.

Among the falsifiers, 50% elevated their name on the author list, 25% omitted
another author, 12.5% reported nonexistent articles and 12.5% took credit for
articles they had no part in writing. It's impossible to tell if the applicants'
actions were due to carelessness, innocent misunderstandings or deception, the
study said.

"We should not be surprised to learn that willful misrepresentation occurs at
some level, as the risks of detection are low and the rewards of a residency
position are high," the study said.

Study author Michael Wiggins, MD, said the low incidence rate shows that most
applicants have high ethical standards.

To stem falsification of published research, the study recommends that program
directors ask applicants invited for interviews first to forward copies of their
published articles. That's what the Jones Eye Institute started doing in 2009.

Articles then can be verified and used for discussion, said Dr. Wiggins,
associate professor of ophthalmology and associate residency program director at
the eye institute.

"There's really no downside that we can see," he said. "It's very easy. It's no
extra work on us. We see that as something else that the interviewer can talk
about with the interviewee."

The study also found that some applicants reported abstracts as published
articles, but such cases weren't counted as misrepresentation after the
institute's ethics panel deemed that applicants aren't told to make the
distinction.

Weblink

"Misrepresentation by Ophthalmology Residency Applicants," abstract, Archives of
Ophthalmology, July (archopht.ama-assn.org/cgi/content/abstract/128/7/906)

Back to top

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Georgia: McDonough officials misrepresent millage rate breakdown

LENGTH: 63  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Georgia Municipal Association, The State of Georgia has issued the following
news release:

McDonough officials misrepresent millage rate breakdown
Turns out, more than half of the funds generated by the city of McDonough's
proposed tax hike will not go toward public safety positions, despite what city
leaders have said.

For further information please visit: http://www.gmanet.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 29, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ad Attacks Kaine on Immigrant Issues;
Kilgore Commercial Misrepresents Lt. Governor's Views, His Campaign Says

BYLINE: Chris L. Jenkins, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B05

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND Oct. 28


Republican gubernatorial candidate Jerry W. Kilgore unveiled a television ad
Friday evening that focuses on immigration and blasts Democrat Timothy M. Kaine
for supporting taxpayer-financed day-laborer centers and in-state tuition
discounts for undocumented immigrants.

Kaine's campaign responded immediately, saying that the commercial misrepresents
the lieutenant governor's views.

"Illegal immigration: a growing crisis," the ad's narrator says. "Kaine favors
taxpayer-funded job centers and supports in-state tuition discounts for
illegals. Taxpayer benefits for illegal immigrants? What part of 'illegal' does
Tim Kaine not understand?"

With 10 days left until the Nov. 8 election, Kilgore's ads inject a volatile
issue back into the statewide campaign. Polls have shown that the race is a
virtual tie, with Kilgore and Kaine both showing leads within the statistical
margin of error in several recent surveys.

Aides to Kilgore have said they believe that the day-laborer issue  --  and
Kilgore's tough stand against illegal immigration generally  --  will help them
counter Kaine's strength in the inner suburbs of Northern Virginia, which tend
to support Democrats.

But Kaine's campaign aides said the ad distorts the facts. The Democrat has said
local governments  --  not the state  --  should decide whether to use public
funding for day-laborer sites, such as the one that was approved in Herndon in
August, the aides said.

And they said that Kaine opposes in-state tuition for immigrants in the country
illegally. He would make an exception for tax-paying immigrants brought to the
country by their parents and educated in the state's public schools, provided
they were seeking to legalize their status. Gov. Mark R. Warner (D) vetoed a
bill that would have barred illegal immigrants from the tuition benefits in 2003
because it did not grant this exception.

The exchange between the two candidates was the second intense flap over a
Kilgore ad this month. Two weeks ago, Kilgore released a pair of commercials
that attack Kaine's view of the death penalty. Kaine criticized the ads as
mean-spirited and false. Kilgore, the former state attorney general, has
emphasized his law-and-order credentials and conservative values during much of
the campaign.

"This is just the latest in a long string of distortion of the facts from the
Kilgore campaign," said Delacey Skinner, Kaine's press secretary. "In ad after
ad after ad, they have misrepresented the truth and lost credibility in doing
it."

Kilgore's campaign said Kaine is running from his own public statements.

"If he says it's [local governments'] call to make, that means he supports
whatever decision they make," said Tim Murtaugh, Kilgore's press secretary.
Herndon "made the decision to fund it. Therefore, he supports their decision to
fund it. Therefore, he supports the funding."

Reacting to Kaine's explanation that he opposes in-state tuition for illegal
immigrants except in certain circumstances, Murtaugh said: "If there was a world
championship for hair-splitting, Tim Kaine would win it. Jerry Kilgore believes
. . . if you are illegally in this country, you are not eligible for in-state
tuition. Tim Kaine does not believe in that position. Our ad is accurate."

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              92 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           October 20, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Brewery coaches staff on politics Coors' CEO tells workers how to answer
criticism of the company generated by the U.S. Senate race.

BYLINE: Mark P. Couch Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 721 words


Coors Brewing Co.'s top executive has advised company employees how to respond
to criticisms of the brewery that have arisen in the U.S. Senate campaign.

Coors chief executive Leo Kiely III sent an e-mail to Coors workers Friday
claiming that political advertisements misrepresented the company's record on
pollution and layoffs.

Kiely added that the campaign ads shortchange the company's accomplishments,
including charitable giving of $3 million so far this year and 2002 spending of
$356 million with Colorado-based vendors.

Pete Coors, on leave as company chairman, is the state's Republican nominee for
Senate and is touting his business experience. But political opponents have
targeted the company's track record on a number of fronts.

Kiely himself has contributed the maximum $4,000 to Coors' campaign. In his
message to employees he took a nonpartisan approach.

"We have great diversity at Coors," Kiely wrote, "including a full spectrum of
political party affiliations and independents, all working our hearts out to
make, ship, and sell our uniquely refreshing Rocky Mountain-style beer."

He urged workers to "remain focused on doing what we do best" - making beer. The
message includes a two-page "Political Advertising Q&A" document to help workers
respond to queries "from friends and neighbors."

"We meant for that to be an internal document for employees," said Coors
spokeswoman Laura Sankey. "The ads are representing one side of that picture.
This rounds out the context so our employees can help share the message."

The first question in the document states, "An ad mentions fish kills - did
Coors really kill thousands of fish?"

The answer states, in part, "Whenever we've made an environmental misstep, we
have taken full responsibility for our actions, and have acted swiftly to
reverse any negative impact."

In August 2000, the company illegally spilled 77,000 gallons of beer into Clear
Creek, killing more than 50,000 fish.

A year later, the Colorado Division of Wildlife filed a lawsuit against the
company because negotiations had not yet led to a settlement. Colorado law
valued each dead fish at $35, making the potential fine at least $1.75 million.

In December 2001, the company settled the lawsuit by agreeing to build an
artificial wetland and to provide thousands of fish for Denver-area waters to
settle the lawsuit. The deal was valued at $500,000.

Cinamon Watson, spokeswoman for the Coors campaign, said there was "no
coordination" between the candidate and the company's message.

"Anybody who has been attacked in the way Coors (brewing company) has been has
the right to attack back," she said.

This summer, Coors Brewing distanced itself from candidate Coors' support of a
constitutional amendment banning gay marriage. The company offers benefits to
same-sex partners and sponsors gay-pride events.

"We do not support discrimination against the gay-lesbian-bisexual-transgender
community, via legislation or otherwise," Kiely said in June.

The question-and-answer document doesn't address that issue.

It does challenge a political ad that states the company is "one of the worst
corporate polluters" in the state.

"We've been off the Environmental Protection Agency's top polluter list since
1998, when the list was expanded to include a broader industry base such as
mining and utilities," it says.

Last summer, the EPA issued its "toxic release inventory" for 2002 and reported
that Coors Brewing was the fourth-largest source of water pollution in the
state.

In terms of all releases - air, water, land and other emissions - Coors ranks
33rd in the state, according to EPA.

Kiely challenged news reports that Coors Brewing has cut jobs. He wrote that
"over our 130 years, Coors Brewing Company has worked to create thousands of
jobs and invested billions in our communities to make Colorado a better place."

He said "most of the job cuts cited as 'lost' in recent media coverage" were
either "spun off" to other companies or were part of a voluntary retirement and
severance program in 1993.

Coors Brewing has eliminated 900 North American jobs since 1992. More than two
dozen of the people who lost their jobs in the early 1990s filed age-
discrimination cases, and the company settled five cases involving 30 workers.

Staff writer Mark P. Couch can be reached at 303-820-1794 or
mcouch@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CEO Leo Kiely III says political ads misrepresent his company.
PHOTO: CEO Leo Kiely III says political ads misrepresent his company.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 12, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

Misrepresented Prayers

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A16; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 211 words


Judy Mann's column "False Saints and Misdirected Prayers" [June 29], in reaction
to the O. J. Simpson case, misrepresents the Roman Catholic Church and the
actions of Pope John II in beatifying a woman "who died in 1825 and whose sole
claim to the honor was that she had remained faithful to an abusive husband who
ultimately abandoned her and their children."

The story of this woman, Elisabetta Mora, is the story of one of those rare
individuals whose faith gave her the grace to follow the instructions of her
savior, who told us to "Deny yourself, take up your cross each day and follow
me."

She died on her own personal cross and is being offered as a model for us all,
even those of us who can only make a modest first step to her level of sanctity.

Jesus's suffering redeemed both us and all creation, as does all suffering
offered up to God in Jesus's name. Elisabetta Mora's act of faith and suffering
helps redeem us all.

Ms. Mann further misrepresents the church when she writes: "Any denomination
that believes divorce is anathema will believe that a woman is breaking the
covenant by leaving the batterer-husband. ... "This is simply not true. A
separation of the marriage partners does not nullify marriage.

PAUL STARZYNSKI

Arlington

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              94 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 7, 1993, Thursday, City Edition

MetLife to pay for investigator

BYLINE: ROBERT KEEFE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 706 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



At the state's request, Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. has agreed to pay an
independent consultant to investigate how some employees at MetLife's Tampa
sales office were apparently able to misrepresent themselves and their  products
nationally.

"This is an outside, third-party investigator who will look into what  occurred
at MetLife and how it occurred," Jill Chamberlin, spokeswoman for  Insurance
Commissioner Tom Gallagher, said Wednesday.

Earlier Wednesday, Gallagher met with MetLife president Ted Athanassiades  and
company chairman and chief executive Harry Kamen at the company's New York
headquarters "to express his very serious concern," said Chamberlin.

In a letter he hand-delivered, Gallagher urged the MetLife executives "to  admit
the transgressions and do whatever it takes" to correct them, "even  though that
may require thousands of man hours and millions of dollars."

Chamberlin said MetLife agreed to pay the outside investigator, who will be
appointed by the state and report to the state.

Gallagher has accused MetLife salespeople in Tampa of disguising
high-commission whole-life policies as more attractive retirement plans or
annuities and selling these policies to nurses and others nationwide.

He also has accused two MetLife managers in Tampa of forcing some of their  100
or so salespeople to misrepresent the polices - and themselves - or lose  their
jobs.

MetLife has acknowledged that some of its Tampa salespeople, who work
nationwide, may have misrepresented themselves and their products in  unapproved
sales literature.

To make amends, the company has offered refunds to the 18,000 people  nationwide
who have bought policies from the Tampa office since 1988. It also  has told its
13,000 salespeople nationwide to quit soliciting nurses and other  health care
professionals until further notice. MetLife has denied it  improperly fired
employees, however.

MetLife also is getting attention from regulators in other states.  Pennsylvania
has started its own investigation, and Texas has received  complaints from
nurses.

While the Florida Insurance Department is investigating MetLife, other  state
departments apparently supplied MetLife with good sources of sales  leads,
according to state records.

At MetLife's request, the Department of Business and Professional  Regulation on
Aug. 17 mailed to MetLife officials in Tampa lists of  state-registered nurses
in Hernando and Citrus counties, department  spokeswoman Rose Flood said.

But MetLife was looking for more than just nurses.

On Aug. 23, the company was mailed a massive group of lists, according to  state
records. Tampa MetLife officials were sent lists of all state-licensed  doctors,
osteopaths, chiropractors, physicians assistants, physical  therapists,
occupational therapists, speech pathologists, audiologists,  dentists,
optometrists, massage therapists, mental health counselors, marriage  and family
therapists, clinical social workers, psychologists, school  psychologists and
podiatrists.

On Sept. 3, the company was mailed lists it requested of all  state-registered
cosmetologists in Sarasota and Bradenton.

On May 12, the state Department of Education mailed a list of all teachers  in
Polk County to a Lakeland MetLife agent, according to state records. The
Lakeland office is not directly connected to the Tampa sales office.

The state provides mailing lists of licensed professionals to anyone who  wants
them, for a price. MetLife's August and September requests cost about  $ 430.

MetLife officials in New York did not return a reporter's message late
Wednesday seeking comment about the mailing lists and Gallagher's visit.
Officials at MetLife's 2,000-employee regional headquarters in Tampa have
repeatedly declined to talk to the Times in recent weeks.

While the Florida Insurance Department's investigation of MetLife first  focused
on sales to nurses, it has broadened to include other professions,  Chamberlin
said.

The Insurance Department isn't limiting its investigation to just the Tampa
office, either, she said.

"I don't think we're prepared to rope off this investigation in just  Tampa,"
Chamberlin said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Tom Gallagher, (NOP)

                            Times Publishing Company


                              95 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Plastics News

                               September 5, 2011

Watchdog: ACC influences Calif. curriculum

SECTION: Pg. 13 Vol. 23

LENGTH: 943  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


An investigative reporting team alleges that the American Chemistry Council
pressured educational officials in California to revise a section of an
environmental curriculum to present positive information about plastic shopping
bags.

Washington-based ACC said the allegation "distorts and misrepresents" what took
place during a public comment period.

The California Environmental Protection Agency also issued a statement, saying
that all revisions to the Education and Environment Initiative curriculum were
made for "accuracy and educational value" and were "thoroughly vetted."

California Watch, an initiative of the Center for Investigative Reporting,
claims that Gerald Lieberman, a private consultant hired by California school
officials, added a new section to the 11th-grade teachers' edition textbook
called "The Advantages of Plastic Shopping Bags," with the title and some of the
textbook language inserted almost verbatim from letters written by the chemistry
council.

California Watch posted the report Aug. 19 on its website.

The group also alleges that Lieberman added a workbook section that asks
students to list some advantages of plastic bags, and that the correct answer in
the revised teachers' edition is: "Plastic shopping bags are very convenient to
use. They take less energy to manufacture than paper bags, cost less to
transport and can be reused."

The claim by California Watch "distorts and misrepresents public process and the
role the ACC played in it," said Steve Russell, ACC's vice president of
plastics. "When CalEPA developed its curricula, the agency ... posted an
invitation [for public comment] on draft versions of the curricula.

"We submitted comments in response to the state's public solicitation for
input," Russell said. "The purpose of our comments was to correct factual
inaccuracies and to present a more complete view of plastic bags' environmental
attributes, including their benefits, which were absent from the draft. Our
comments, and those of all other stakeholders, were submitted via email and
through an online form on CalEPA's website."

Lieberman is director of the State Education and Environment Roundtable, a
nonprofit group developed by 16 state departments of education to enhance
environmental education in schools. He declined to comment on his role in
editing the textbook, and referred Plastics News to CalEPA, which defended the
Education and Environment Initiative curriculum.

"We stand by the integrity of the EEI curriculum and the open and transparent
process in which it was created," said Lindsey VanLaningham, communications
director for CalEPA. "The curriculum was thoroughly vetted by all appropriate
state agencies and was ultimately approved [unanimously] by the California State
Board of Education.

"Throughout the development process, the state made revisions to the curriculum
based on two primary factors: (1) accuracy, and (2) educational value," said
VanLaningham. "Teacher feedback supports our belief that the EEI engages
students on issues of vital importance to them and their environment, including
the role of plastic in our society."

However, state Sen. Fran Pavley, D-Santa Monica, author of the 2003 legislation
that requires environmental principles and concepts be taught in the state's
public schools, plans to ask CalEPA officials to tweak the current text to
remove language that portrays plastic bags in a favorable light.

The curriculum covers science, history, social studies and the arts, and weaves
in environmental principles and concepts. It is currently being tested at 19
school districts that include 140 schools and more than 14,000 students. An
additional 400 school districts have signed up to use it, according to Cal-EPA.

In its letter to CalEPA dated Aug. 14, 2009, ACC said it felt the lesson plan on
Mass Production, Marketing and Consumption in the Roaring Twenties was
"extensive in its inaccuracies and bias about plastic and plastic bags.

"The ACC takes exception to the overall tone, instructional approach and the
lack of solutions offered - most especially, the lack of mention of the overall
solution of plastic recycling," wrote Alyson Thomas, a senior account executive
with Ogilvy Public Relations Worldwide, who submitted the letter on behalf of
ACC.

"We recommend that the list of concerns related to plastic bags be balanced with
a measured response regarding efforts ... to promote the recycling of plastic
bags," ACC said.

Plastic bags are referred to as "litter" in the text, ACC said. "To be clear,
plastic bags don't start as litter. They can become litter through behavioral
actions leading to inappropriate disposal."

The new text incorporated that view, as it now says that plastic bags "can
become litter," instead of calling them litter as the original version.

According to California Watch, the first teachers' edition also had been highly
critical of plastic shopping bags, noting the long decomposition rate of the
bags and their threat to marine life and ocean health.

That information remains in the text, but a section on the benefits of plastic
bags was added, after ACC made its comments.

"To counteract what is perceived as an exclusively negative positioning of
plastic bags issues, we recommend adding a section entitled 'Benefits of Plastic
Shopping Bags,' ACC said in its letter.

It suggested that the text point out that plastic grocery bags require 70
percent less energy to manufacture than paper ones, that lightweight plastic
bags save space and fuel in transport, and that plastic bags are reusable, and
also can be recycled and made into new plastic bags, and plastic lumber for
decking, park benches and picnic tables.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   November 28, 1987, Saturday, City Edition

AIDS-punishment view decried

SECTION: RELIGION; WORLD DIGEST; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: TORONTO; GENEVA, SWITZERLAND; LAKE JUNALUSKA, N.C.; WASHINGTON



TORONTO - Calling AIDS divine punishment misrepresents God's character,
according to 130 Christian ethicists, theologians, health care    professionals
and community workers who met to discuss the subject. The    consultation,
sponsored by the U.S. National Council of Churches, the    World Council of
Churches and the Canadian Council of Churches,    declared, "We believe that
attempts to link the AIDS crisis with the    wrath of God are irresponsible,
seriously harmful and misrepresent the    character of God. God calls us as a
people, a whole people, and no one    is expendable."



 Grant to help oppressed people

 GENEVA, SWITZERLAND - The World Council of Churches has awarded grants
totaling $ 539,000 through its Special Fund to Combat Racism for    distribution
to groups involved in humanitarian activities among    oppressed peoples. More
than half of the money will go to groups    working against apartheid and
related problems in South Africa. Seven    U.S. organizations are among the
recipients, including groups working    to aid Haitians in the Miami area, black
women in the southern United    States, native Hawaiians, native Americans in
the Northwest, Quaker    programs opposing apartheid in South Africa and a
campaign to stop U.S.    aid to Angolan rebels. Officials said money for the
fund comes from    contributions specifically designated for the purpose by
member    denominations, individual congregations, ecumenical councils,
anti-racism groups and governments.



 Methodists to pray over arms talks

 LAKE JUNALUSKA, N.C. - The United Methodist Council of Bishops has
designated Sunday, Dec. 6, as a special day of prayer in United    Methodist
churches for the disarmament negotiations scheduled the next    day in
Washington between President Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail    Gorbachev. The
action taken at the semi-annual meeting of the    denomination's 61 active
bishops and about 50 retired bishops also    included a resolution commending
both leaders for their efforts on    behalf of disarmament. Bishop Earl G. Hunt
of Lakeland is president of    the council.



 Public affairs officer to leave

 WASHINGTON - Russell Shaw, longtime secretary for public affairs of    the U.S.
Catholic Conference and American bishops, is leaving the post    Dec. 1 to
become public information director for the Knights of    Columbus, a Catholic
fraternal organization.



 Law to stop deportations urged

 WASHINGTON - Sixteen Protestant, Roman Catholic and Jewish groups have    urged
the U.S. Senate to approve legislation to temporarily stop    deportation of
Salvadorans and Nicaraguans who face uncertain futures    in their homelands.
Noting that the United States in the past 27 years    has granted stays of
deportation to 15 nationalities fleeing civil    strife in their homelands,
presently including Poles, Afghans and    Ethiopians, the religious groups said,
"Despite repeated appeals,    however, the same protection has not been offered
refugees from Central    America" although "human rights violations continue to
exact a heavy    toll on civilians" in that area. The groups backed passage of a
bill    by Sen. Dennis DeConcini, D-Ariz., to authorize an inquiry into the
fates of deported Salvadorans and Nicaraguans and to grant stays to    those now
in this country during the investigation. A similar bill by    Rep. Joseph
Moakley, D-Mass., passed the House last July.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              97 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             July 15, 2006 Saturday

It's clear that biology influences sexual orientation

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 650 words


Views on sexual orientation were misrepresented

In 1991 I published a report in Science that described a difference in brain
structure between homosexual and heterosexual men.

Although this was not the first biological study of sexual orientation, it drew
a great deal of attention both from the general public and within the scientific
community. It was followed by a wealth of other studies, and collectively these
have greatly strengthened the general conclusion that I drew 15 years ago:
Biological factors - including prenatal brain development, hormones and genes -
exert a powerful influence on the direction of a person's sexual attractions.

The scientific evidence has helped many people view homosexuality and gay people
with greater understanding and acceptance, but it has provoked antagonistic
responses from those who are heavily invested in the concept of homosexuality as
something undesirable or sinful.

Among the latter is David Clarke Pruden, director of Evergreen International, an
organization that offers religion-based sexual conversion treatment to gay or
lesbian Mormons. In a July 8 opinion piece in the Tribune, Pruden presents a
wholly misleading account of scientific research in the field of sexual
orientation.

Pruden grossly misrepresents me as someone who has abandoned or disproved the
biological perspective. He quotes me as saying that my 1991 study, by itself,
didn't prove whether gay people are "born that way." That's true, but the
totality of the available evidence points strongly in that direction. For
readers who would like more information about the science, I have posted a
detailed review of the biology of sexual orientation on my easily Googled Web
site.

Employing a turn of phrase calculated to confuse any reader, Pruden writes that
a recent genetic study from the University of Illinois "reported that there is
no one gay gene." That's correct - it reported evidence for three! How does
finding three "gay genes" rather than one show that the born-that-way theory of
homosexuality has "no basis in science," as Pruden argues?

Pruden also misrepresents the research of psychiatrist Robert Spitzer by
reporting that he found a high rate of success among people undergoing
conversion treatment. In reality, Spitzer specifically recruited people who
claimed to have already successfully completed conversion treat- ment.

Thus, his numbers say nothing about the chances that a gay person contemplating
such treatment would end up changing his or her sexual orientation. By all
accounts, the chances of "success" - if that is the right word - are far
outweighed by the likelihood of experiencing lasting psychological trauma. The
American Psychiatric and Psychological Associations have both gone on record as
opposing the practice of, and need for, sexual conversion.

Evergreen International trumpets the fact that some homosexual people can
function in heterosexual marriages, including in the bedroom. But is that so
surprising? That's what most gays and lesbians did, after all, back in the days
before there was the option of joining an out-of-the-closet gay community. A
more relevant question is, why should they feel the need to go back into that
dark and painful space?

According to Evergreen, homosexuality is incompatible with a Mormon identity, so
that gay Mormons must reject either their sexual orientation or their culture
and religion. Yet eloquent voices are speaking up in favor of an integration of
the two.

Here's how Family Fellowship, a Utah-based support group, puts it in its mission
statement: "We share our witness that gay and lesbian Mormons can be great
blessings in the lives of their families, and that families can be great
blessings in the lives of their gay and lesbian members."

---

Simon LeVay is a neuroscientist who has written or co-authored eight books,
including The Sexual Brain, Queer Science, and the textbook Human Sexuality.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 18, 2014 Friday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1070 words


Passing gun laws won't end attacks

What will Gov. Andrew Cuomo do now that there's been another tragedy at a
school? Last time it was Sandy Hook Elementary, when he passed the SAFE Act in
the middle of the night. Now it's a school outside of Pittsburgh. I imagine the
Cutlery Act, banning us from buying any type of knife, because this time a gun
wasn't used. He can pass it on Easter, knowing most of us will be celebrating
that or Passover and we'll be too busy to voice our opinions. Maybe he can call
it the Steel Act; it did happen just outside the Steel City.

Nobody, not a governor or even the president of the United States, will be able
to stop a person from committing these massacres no matter how many laws are
passed. These people have psychological issues far beyond the passing of bad
laws such as the SAFE Act. I urge people to call or write their state
legislators and tell them to repeal this law, which only took away more of our
rights and freedoms.

God forbid this happens at a school in New York, where an individual is at his
child's school but can't defend himself or the children because he had to leave
his gun at home because of the SAFE Act. If it was me and this happened, my
first lawsuit would be against the state and Cuomo for banning me from defending
myself and my child.

James J. Trzaska

West Seneca

Don't lump all drivers into box based on age

The article on car insurance rate factors was very interesting to me. I have
never received a ticket, never caused an accident and don't text or use the
cellphone. I drive about 3,000 miles a year and own a 3-year-old car in
excellent condition. I don't play loud music, and rarely have a passenger. I am
in very good health and have my eyes examined every year. I drive at the speed
limit and don't tailgate.

However, this year I received a birthday gift from my insurance carrier when I
turned 85. I'm now on a chart with everyone else. I've been paying premiums for
62 years. I don't appreciate being put in a box with everyone else.

Carolyn Schlifke

Williamsville

Radford misrepresents magnet school families

In a recent News article regarding segregation in the Buffalo Public Schools,
outspoken DPCC President Sam Radford said, "Privileged people are going to see
change differently than underprivileged people." The privileged people he refers
to are families in Buffalo magnet schools.

I am a parent of three children attending Olmsted 156, one of the magnet
programs cited in a recent civil rights complaint, which Radford has openly
supported. I am indeed a privileged person; but not for the reasons he asserts I
am. Privilege comes from taking the responsibility to become actively involved
in our children's schools - wherever they may be - working to initiate change,
one small gain at a time.

Before Olmsted, we spent seven years in a non-magnet school. I volunteered daily
in classrooms - providing reading support, helping to deal with emotional and
behavioral issues, witnessing the effects of poverty, hunger, neglect, fear and
a blatant lack of parental involvement on a child's learning experience. I was
privileged to play a part in a proactive, holistic approach to education that
took into account all factors affecting success.

Radford's statements misrepresent families in Buffalo magnet schools. Magnet
schools were created to meet the needs of students from across the district who
exhibited exemplary achievement in schoolwork, standardized and entrance exam
scores, and whose accelerated trajectory of achievement was not being met
through traditional programs. But Olmsted is still a public school in an
impoverished district with a culturally diverse community composed of 28 percent
white and 72 percent minority students. The majority of our families struggle to
overcome socioeconomic adversity daily. Yet our parental involvement is
commendable. Our parents refuse to let hardship dictate their involvement in
their children's education. It is a power and a privilege afforded to all
parents; but unfortunately, it is too often missing from our schools.

Amy Cappelli

Buffalo

Does Weppner think local voters are fools?

Does congressional candidate Kathy Weppner take the citizens of Erie County for
fools and of no decent or moral quality? During her shock radio talk show a
short time ago, she insulted immigrants and African-Americans and made
ridiculous birther allegations against the president.

Now she wants to take on the herculean task of opposing Rep. Brian Higgins and
representing our area in Congress. There is no take-back button. We want
continued progress and Weppner's negative stereotypes aren't appreciated in this
region.

Martin P. Farrell

West Seneca

Court was wise to reject limits on contributions

After reading so many opinion essays and letters in this paper denouncing the
recent Supreme Court ruling that says, in essence, "money is speech," I decided
that someone needs to write in favor of said ruling.

If someone wants his given party or candidate to win an election, he should be
free to contribute whatever amount of money he wants.

Last I checked, this is America, and the First Amendment protects all forms of
speech and expression; donating money to this or that cause definitely falls
under that umbrella.

What this ruling tells the left-leaning liberals in places like the media,
unions, pressure groups and so on is this: They now have to compete openly and
fairly with voices from the right of the political spectrum.

Everyone should give thanks for the Supreme Court's wise ruling.

Lloyd Marshall Jr.

Lockport

Bisons should consider program to attract fans

I read in a recent News article that attendance for Buffalo Bisons games has
fallen off dramatically.

I am not an avid fan of the baseball team, but years ago the team had a program
where you could sign up for several games of a person's selection, pick out a
seat you would like to sit in and also get a hot dog or hamburger and a drink
(non-alcoholic) for a set price. This package was affordable and made me go to
the games.

However, this was a new program and the guaranteed seat you chose was usually
unavailable, so you sat in a different section for each game. When the next
season came up, I was not interested. Perhaps this program was too new and not
thought out properly. However, I think if this program was resurrected and
planned properly, it would be attractive to a lot of people. Something to think
about.

John Canney

Orchard Park

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                              June 1, 2012 Friday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Who's a bad boss?

BYLINE: Jon Chavez

SECTION: YOURTIME; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 476  words


LIFESTYLE

DO you work for a bad boss? If you're not sure, then you probably don't.

A professor of management has analysed years of seminar data from workers, and
it turns out some obvious and consistent traits earmark the truly awful ones.

``When people were asked to chronicle their worst boss, they either cited lack
of character or competency,'' says Clint Longenecker, a professor of leadership
and organisational excellence at Ohio's University of Toledo in the US.

Longenecker, who has conducted leadership seminars for 12 years, says he always
asks participants to think of their worst boss and then write a description.

``About 18 months ago, I decided to take those answers and analyse them,'' he
says.

The findings revealed what Longenecker describes as a ``dirty dozen'' -- the 12
most frequent traits of a bad boss.

Bosses who are arrogant, prideful, inflexible and always right top the list,
followed by those who are unprincipled and untrustworthy, misrepresent the truth
or lie.

``What's particularly interesting is to get people talking about their worst
boss,'' he says. ``It quickly turns into a `Can you top this' sort of thing.''

But recognising a bad boss is only part of the problem. Those working under a
bad boss must also decide what to do about it.

``If your boss is doing something unethical, you have to get out of there
immediately,'' Longenecker says.

``But if your boss is someone who is bad and you're in a scene where jobs are
scarce, you have to brush up your coping skills.''

Longenecker says most workers will reach a ``tipping point'' where they make a
conscious effort to look for another job.

``The good thing is it's easier to find a job when you have a job,'' he says.

Those who decide to stick it out often find their bad boss has a negative impact
on their professional and personal life.

The deteriorating relationship can also make it difficult for bad bosses to get
the desired results from their workers.

``Most bad bosses lack the ability to connect with other people,'' he says.

``If you're working for one, understand how it affects you. And if you're
working for one and realise it's affecting you badly, get out of there
quickly.'' AAP

Traits of a bad boss

1. Arrogant, prideful, inflexible and always right

2. Unprincipled and untrustworthy, misrepresents the truth and lies

3. Fails to create clear direction and clarify performance expectations

4. Ineffective at providing performance feedback and recognition

5. Bad at communicating

6. Erratic and has unpredictable behaviour and moods

7. Takes credit and avoids blame

8. Doesn't plan effectively and is crisis-driven

9. Doesn't develop people or help them get ahead

10. Doesn't solve problems or improve processes

11. Technically incompetent and lacks talent

12. Makes unwise, ill-informed and ineffective decisions

Source: Industrial Management, Institute of Industrial Engineers

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                           September 30, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

We need to re-assert ourselves in being Canadian

BYLINE: Wayne Cao, Red Deer Express

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1013  words


The atrocious acts of terrorism in New York have shocked the world. It gives me
pain to feel for the men, women and children sitting in the planes, and the
people working in the WTC office towers. Their lives were snuffed out by a
fanatic few.

It makes me realize that a few who have their own peculiar social and religious
agendas have been trying to force it on the majority of others. Terrorism is the
method of a few to dominate the weak and intimidate the majority to follow or
stay in line. Having some experience with the brutality of war in Vietnam, I
want to share some points.

Let's start at a village in a less developed area of the world. There are the
local thugs who, in the name of their community, force their ways on people.

People in the village are terrorized by cruel beatings and killings. Individuals
either are cowered into submission by intimidation or escape from the control of
terror. Once in control, those thugs then misrepresent their community to the
outside world.

During the last century, this process has gone beyond the village environment
and moved into the national level. There are groups using terror to take over
their countries, implementing their own social and religious agendas.

They are dictatorships ruling over countries and waging wars on one another.
Millions have died as the result of such social re-engineering attempts by a
few, such as the Nazi, Khmer Rouge, Communist and Fundamentalist regimes.

Again, the ordinary majority of people either are cowered by intimidation into
submission or escape from the control of terror, and those terrorizing groups
project themselves as the representation of their country majority to the
outside world.

In our ``global village'' of today, not only is this terrorizing process still
happening at the village and national levels, it now has reached the global
level. The terrorizing intimidator groups from a corner of the world have been
trying their best to misrepresent the majority of their community and to cower
us all into their ways.

They are threatening our very freedom and democracy. They want to turn off the
shining beacon of individual liberty and turn back our world into their mould of
darkness.

For centuries, right at the beginning, people have come to Canada or North
America to escape from tyranny, prosecution and hardships. Waves and waves of
immigrants from all walks of life, from all corners of the world, together have
been building this land into a great nation. We have been seeking safety,
freedom and quality of life. Now all that is threatened.

So, as Canadians, what can we do?

Of course, we must defend our freedoms and fight against tyranny.

And before taking further actions, we must strengthen our home front defence and
solidarity..

First, we should be alert to the techniques of terrorist groups. After striking
they hide under a larger population that is hard to discern from them.

They incite the anger against them and direct it at those who are either neutral
or hard to discern from them. The calls, threats and physical harms made against
a certain ethnic or religious group are definitely encouraged by the terrorist
organizers. They themselves do those as well, fanning the flame of hatred so to
speak.

They create division, confusion and suspicion in our society, in order to weaken
us and draw support to their side. As Canadians we should not fall into their
trap and trick.

Secondly, I believe that we need to re-assert ourselves in being Canadian. From
within each ethnic group, we need to dismantle ethnic boundaries.

Within any particular ethnic language and attitude, every one of us who lives in
Canada must assert ourselves as being Canadian. So many times, I witness that
people of a particular ethnic group identify and call themselves by their
ethnicity and call others as Canadian or by other ethnic names.

It is time we should change our attitude. We should stop saying we are so-and-so
Canadian and stop asking other Canadians, even casually, if they are
such-and-such ethnic.

As we know, thoughts become words; words become actions, actions become habits
and habits become our characters.

In Canada, there are only Canadians, period. Other ethnic names are reserved for
the people who reside in those countries of the world.

Canada must not be built into an archipelago of isolated ethnic islands.

From within each ethnic group, we need to break out, reach out and cross ethnic
boundaries, if not to dismantle them entirely, so that our coming generations
see, talk and feel transparent as Canadians.

I also wish that whatever ethnic cultures or religions practiced in Canada
should somehow be translated, transparent and open to other Canadians who do not
understand that particular language or rite. This is the best way to promote
that particular culture to future generations and the wider public, rather than
limiting it to a narrowly bounded ethnic community.

With the recent horrific events, the pest of fanatic terrorism has invaded and
threatened our whole Canadian garden. I believe now is the time for us to
refocus ourselves: to look after our whole Canadian garden, rather than just
tending for our own particular flower bed.

Why do we need to do this ?

We need to be alert to any self-proclaimed groups of fanatics operating in
Canada for some causes that bear no national interest for Canada. We need to
prevent the potential growth of activists and terrorists from breaking up our
Canadian solidarity by playing the ethnic or religious card inside Canada.

Once we have decided to take up residence in Canada, we are Canadian, period. It
is like a bright new chapter of life after a difficult divorce, our new family
and love is for our fellow Canadians.

Our duties and interests are for Canadians. Our loyalty is to Canada,
unconditionally and regardless. Our compassion is for humanity. Our inspiration
is freedom for the world.

Thank you for letting me to share my vision of Canada with you.

Wayne Cao

MLA for Calgary-Fort

Cao was born in Vietnam and lived in many parts of the world before choosing
Canada as his home after the Vietnam War.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2001 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 10, 1994, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

RIGHTS AND VALUES IN MISSOURI; OPPONENTS OF BIAS-CRIMES LEGISLATION MISREPRESENT
WHAT IT MEANS

BYLINE: Arlene Zarembka Copyright 1994 by Arlene Zarembka

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 933 words

COMMENTARY COLUMN


Missouri's Amendment Coalition is waging war on minorities. In its efforts to
repeal civil rights protections, it is using bogus "special rights" and
"minority status" lingo to misrepresent civil rights and    bias-crimes laws.

Its most recent success was the 16,385-to-6,757 vote in Springfield, Mo., in
early February to repeal that city's bias-crime ordinance. The ordinance was
enacted by a 7-to-2 vote of the City Council in October after a mayor's task
force found that a significant number of bias-motivated crimes were occurring in
Springfield. The law made it a crime to assault others or to damage property
because of hostility due to the race, color, gender, religion, national origin,
disability or sexual orientation of the victim.

Even the relatively conservative Missouri Supreme Court wrote recently in a
decision upholding Missouri's ethnic-intimidation law that bias-motivated hate
crimes "inflict substantial emotional harm on the victim and society as a
whole."

The bias crimes reverse in Springfield comes on the heels of a Festus City
Council vote in January to delete sexual orientation from the protections of its
civil rights law. The Amendment Coalition spearheaded that effort as well.

To gain support for its attack on civil rights, the Amendment Coalition is
circulating a video that declares there is something in the law called
"protected minority class status" (what the Amendment Coalition also simply
calls "minority status"). It claims that civil rights laws give racial and
ethnic minorities some sort of "special rights and privileges," "advantages" and
"elevated status."

"Minority status" and "special rights" are phrases concocted by the extreme
right to inflame passions so as to undermine support for necessary and important
civil rights protections. There simply is no legal meaning to either of these
phrases. Civil rights and bias-crimes laws provide remedies for various types of
discrimination and violence, and do not limit their coverage to members of
minority groups. Civil rights laws protect everyone from certain types of
discrimination. Likewise, bias-crimes laws protect everyone from hate violence
that is motivated by certain types of prejudice.

People of any color or race, including whites, may file claims of discrimination
or bias violence if they have suffered discrimination or violence because of
color or race. Indeed, the hate crimes case that resulted in the U.S. Supreme
Court upholding the validity of such laws involved a racially motivated assault
on a white youth by a group of black youths.

Similarly, both men and women may file claims of sex discrimination. Men used
sex discrimination laws to win the right to be flight attendants for Pan
American airlines in 1971. Likewise, people of any religion, or no religion at
all, may file claims of religious discrimination.

Finally, where civil rights laws prohibit discrimination based upon sexual
orientation, people who have suffered discrimination due to their sexual
orientation - whether that orientation is heterosexual, homosexual or bisexual -
may file claims of sexual-orientation discrimination. When civil rights laws
fail to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation, heterosexuals, as
well as gays, lesbians and bisexuals, lose out. For example, four heterosexual
women who were fired recently in Florida by a bar that decided to go gay cannot
file a claim of sexual-orientation discrimination because their city does not
have a law prohibiting such discrimination.

In short, civil rights and bias-crimes laws do not confer status on or give
special rights to any minority group, nor are their protections limited to
members of minority groups. Whites, men, Christians and heterosexuals all can
use laws prohibiting discrimination based on race, gender, religion and sexual
orientation when they suffer discrimination. Although most civil rights laws
originated from discrimination or violence experienced by members of minority
groups, they provide everyone with remedies for discrimination that is based on
a category of discrimination (e.g. race, color, sex, religion, national origin,
disability and, where included in civil rights laws, sexual orientation). Repeal
of civil rights and bias-crimes laws hurts everyone.

The Springfield and Festus campaigns by the Amendment Coalition are,
unfortunately, but dry runs for its statewide attack on civil rights. Its
members are circulating a petition to put a constitutional amendment on the
November ballot that would effectively amend Missouri's equal protection clause
to discriminate against gay men, lesbians and bisexuals in all branches of
government - judicial, legislative and executive. In promoting this effort, it
is using the same "minority status" and "special rights" lingo, in an attempt to
hoodwink voters into supporting its efforts. Voters should not be fooled, and
should not sign its petitions. Initiative Petition For A Constitutional
Amendment "Shall the Consitution of Missouri be amended by adding a new Article
which wuld prohibit the state of Missouri, through any of its branches,
departments or agencies, and its political subdivisions, including counties,
municipalities and school districts, from enacting, adopting or enforcing any
staute, order, regulation, rule, ordinance, resolution or policy whereby
homosexual, lesbian or bisexual activity, conduct or orientation shall entitle
any person or class of persons to have or demand any minority status, protected
status, quota preference, affirmative action or claim of discrimination?"

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              102 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 28, 2009 Saturday

Casey misrepresents stance, bishop says

BYLINE: Borys Krawczeniuk, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Feb. 28--In a new, publicly published letter, Bishop Joseph F. Martino accuses
Sen. Bob Casey's staff of representing one of the senator's votes as pro-life on
abortion when it really isn't.

The letter reignites the public debate between the senator and the bishop.

It also restates the reasons for the bishop's opposition and says his
interpretation of the matter is "in no way mistaken." It was published Thursday
in the Catholic Light, the Diocese of Scranton's tri-weekly newspaper.

The debate centers on Mr. Casey's vote against a legislative amendment that
would have prohibited the use of American taxpayer dollars to fund foreign
family planning groups that promote or perform abortions.

President Bush enforced the policy, known as the Mexico City Policy, but
President Barack Obama reversed it.

The bishop contends Mr. Casey's failure to vote for the amendment will lead to
far more abortions abroad. He first made the argument to Mr. Casey in a Jan. 30
letter, saying the vote against the prohibition amounted to "cooperating with
... evil."

Mr. Casey, himself and through a spokesman, has argued that providing family
planning dollars to the foreign groups will lead to fewer pregnancies as the
groups encourage the use of contraception. He says federal law, since 1973, has
forbidden the groups from using American tax dollars for abortions and says he
remains firmly against abortion.

The bishop, following Catholic teaching, says artificial contraception to
prevent pregnancy is wrong. In both letters, he calls artificial contraception
"immoral."

Asked for comment, Larry Smar, Mr. Casey's spokesman, restated the senator's
position. "With the ... prohibitions firmly in place, Sen. Casey voted to
support U.S. funding for overseas family planning precisely because it reduces
the number of abortions," Mr. Smar said in an e-mailed statement. "Currently,
more than half of all unintended pregnancies end in abortion. Very simply, fewer
unintended pregnancies means fewer abortions. Women who are not pregnant don't
have abortions."

"The bishop declines to be interviewed, and there will be no further comment on
his letter to Sen. Casey," diocesan spokesman Bill Genello said.

Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090228-YT-Casey-misrepresents-stance-bishop-says-0228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              103 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            December 20, 2009 Sunday

Casino groups in tiff over e-mail

BYLINE: By ERIN JAMES The Evening Sun

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 686 words


The citizens' group that backs plans for an Adams County casino is questioning
the methods of an opposition group that's trying to influence state legislators
in reforming Pennsylvania gambling laws.

Pro Casino Adams County spokesman Jeff Klein said he believes that many
Pennsylvania legislators are receiving calls and e-mails from out-of-state
residents who are representing themselves as constituents opposed to a casino
near the Gettysburg battlefield.

Klein said he believes the idea is being encouraged by members of the No Casino
Gettysburg Web sites - a charge staunchly denied by that group's president,
Susan Star Paddock. Paddock said the anti-casino group is encouraging both
Pennsylvania residents and out-of-staters to contact legislators, but not to
misrepresent themselves as constituents if that is not the case.

"I don't think anybody has ever told anybody to do that," Paddock said. "We did
say call the Pennsylvania Legislature, and people did. Nobody has tried to fool
anybody."

Klein, however, said he's concerned that legislators are being led to believe
that a vast majority of their constituents oppose a casino near Gettysburg
National Military Park and are thus being compelled to support legislation that
might prevent Gettysburg businessman David LeVan from pursuing such a project
within a mile of the battlefield's nearest boundary.

"They are our elected officials," Klein, a Biglerville resident, said. "That's
our voice that they should be hearing. They should not be hearing voices from
Kansas, California, whatever, that are falsifying they're from Pennsylvania."

Klein said he is basing his opinion on the contents of an e-mail that was sent
this week to members of a No Casino Gettysburg page on Facebook.

The e-mail encourages its readers to contact legislators and voice their
opinion. It includes a link to the state House page where there is the option to
enter a ZIP code or county of residence to be linked to one's state lawmakers.

"If your (sic) not a resident just choose a county from (the) same right hand
box and be random," the e-mail also states.

Paddock said Pro Casino Adams County members are incorrect in assuming the
e-mail implies that people misrepresent themselves. She added that out-of-state
residents also have a right to voice their opinions.

"My own thought is that our heritage tourists are stakeholders in this
controversy because they are customers of Gettysburg businesses," Paddock said.
"When we damage the image of Gettysburg in the eyes of our customers, then the
mom-and-pop stores that cater to heritage tourists all over Gettysburg and Adams
County will also lose money."

LeVan and his business partner, Joseph Lashinger, want to obtain a Category 3
gaming license and convert part of the Eisenhower Hotel and Conference Center in
Cumberland Township to a resort casino. But they are at the mercy of the state
Legislature as lawmakers attempt to reform gaming laws.

The Cumberland Township plans cannot move forward unless the Legislature
approves a law that either creates new licenses or re-opens the application
process for the only remaining one.

Because LeVan's plan hinges on the legislation, the ongoing negotiations in
Harrisburg have intensified the local debate.

One local representative has, in fact, stated that he has heard overwhelmingly
from residents who oppose the casino plans. Rep. Will Tallman, R-Reading
Township, said about 80 percent of his e-mails take that stance.

Meanwhile, another local legislator proposed an amendment this week that - had
it not been overwhelmingly defeated in the Senate Rules Committee - would have
created a 12-mile, no-casino buffer zone around the battlefield.

Sen. Rich Alloway, R-Chambersburg, made the proposal on Wednesday.

Klein said Pro Casino Adams County members have also been encouraging supporters
to contact legislators. He said he believes that more locals are actually in
favor of LeVan's idea than oppose it.

But, Klein said, local casino supporters are at a disadvantage if legislators
consider the opinions of non-residents.

"I'm playing within the rules," Klein said. "I'm not bending them."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

YOUR VIEWS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 727 words


Gingrich offers ideas on gasoline prices

The author of a Monday letter titled "Gingrich clueless on gas prices, too"
should go to http://n.pr/AuKy3x and listen to the solutions Gingrich describes
during a National Public Radio interview. You may not agree with them, but at
the very least he is not clueless.

And when the writer states that the GOP blames President Barack Obama for the
high gas prices, does he forget that the Democrats blamed Bush for high prices?
Oh, I guess that was different.

Some of the ways Gingrich suggests that we can get to lower gas prices are by
deregulation, opening up the Gulf, opening up fields in Alaska and opening
federal lands. These are just a few suggestions he gives. I hope you tune in.

- Tom Pregont, Monroe

Celebrate two years of health care act

Happy two-year anniversary to the "Affordable Care Act." Its accomplishments are
numerous already and include eliminating pre-existing condition exclusions,
expanding insurance to millions of young adults who can remain on their parents'
health insurance until age 26, and reducing the cost of prescription drugs for
seniors on Medicare.

The hidden jewels of the health care law include funding and flexibility for
innovative models of care that would change how physicians and hospitals are
paid to reward high-quality outcomes and patient-centered care, instead of
ramping up the volume of tests and procedures.

As a family physician, I know the value of spending time with patients to
emphasize prevention and improved self-management of chronic conditions such as
diabetes.

Why anyone would be against this is hard to figure. The controversial individual
mandate is a matter of fairness - it helps bring everyone into a system we all
will use sooner or later.

Presuming the U.S. Supreme Court rules in favor of this uniquely American
solution to health care reform, one that follows the model of Massachusetts
established by Gov. Mitt Romney, the next step is for Wisconsin to set up our
version of a health care exchange that must be ready within months. Improving
our health in Wisconsin depends on it.

- Dr. Jeff Huebner, Madison

Voter ID cartoon misrepresents issue

Editorial cartoonist Phil Hands should have depicted a scarecrow - rather than
an elephant - asking an elderly woman for her ID in Sunday's newspaper. That's
because the objective of the cartoon was to establish a straw man to frighten
people, including the elderly.

Using the phrase "We need to see documentation that proves you are allowed to
vote" instead of the more accurate "We need to see a photo ID that proves you
even live in this state" is another attempt to misrepresent the minor difficulty
that a very few lawful voters might encounter if voter ID is required.

The assault against this very simple measure leads me to the obvious conclusion
that those opposed to it are worried about the greater difficulty that unlawful
voters might run into, thereby diminishing the available stockpile of extra
votes, should they be needed in a close election.

- Chuck Phipps, Lodi

Thompson wrong to rely on fossil fuels

Sunday's article on Tommy Thompson said he is proposing a GOP-friendly energy
plan that ignores wind and electricity in favor of fossil fuels. It is a shame,
perhaps a tragedy, when politicians and voters turn their backs on the facts of
energy economics and climate change, and repeat choices that are bad for both
the economy and the environment.

Thompson knows better. He knows, as does anyone informed about energy issues,
that our dependence on oil is unsustainable. Prices will continue increasing as
China and India consume more, while we consume expensive, dirty, tar-sands oil.
For a healthy economy, we must switch to renewable energy.

In addition, global warming from burning fossil fuels is already affecting our
climate, which will continue to get worse.

Carbon Fee and Dividend, or the similar Save our Climate Act, would put a
gradually increasing fee on fossil fuels. The burden is reduced by returning all
or most of the money to the people, in equal shares per capita. International
trade inequities can be solved with adjustments on imports and exports for
energy cost differences.

This, plus eliminating fossil fuel subsidies, would help alternative energy
sources compete in the market, reducing our dependence on oil and saving the
climate at the same time.

- Glen Ecklund, Madison

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                              June 4, 2006 Monday

Platts question meant to mislead

BYLINE: The Evening Sun

LENGTH: 322 words


Editor:

I just received a mailing from Congressman Todd Platts. In it was the results of
his constituent survey. This survey consisted of 19 questions, of which 18 were
straightforward and to the point. Strangely, one question is long, convoluted,
misleading and designed to justify his poor environmental voting record.

Question 13 asks if drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge should be
permitted if there is no significant impact on wildlife and habitat. This
question is deliberately phrased to garner results that misrepresent public
opinion, a classic political ploy. His question implies that regulation and
lease conditions will magically make oil extraction in the Arctic Refuge an
inconsequential factor in the health of America's last undisturbed wilderness.

Mr. Platts knows the truth. He knows that there is no safe way to extract oil
from this critically sensitive ecosystem. He knows the "footprint" is huge
(almost 1.5 million acres  not the 2,000 acre lie spread by Exxon-Mobile). He
knows drilling will have next to zero effect on gas prices. He knows the
proposed drilling site contains the last undestroyed 5 percent of Arctic Coastal
Plain. He knows this area is essential to the survival of polar bears, musk ox,
caribou and consequently the entire ecosystem as well as the native Gwichin
people. He knows there are myriad unused oil leases encompassing hundreds of
square miles already available to the oil industry in Alaska (outside of the
refuge). He knows these truths because I have personally told him.

Platts' voting record proves his predilection to allow his oil industry buddies
to help themselves to public land. He votes to give away the people's land to
"Big Oil" every chance he gets.

This attempt to misinform and misrepresent the public with a bogus survey
question is a disgrace. It is time for this man to be shown the Capitol building
exit.

Brett Snyder

Adams County

Evironmental Task Force

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Most British scientists cited in study feel Richard Dawkins' work
misrepresents science

LENGTH: 109  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University of Rice, The State of Texas  has issued the following news
release:



    Controversial British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins is well-known
for his criticism of religion, but a new Rice University study of British
scientists reveals that a majority who mentioned Dawkins' work during research
interviews reject his approach to public engagement and said his work
misrepresents science and scientists because he conveys the wrong impression
about what science can do and the norms that scientists observe in their work.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                               December 20, 2010

New Pennsylvania law requires physicians to wear photo IDs

BYLINE: By Carolyne Krupa, amednews staff. Posted Dec. 20, 2010.

SECTION: PROFESSION; Pg. 21 Vol. 53 No. 51

LENGTH: 854 words



HIGHLIGHT: States are working to guarantee that patients know whom they are
seeing and are not deceived by health professionals who misrepresent their
training.


A new Pennsylvania law aims to make it clear for patients who is taking their
blood pressure, giving them an injection or preparing to operate on a loved one.

Under the law signed Nov. 23 by Gov. Edward Rendell, physicians, nurses and
other health care professionals soon will be required to wear photo
identification badges that state their credentials in large block letters, with
descriptions such as "physician" or "registered nurse."

"The idea is that you can read this instantly at a conversational distance,"
said John J. Laskas Jr., MD, a dermatologist in Glen Mills, Pa., and chair of
the Pennsylvania Academy of Dermatology and Dermatologic Surgery's patient
safety and scope of practice committee. "Then the patient knows and can make a
judgment whether or not this is the level of expertise they need. We need to
know and have a right to know the credentials of the person who is giving us
care."

Beginning in January 2011, the state health department will have 90 days to
develop interim regulations and then 18 months to finalize them. All
Pennsylvania health care employers will need to comply by June 2015.

The Pennsylvania law is one example of how states are working to ensure that
patients know whom they are seeing and are not misled by health professionals
who misrepresent their level of training. At least two states -- California and
Arizona -- have enacted laws requiring that any advertisements for medical
services include the health professional's title and license type.

Illinois adopted its Truth in Health Care Professional Services Act in July,
requiring health professionals to post their license when seeing patients in
their office. They also must wear a visible badge stating their license
credentials during all patient encounters.

Disclosing who the doctor is

The American Medical Association's Truth in Advertising campaign is designed to
increase clarity and transparency in health care. The initiative encourages all
states to enact laws mandating that all health care professionals disclose their
training and qualifications.

Model legislation drafted by the AMA would require practitioners to identify
their license type in advertisements, wear a clearly visible photo ID badge when
seeing patients and post their type of license in their offices. The AMA further
recommends that the rules apply in any practice setting, and that physicians who
have collaborative agreements with nonphysicians post in each office a schedule
of regular hours when they will be there.

"Research shows that patients can easily mistake the qualifications of health
care professionals and often believe they are seeing a medical doctor when they
are not," said Rebecca J. Patchin, MD, immediate past chair of the AMA Board of
Trustees.

Ninety-six percent of U.S. adults believe that health care professionals should
display both their level of training and their legal licensure, according to an
AMA survey done in 2008 of 852 adults nationwide.

Pennsylvania's legislation is an issue of full disclosure and patient safety,
said Bruce Brod, MD, clinical associate professor of dermatology at the
University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.

"When you're a patient, you're in a very vulnerable position," said Dr. Brod,
chair of the Pennsylvania Academy of Dermatology and Dermatologic Surgery's
political advocacy committee. "A lot of patients feel timid about asking the
person [for] their credentials. They are concerned the person will take it as an
insult or that it will affect the care they receive."

Lead bill sponsor Pennsylvania State Rep. Jennifer Mann was inspired to pursue
the measure after visiting with a senior citizen constituent. The woman
complained that while her cable man wore a photo ID when he came to her house,
the people hired to provide her home health care had no such identification.

The woman was concerned about letting strangers into her home to provide
sometimes-intimate health services when she did not know if they were who they
claimed to be, said Mann's chief of staff, Rich Pronesti.

Dr. Laskas said he pushed for the legislation after seeing a resident and
medical student from an area children's hospital with badges displaying their
titles in big, bold letters.

"The problem is that since physicians don't necessarily wear their white coats
and nurses don't necessarily wear their caps anymore, the patients can't really
tell who is taking care of them," he said.

Though many hospitals in the state require name tags, they are often hard to
read, with small lettering and abbreviations for degrees that some patients
can't decipher, said Scot Chadwick, vice president for governmental affairs for
the Pennsylvania Medical Society. "The genesis of it has been the increase in
doctorates being offered and obtained by nonphysician health care providers who
use the term 'doctor' in referring to themselves," he said. "That has led to a
growing concern about possible patient confusion."

Dr. Brod has received inquiries from physicians across the country who are
interested in supporting similar legislation. "We're hoping that this serves as
a bellwether for other states," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                               December 20, 2010

New Pennsylvania law requires physicians to wear photo IDs

BYLINE: By Carolyne Krupa, amednews staff. Posted Dec. 20, 2010.

SECTION: PROFESSION; Pg. 21 Vol. 53 No. 51

LENGTH: 854 words



HIGHLIGHT: States are working to guarantee that patients know whom they are
seeing and are not deceived by health professionals who misrepresent their
training.


A new Pennsylvania law aims to make it clear for patients who is taking their
blood pressure, giving them an injection or preparing to operate on a loved one.

Under the law signed Nov. 23 by Gov. Edward Rendell, physicians, nurses and
other health care professionals soon will be required to wear photo
identification badges that state their credentials in large block letters, with
descriptions such as "physician" or "registered nurse."

"The idea is that you can read this instantly at a conversational distance,"
said John J. Laskas Jr., MD, a dermatologist in Glen Mills, Pa., and chair of
the Pennsylvania Academy of Dermatology and Dermatologic Surgery's patient
safety and scope of practice committee. "Then the patient knows and can make a
judgment whether or not this is the level of expertise they need. We need to
know and have a right to know the credentials of the person who is giving us
care."

Beginning in January 2011, the state health department will have 90 days to
develop interim regulations and then 18 months to finalize them. All
Pennsylvania health care employers will need to comply by June 2015.

The Pennsylvania law is one example of how states are working to ensure that
patients know whom they are seeing and are not misled by health professionals
who misrepresent their level of training. At least two states -- California and
Arizona -- have enacted laws requiring that any advertisements for medical
services include the health professional's title and license type.

Illinois adopted its Truth in Health Care Professional Services Act in July,
requiring health professionals to post their license when seeing patients in
their office. They also must wear a visible badge stating their license
credentials during all patient encounters.

Disclosing who the doctor is

The American Medical Association's Truth in Advertising campaign is designed to
increase clarity and transparency in health care. The initiative encourages all
states to enact laws mandating that all health care professionals disclose their
training and qualifications.

Model legislation drafted by the AMA would require practitioners to identify
their license type in advertisements, wear a clearly visible photo ID badge when
seeing patients and post their type of license in their offices. The AMA further
recommends that the rules apply in any practice setting, and that physicians who
have collaborative agreements with nonphysicians post in each office a schedule
of regular hours when they will be there.

"Research shows that patients can easily mistake the qualifications of health
care professionals and often believe they are seeing a medical doctor when they
are not," said Rebecca J. Patchin, MD, immediate past chair of the AMA Board of
Trustees.

Ninety-six percent of U.S. adults believe that health care professionals should
display both their level of training and their legal licensure, according to an
AMA survey done in 2008 of 852 adults nationwide.

Pennsylvania's legislation is an issue of full disclosure and patient safety,
said Bruce Brod, MD, clinical associate professor of dermatology at the
University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.

"When you're a patient, you're in a very vulnerable position," said Dr. Brod,
chair of the Pennsylvania Academy of Dermatology and Dermatologic Surgery's
political advocacy committee. "A lot of patients feel timid about asking the
person [for] their credentials. They are concerned the person will take it as an
insult or that it will affect the care they receive."

Lead bill sponsor Pennsylvania State Rep. Jennifer Mann was inspired to pursue
the measure after visiting with a senior citizen constituent. The woman
complained that while her cable man wore a photo ID when he came to her house,
the people hired to provide her home health care had no such identification.

The woman was concerned about letting strangers into her home to provide
sometimes-intimate health services when she did not know if they were who they
claimed to be, said Mann's chief of staff, Rich Pronesti.

Dr. Laskas said he pushed for the legislation after seeing a resident and
medical student from an area children's hospital with badges displaying their
titles in big, bold letters.

"The problem is that since physicians don't necessarily wear their white coats
and nurses don't necessarily wear their caps anymore, the patients can't really
tell who is taking care of them," he said.

Though many hospitals in the state require name tags, they are often hard to
read, with small lettering and abbreviations for degrees that some patients
can't decipher, said Scot Chadwick, vice president for governmental affairs for
the Pennsylvania Medical Society. "The genesis of it has been the increase in
doctorates being offered and obtained by nonphysician health care providers who
use the term 'doctor' in referring to themselves," he said. "That has led to a
growing concern about possible patient confusion."

Dr. Brod has received inquiries from physicians across the country who are
interested in supporting similar legislation. "We're hoping that this serves as
a bellwether for other states," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 28, 2009 Saturday

Bishop Martino says Casey misrepresents abortion stance

BYLINE: Borys Krawczeniuk, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


Feb. 28--In a new, publicly published letter, Bishop Joseph F. Martino accuses
Sen. Bob Casey's staff of representing one of the senator's votes as pro-life on
abortion when it really isn't.

The letter reignites the public debate between the senator and the bishop.

It also restates the reasons for the bishop's opposition and says his
interpretation of the matter is "in no way mistaken." It was published Thursday
in the Catholic Light, the Diocese of Scranton's tri-weekly newspaper.

The debate centers on Mr. Casey's vote against a legislative amendment that
would have prohibited the use of American taxpayer dollars to fund foreign
family planning groups that promote or perform abortions.

President Bush enforced the policy, known as the Mexico City Policy, but
President Barack Obama reversed it.

The bishop contends Mr. Casey's failure to vote for the amendment will lead to
far more abortions abroad. He first made the argument to Mr. Casey in a Jan. 30
letter, saying the vote against the prohibition amounted to "cooperating with
... evil."

Mr. Casey, himself and through a spokesman, has argued that providing family
planning dollars to the foreign groups will lead to fewer pregnancies as the
groups encourage the use of contraception. He says federal law, since 1973, has
forbidden the groups from using American tax dollars for abortions and says he
remains firmly against abortion.

The bishop, following Catholic teaching, says artificial contraception to
prevent pregnancy is wrong. In both letters, he calls artificial contraception
"immoral."

Asked for comment, Larry Smar, Mr. Casey's spokesman, restated the senator's
position. "With the ... prohibitions firmly in place, Sen. Casey voted to
support U.S. funding for overseas family planning precisely because it reduces
the number of abortions," Mr. Smar said in an e-mailed statement. "Currently,
more than half of all unintended pregnancies end in abortion. Very simply, fewer
unintended pregnancies means fewer abortions. Women who are not pregnant don't
have abortions."

"The bishop declines to be interviewed, and there will be no further comment on
his letter to Sen. Casey," diocesan spokesman Bill Genello said.

Related:

* Bishop Martino accuses Sen. Bob Casey of "cooperating with ... evil"

* Editorial: Casey's record

Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090228-YT-Bishop-Martino-says-Casey-misrepresents-abortion-stance-0228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              110 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 24, 2003, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Commentary misrepresents PETA's beliefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 286 words

Richard Berman's commentary, "Animal groups callous, not cute," which attacks
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), misrepresents our
organization's beliefs and goals (The Forum, April 16).

We oppose the use of dolphins and other animals in warfare both because it is
cruel to remove them from their natural homes and because the military should
use sophisticated detection devices that don't die of poison, get distracted or
go missing.


We know there are better ways to protect our service members -- one of whom is
PETA employee Ravi Chand, a Marine reservist in Iraq.

Just this week, former Defense secretary William Cohen seemed to agree in his
remarks to Defense Week, saying, "PETA would be pleased" with the "superior"
technology of the new mine-sweeping equipment, REMUS (Remote Environmental
Monitoring Units).

Also mischaracterized was PETA's "Holocaust on Your Plate" exhibit, in which we
show similarities between the horrors of the Holocaust and the oppression of
farmed animals.

The project grew out of the writings of Holocaust survivors who responded by
rejecting cruelty to all beings; read their words on www.MassKilling.com.

Tragically, those who dismiss the mutilation of animals on factory farms today
and who ignore their frightened faces peering out through the slats of the
trucks taking them to their deaths sound hauntingly similar to those who
dismissed the suffering of Jews because they were "life unworthy of life."

I encourage USA TODAY readers to visit www.PETA.org to learn more about what our
organization does.

Kathy Guillermo, correspondent

People for the Ethical

Treatment of Animals

Norfolk, Va.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              111 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            March 21, 2009 Saturday

Report wrongly targets groups

BYLINE: Editor: Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: LETTERS TO EDITOR

LENGTH: 450 words


My name is Melissa Kirst. I live in Lebanon and am a laborer. My hobbies include
horses and gardening. I am politically active. I supported Ron Paul in the
recent presidential election.

I am writing because of my concern with a recent Missouri Information Analysis
Center Strategic Report. This report, titled "The Modern Militia Movement" was
distributed to law-enforcement officials in Missouri. It contains information on
radical militant groups.

MIAC is a "fusion center" created by the 9-1-1 Commission Act of 2007. These
fusion centers, being set up all around the country, are tasked with
coordinating different levels of law enforcement across the states and across
the country.

This report's sophomoric presentation of facts unfairly and inaccurately
characterizes peaceful political organizations as militant. Its sloppy reporting
could possibly lead well-meaning law-enforcement officers to misinterpret
common, peaceful political paraphernalia as red flags of radical militarism.
Law-enforcement officers' jobs are hard enough without misleading information.

It's not that the report misrepresents those who are violent, but it names
activities and groups without making it clear that the vast majority of those in
the groups are in no way militant or violent.

The report lists the First Navy Jack flag ("Don't Tread on Me" as a "militia
symbol." Perhaps members of some militia display this flag, but the only time
I've seen such a flag displayed was by current or former Navy servicemen. The
entire U.S. Navy was instructed to fly this flag at the beginning of the war on
terror.

This article likewise misrepresents and identifies by name certain political
movements such as the Libertarian and Constitutional political parties and the
lobbying organization Campaign For Liberty. The names of presidential candidates
Ron Paul, Bob Barr and Chuck Baldwin were also mentioned, and the report stated
that "it is not uncommon for militia members to display Constitutional Party,
Campaign For Liberty, or Libertarian Party material." This would seem to imply
that these organizations are somehow violent or militant.

The report says violent militia members believe "you (law-enforcement officials)
are the enemy." I don't know. I've never met a militia member. But I know I take
issue with having a peaceful person I supported for president being mentioned
just paragraphs later in the same document.

The report takes what it represents as facts and presents them so carelessly
that an entirely new idea is formed. I hope future reports take more care not to
tread so close to slander. There is no excuse for misinforming our hardworking
law officers, whether intentionally or not.

Melissa Kirst

Lebanon

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Southeast Texas Record

                             June 19, 2008 Thursday

Class action filed against LifeLock for deceptive marketing

BYLINE: Michelle Massey, Texarkana Bureau

LENGTH: 599 words


MARSHALL - The self-proclaimed industry leader in identity theft protection,
LifeLock Inc., is facing its fourth class action that alleges the company
commits deceptive and misleading marketing regarding its ability to prevent any
possibility of identity theft. In the company's numerous advertisements,
LifeLock's CEO Richard Todd Davis confidently broadcasts his own social security
number declaring that his company can prevent any possibility of identity theft.
However, according to court records, Davis' representations are misleading since
his own identity was stolen as a LifeLock customer. LifeLock has acknowledged
that Davis' identity was compromised on one occasion when a check cashing
company failed to follow proper procedures and a thief was able to cash a $500
check.On behalf of named plaintiff Tommy Ly and others similarly situated, the
West Virginia law firm Marks and Klein LLP filed the class action against
LifeLock and Davis on June 16 in the Marshall Division of the Eastern District
of Texas. With nearly one million subscribers to its identity theft protection
services, for $10 a month LifeLock's subscription provides four services. First,
the company secures fraud alerts on the subscriber's behalf. Then, it renews
those alerts. Third, LifeLock requests the removal of subscriber's name from
credit card and junk mail lists. Fourth, every year the company orders the
subscriber's free credit reports from the major credit bureaus. In addition,
LifeLock advertises that it provides a $1 million service guarantee purportedly
to reimburse any consumer for any direct expenses incurred due to someone
stealing personal information. According to LifeLock's Web site, "LifeLock will
pay you up to $1 million for damages stemming from the security breach. LifeLock
says they will "make sure that you get every dollar back, lost wages, costs,
actual losses, every dollar up to $1,000,000. Period."However, according to the
complaint, the guarantee is severely limited in scope and application due to
"numerous restrictions, limitations, and waivers that are present within its
terms." The complaint argues that the service guarantee actually only covers a
defect in their service Contrary to LifeLock's promotions of all-encompassing
identity protection, the complaint alleges the company only extends protection
to limited, credit-related instances of "new-account" identity theft. Further,
the complaint states that LifeLock's advertisements fail to disclose or
intentionally omit the potential adverse impact its services may have on
consumer's ability to obtain credit or favorable interest rates. The complaint
argues that LifeLock misrepresents the scope and effectiveness of its services,
conceals the true origin of the free credit report, provides terms and
conditions that are substantively and procedurally unconscionable, misrepresents
the scope and nature of its service guarantee, misrepresents the security of
personal information, and uses misleading and deceptive data to substantiate its
services.The class action contends that LifeLock's actions violate the Texas
Deceptive Trade Practices-Consumer Protection Act.On behalf of the proposed
class, the lawsuit is seeking more than $5 million in damages and injunctive
relief preventing the company from further advertisements and marketing in
Texas.In addition to the West Virginia law firm of Marks and Klein LLP, Tyler
attorney Deron R. Dacus of Ramey and Flock PC will represent the potential
class. U.S. District Judge T. John Ward will preside over the litigation.Ly vs.
Lifelock Case No 2:2008cv00242

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 SoutheastTexasRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Legal News Line

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

California consumer alleges New Balance, Nordstrom misrepresent shoes

BYLINE: Robbie Hargett

LENGTH: 221 words


LOS ANGELES (Legal Newsline) - A California consumer is suing Nordstrom and New
Balance, alleging they misrepresent certain of their running shoes.

Joel D. Joseph, individually and for all others similarly situated, filed a
class action lawsuit March 3 in Superior Court of the State of California County
of Los Angeles against Nordstrom Inc. and New Balance Athletics Inc., alleging
violations of California's Business and Professions Code and the state's
Consumer Legal Remedies Act.



The suit alleges New Balance shoes sold in Nordstrom stores are marked with
"Made in the USA" on their boxes and "USA" on the shoes themselves.However, the
complaint states, the shoes contain more than 10 percent imported components.

Joseph and others in the class seek damages, equitable relief, constructive
trust, injunctions, interests, punitive damages, plus attorney fees and costs.
Joseph is representing himself.

The defendant filed April 1 to remove the case to U.S. District Court for the
Central District of California Western Division because the amount in
controversy exceeds $75,000 and there is diversity of citizenship among the
parties.

Superior Court of the State of California County of Los Angeles Case number
SC125489

 U.S. District Court for the Central District of California Western Division
Case number 2:16-CV-02252-PSG-AJW

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 LegalNewsLine.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 997 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Sansom files new motion: It claims court filing by state attorney is ?an
outright distortion of the record'

BYLINE: Tom Mclaughlin, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words


Sep. 16--TALLAHASSEE -- Leon County Circuit Judge Terry Lewis was asked Tuesday
to consider another defense motion on behalf of state Rep. Ray Sansom.

The latest motion asks that Lewis listen to the transcript of Sansom's testimony
before the grand jury that indicted him.

Sansom, the former speaker of the House, has been indicted with Bob Richburg,
former president of Northwest Florida State College, and developer Jay Odom on
charges of official misconduct.

Sansom and Richburg also have been charged with perjury.

State Attorney Willie Meggs alleges Sansom, Richburg and Odom conspired to use
$6 million in state school construction funds to build a structure that would
ultimately serve as an aircraft hangar at Odom's Destin Jet business at Destin
Airport.

With a Sept. 29 trial date approaching, there has been a flurry of defense
motions in recent weeks.

It is unclear when Lewis will rule on them.

Only the official misconduct cases are scheduled to be tried Sept. 29. The
perjury charges would be tried at a later date.

In Tuesday's motion, Stephen Dobson, Sansom's attorney, states that a claim
Meggs makes in his most recent court filing "is an outright distortion of the
record."

The "misrepresentation" came in a response Meggs' filed to Sansom's motion
Friday to dismiss the perjury charges.

In the response, called a traverse, Meggs states that Sansom's grand jury
testimony "gives him 100 percent responsibility for the language" found in the
state budget document authorizing the appropriation of $6 million for the
alleged hangar.

Meggs charges that language misled Sansom's fellow lawmakers by portraying an
airplane hangar as a "joint-use" college facility.

Dobson is joined by the lawyers for Richburg and Odom in claiming the language
Meggs has keyed on doesn't misrepresent anything. They also claim a second item,
a scribbled note, cannot be attributed to Sansom.

"The state's traverse distorts the factual record in this case, and in certain
instances the state's traverse directly misrepresents the facts," the latest
motion states. "Essentially, the state's traverse amounts to rank gamesmanship."

The motion alleges the wording of the state's response violates a court ruling
that says "such tactics, if they were to become c o m m o n p l a c e , w o u l
d destroy the integrity of the criminal justice system."

Meggs could not be reached for comment Tuesday.

To see more of the Northwest Florida Daily News or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.nwfdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Northwest
Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090916-FO-Sansom-files-new-motion-0916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2009 Northwest Florida Daily News


                              115 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 9, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

THE CHANCELLOR AND THE WOULD-BE PRINCIPALS

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 311 words


To the Editor:

Alfred Vogel misrepresents my position on the lists of aspiring principals
produced by the New York City Board of Examiners when he writes in a letter
published by The Times on Aug. 24 that I ''did not challenge the validity of the
examinations themselves.''

I have challenged the validity of both the junior high school and the high
school examination because their results reveal an adverse impact on women,
blacks and Hispanic persons and they were not designed to determine whether a
person would make a good principal.

A number of highly qualified people already serving as principals and doing
outstanding jobs failed these examinations. Furthermore, not only did an
inordinate number of minority members fail the examinations but the overall
failure rate raises serious questions about their validity.

Ten years ago the examinations for supervisors given by the Board of Examiners
were found by the Federal court to be both discriminatory and unrelated to the
job. I am in favor of the examination system and have called for many
supervisory examinations since I have become Chancellor, but the results of the
new examinations show no improvement over the ones that were successfully
challenged in the courts 10 years ago - in fact they are worse.

By stating that I have refused to recognize the principals lists because I
believe local committees should have the right to pick people ''to fill their
special needs and desires,'' Mr. Vogel again misrepresents my position.

Qualified minority educators are important to the future of this school system.
The Board of Examiners continues to demonstrate its inability to devise a test
that insures their continued participation in the administration of our schools
and the education of our children.
FRANK J. MACCHIAROLA, New York City Chancellor of Schools, Brooklyn, Sept. 4,
1981

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              116 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 18, 2017 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

RHETORIC IN RACE HEATS UP;
STATE SCHOOLS SUPERINTENDENT | TWO CANDIDATES CALL EACH OTHER A LIAR

BYLINE:  MOLLY BECK  mbeck@madison.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 830 words


Two state superintendent candidates publicly called each other liars on Friday -
days before the two are set to face each other in a three-way primary with
incumbent Tony Evers.

It was the latest twist - punctuated by a Democratic lawmaker crashing a news
conference - in an increasingly turbulent race.

At the news conference, candidate John Humphries called opponent Lowell Holtz "a
liar" who is falsely blaming unnamed business leaders for Holtz's proposal for
one of them to get out of the race in exchange for a six-figure, taxpayer-funded
job should the other win.

Holtz fired back, calling the Friday event a "three-ring circus" orchestrated by
Humphries.

Humphries said he called the meeting with reporters to be transparent and to
"clear the air" and said he had "nothing to hide."

But he also again refused to identify the business leaders who could corroborate
his claim.

Humphries on Friday provided reporters with emails and a timeline that he said
shows Holtz is lying about who came up with a December proposal under which one
of the two men would exit the race in exchange for a job with the Department of
Public Instruction that would pay $150,000 per year and come with full benefits
and a driver should the other win.

The job offer also would have put one of them in charge of potentially five of
the state's largest school districts and give him powers that do not currently
exist in state law to take over districts and school boards. According to the
emails, Humphries referred to the plan as Holtz's in December.

"It's unfortunate to see Dr. Holtz continue to misrepresent who he is and how he
operates," Humphries said. "If Holtz has any documentation to substantiate his
claim that his proposal was, in fact, provided to him by business leaders, he
should provide that. Otherwise, the preponderance of the evidence would clearly
suggest that, once again, Holtz is lying."

But Holtz shot back after the press conference, saying Humphries "is focused
more on the politics of personal destruction" than on improving education.

"Today's three-ring circus hosted by Mr. Humphries is another attempt to malign
me and misrepresent, or more accurately lie about, this issue," Holtz said in a
statement.

Holtz has said the proposal was one that the unnamed business leaders asked them
to discuss and that he would not seek to diminish local control of school boards
or districts, but instead empower them.

Democrat crashes press conference

Rep. Chris Taylor, D-Madison, briefly took over Humphries' press conference to
object to separate proposals from Humphries and Holtz to change the
administration of low-performing schools.

"As a parent with two children who are sitting in a Madison public school right
now, our schools are part of our community, and we don't want you and your
corporate buddies coming into our schools and taking them over," said Taylor.

Meanwhile, Evers' campaign used his opponents' bickering in a Friday plea for
donations from supporters.

Holtz and Humphries are seeking the support of conservative voters to challenge
Evers, who has the support of Democrats and has been elected twice before.

The two met in December to discuss ways to work together at the request of the
"business leaders" both decline to identify.

Humphries said Friday that one key business leader requested to remain anonymous
and declined to speak even anonymously with a reporter.

He said it was up to Holtz to reveal the business leader's name since he is
tying that person to the controversial proposals. Holtz has refused to do so.

New emails revealed

The copies of emails provided by Humphries on Friday show extensive coordination
by one of the alleged business leaders with Humphries who said he or she would
attempt to make Holtz "the Assistant." Holtz has said he refused this offer.

In a Dec. 22 email sent a few hours before Humphries and Holtz met, the business
leader - whose name was blacked out - wrote to Humphries: "Good luck today in
your efforts to work together. I am confident that if you can work together your
chances of succeeding will increase from about 20% to about 70%."

The emails also show that Humphries was concerned in December about Holtz's
proposal that one of them would take over districts in Madison, Milwaukee,
Racine, Kenosha and potentially Green Bay if the other won the election.

"Significant elements of this would not even be possible," Humphries wrote in an
email to the unnamed business leader. "I think that we could get closer to
agreement if we began from the pretext of things that are possible."

Humphries has proposed his own plan for the state's lowest-performing public
schools to be converted into private voucher schools or charter schools if
school boards agree.

He also offered in December to consider negotiating a consulting contract with
Holtz to work with him at DPI if he were elected. Humphries said Friday that
Holtz never responded to that offer. On Thursday, Holtz said the offer amounted
to a "bribe" to get out of the race.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: M.P. KING, STATE JOURNAL John Humphries, candidate for the Wisconsin
Department of Public Instruction State Superintendent, calls opponent Lowell
Holtz "a liar" during a press conference at the State Capitol on Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       May 31, 2001 Thursday 1ST EDITION

Arndt lawyer: Police failed to defend her

BYLINE: By Mike McPhee, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 494 words


Attorneys for former Boulder police detective Linda Arndt  said in federal court
Wednesday that her superiors refused to  defend her - or allow her to defend
herself - as she became a  scapegoat in the media during the probe of the
JonBenet Ramsey  murder.

But the attorney for the Police Department said Arndt  compromised the
investigation by making a substantial number of  mistakes.

'There was an utter failure to protect the evidence,' said  attorney Ted Halaby,
who represents the Boulder Police Department,  Chief Mark Beckner and former
Chief Tom Koby against Arndt's civil  lawsuit. 'Given her conduct, there was no
way Chief Koby could  misrepresent her conduct or allow her to misrepresent
herself.'

The trial got underway Wednesday in U.S. District Court after  Judge William
Downes took a day and a half to find eight jurors  who said they were impartial
about the highly publicized case.

Arndt's lawsuit claims the Police Department violated her  First Amendment right
to freedom of speech by preventing her from  defending her reputation.

Arndt was one of the officers assigned to investigate the  December 1996 murder
of 6-year-old JonBenet.

Arndt's lawyer, Judith Biggs, told the six-woman, two-man  jury that Arndt now
earns $ 8 an hour as a tree trimmer.

Yet before the Ramsey case, Arndt had been named best  detective in 1994, best
employee of the month in April 1995, and  was nominated for best detective in
1996, Biggs said.

Biggs said Arndt was the sixth cop to arrive at the scene and  was assigned to
monitor the phone because a ransom note said the  kidnapper would call between 8
and 10 a.m.

But the five other officers left after searching the  million-dollar home,
leaving Arndt to control eight Ramsey family  members, their friends and their
minister, Biggs said.

'Detective Arndt spoke with (Ramsey friend) Fleet White, who  told about his
daughter missing one day only to be found hiding in  a crawl space,' Biggs said.
'She asked White and John Ramsey to  search the house but not to touch anything.

'They immediately went into the basement. John Ramsey came up  carrying the
body. He placed it in the hallway, a high-traffic  area.'

Biggs said Arndt told Ramsey to call 911, that the case now  was a murder. Arndt
then carried the body into the living room.  Before she could stop him, John
Ramsey pulled a throw off a chair  and covered the body, Biggs said.

Despite warnings from Arndt not to touch the body, Patsy  Ramsey lay on top of
the body, Biggs said. A friend put a  sweatshirt over the girl's feet.

The media, receiving copies of the search warrant affidavit,  started blaming
Arndt for many mistakes that contaminated the  evidence, she said.

Biggs said one of the most hurtful articles was in Vanity  Fair, which compared
her to Mark Fuhrman, the Los Angeles police  detective in the O.J. Simpson case.


LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Arndt

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 5, 1998, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

READERS' LETTERS;
Lower millage keeps the faith

SECTION: DEKALB EXTRA; Pg. 08JA

LENGTH: 1042 words



Lower millage sign of good faith

I object to those who misrepresent DeKalb County's HOST tax to further their own
personal agendas.

State law requires all counties in Georgia to assess properties based on current
fair market value. Even if the millage rate remains unchanged, the actual taxes
will increase on every property in Georgia if the assessed value increases.
Therefore, this would happen in DeKalb even if there were no HOST tax. This is
not a conspiracy against the citizens of DeKalb County.

I have issues on which I sometimes disagree with county officials. That does not
make them (or me) bad people. People have differing opinions sometimes. But in
this case, some county officials are calling for a millage rollback to offset
the increase in assessments. That sounds like good faith to me.

I, along with 70 percent of DeKalb citizens, voted to begin collecting the HOST
tax in 1997 and to have a 100 percent homestead exemption go into effect in
1999. That is what we voted for. If you didn't like it, you had the opportunity
to vote no. The public is not well served by those who would misrepresent this
for their own personal agendas. RON SIFEN, Dunwoody School board's out of
control, wasteful DeKalb residents find it difficult to accept that they have
absolutely no say in the decisions made by the Board of Education. In response
to our support for public education by voting for a tax increase, they
arrogantly flaunt their disregard for public opinion and fiscal responsibility.
Their determination to place a new middle school on the American Legion site is
evidence of their arrogance. Despite the fact that a coalition of groups
supports the Alameda (Belvedere) site over the American Legion site, the board
will not or cannot provide logical reasons for the selection. The Board
dismissed the Belvedere site, indicating that 16 homes would have to be
condemned. On the contrary, the homes would not be needed at all. Land to the
south of the Plaza, which includes Hess Realty, a wooded area and four
single-family properties along with miscellaneous land, would provide enough
acres (23.2) for the middle school site. This property is certainly worth
considering since the community wants the school there.

The board agreed to pay McCar Development $ 2.7 million for the American Legion
property. Additionally, it will have to spend several hundred thousand dollars
to upgrade Old Rockbridge Road. The Alameda site can be purchased for
considerably less.

Estimates indicate that Alameda and adjoining property would sell for around $
45,000 per acre. The total cost for the 23.2 acres would be approximately $
1,044,000. Another important factor in the cost is that McCar Development, in
its desire to seek resolution, offered the board a donation of $ 500,000 toward
the purchase of an alternative site.

These facts seriously suggest that the county is wasting at least $ 2.5 million
of taxpayers' money. This is before they have even started preparing the site.

The residents of DeKalb County have an important story that needs to be told.
It's a story of a powerful bureaucracy that has no accountability to its
constituents, no fiscal responsibility, and no one seems to be able to do
anything about it. LYDA STEADMAN .Avondale Estates Last week's article on
DeKalb's leash law for cats attracted numerous comments from readers, both in
favor of and in opposition to the law. Here are some of the responses, with more
to be published next week: Leash law typical of regulatory idiocy

This is just another reason to move from DeKalb County. I am a responsible cat
owner. My cats have never destroyed any property or caused any problems. My
neighbors love them. This law is typical of idiot regulations passed by uncaring
county government. Fences cannot contain cats, and leashes are dangerous. I'm
angry. HAL STRINGER .Chamblee Cats are at risk if left outdoors Of course cats
need to be leashed!

Not only is traffic dangerous for cats, people can be dangerous to cats, too.

Many people like to abuse cats just for the fun of it. Also, people known as
"Bunchers" steal people's pets and sell them to research facilities. That's not
to mention dogs that can kill cats that are outdoors. I am sick of people
thinking it is fine to leave cats outdoors. The best place for a cat is inside
where they are safe. SAM STEVENS, Atlanta Death, stench mark feline crossroads

Our yard is the neighborhood cat crossroads. We frequently smell their deposits
in our flower beds and vegetable garden. They hunt birds and kill the fledglings
on the ground. They squall their territorial battles. They have wiped out the
squirrel population. Thank you for informing our neighbors about the leash law.
PERRY TREADWELL, Medlock Leash would make cat a sitting duck

Having a cat leash law is one of the most ridiculous things I have ever heard
of. Obviously, the County Commission didn't have cat owners on the council when
this law was passed. I'd like to see the statistics on tripling life expectancy
that Mr. Bill Garrett talks about. If this is truly the case, let's discuss the
quality of life vs. expectancy for the cat.

I am a responsible cat owner whose cat has been neutered, had his shots and
feline leukemia tests, wears his tags, etc. He is an indoor-outdoor cat, mostly
indoor. He doesn't wander, he doesn't bother the neighbors, "protects" our yard
from other cats, keeps vermin out of the yard and out of the crawl space.

Keeping him on a leash or tied up would certainly make him a sitting duck for
the dogs that wander the neighborhood at will, rather than give him the ability
to run up a tree or run under the house or my car.

Also, leashes and harnesses drastically throw off cats' delicate sense of
balance, making them fall over.

I think DeKalb County should have leash laws for children if they have a leash
law for cats. MARCY A. HULTQUIST,Tucker New resident wants to take cat, leave I
think it is unrealistic to leash a cat. I recently moved to DeKalb County, and I
wish a thousand times I had never moved here because of the cat leash law.

I am going to move away as soon as I am able and will take my unwanted (by this
county) cat with me. HARVEY HOPPE, Northlake

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Lots of reaction: A pair of felines show their curiosity from a cage at
 the DeKalb Humane Society. An article about a leash law for cats drew
 strong opinions from readers. / RENEE HANNANS / Staff

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              119 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 15, 2009 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Prince George's County and the WSSC

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 330 words


Regarding the May 10 editorial "Water Fight":

The Post continues to misrepresent the facts regarding the Prince George's
County representatives on the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission. The facts
are:

Six commissioners approved and initiated a process  in which Rudolph S. Chow was
the highest-ranked general manager candidate after a national search. Mr. Chow
has lived for 30 years in Montgomery County and has worked at the WSSC for 25
years. But the Montgomery County commissioners balked at the process only after
Mr. Chow was identified as the winner, employing underhanded tactics to
circumvent the results.

Instead of Mr. Chow, the Montgomery commissioners accepted a less-qualified
candidate to be interim general manager, someone who later did not even qualify
to be interviewed for the permanent general manager position. They also
supported a candidate who had a problematic background and was not a part of the
original search process.

The WSSC spent more than $100,000 on the original search for a general manager,
only to have the Montgomery commissioners balk at the results and initiate an
exclusive recruitment process outside of commission authority for which the WSSC
was billed. In other words, ratepayers paid for a redundant yet exclusive
process conducted by Montgomery County. The Post should question the ethics of
Montgomery's recruitment effort and those commissioners' refusal to support
their own resident and employee, who was the legitimate winner.

And one last fact: The state ethics board exonerated me of the unfounded
allegations made 12 years ago. Information supporting this matter of record was
previously provided to Post editors, yet The Post continues to misrepresent this
matter.

So let the truth be told: The Post editorial board's determination to impugn the
integrity and character of this commissioner and Prince George's County  has
blinded it to the facts.

JUANITA D. MILLER

Commissioner

Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission

Clinton

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 30, 2012 Monday

A chance to talk // Russo case must be kept in perspective

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 556 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


COLUMN: IN OUR OPINION

Like any other community, Worcester has its share of social problems, and like
any large city with a diverse population, those problems will occasionally
include incidents and confrontations with racial overtones.

It is vital that the city - meaning police, officials, residents and the media
alike - not cover up ugly incidents, or pretend not to see racial profiling or
hatred where it truly exists. It is equally important that no one
mischaracterize or misrepresent what incidents do occur, or attempt to stir up
enmity where none need exist.

The family of David Russo has accused police of racial profiling following an
altercation between the then 14-year-old city resident and WPI and city police
last summer in the Hammond Heights neighborhood.

The background to this incident is important.

In the weeks before, there had been a series of break-ins in the neighborhood,
prompting police to advise residents to be watchful for any suspicious activity.

More generally, there has been a long history of successful cooperation between
WPI police and city police in ensuring the safety and security of neighborhoods.
That cooperation is akin to that enjoyed between municipal and campus police
officers at any of the area's colleges, whether in Worcester, at Anna Maria
College in Paxton, Nichols College in Dudley, Fitchburg and Framingham state
universities, or any other campus.

Exactly what was seen, said, heard and done in the Russo case can only be known
by the parties directly involved. However, based on everything we have seen,
heard and read, the basic facts are these:

David Russo was observed entering and leaving his own house. An observer,
clearly unfamiliar with him, found his behavior suspect and called police. A WPI
officer in the area observed and queried David. An altercation occurred during
which David allegedly struck a WPI officer. Worcester police arrived. David was
arrested.

The case is obviously an unfortunate one and might have been avoided. But it is
still possible to gain some useful lessons from it: It is clear that neighbors
in Hammond Heights - as in so many neighborhoods - might get to know each other
better; and WPI and Worcester police should clarify their jurisdictional
responsibilities more clearly.

What the Russo case does not suggest is that Worcester has a systemic problem
with race, or that either residents or police are engaged in racial profiling.

That has not stopped self-appointed social justice advocates, some city
officials, and some members of the media from attempting to turn an unfortunate
but relatively minor incident into a kind of Trayvon Martin case for Worcester.

Residents and community leaders have every right to speak their minds and should
never remain quiet in the face of real racism.

The Russo case does not constitute racism, but it does present an opportunity
for an open and honest discussion about relationships among police, neighbors
and the public, and the role that race can play. The community meetings and
forums that have or will be held can be useful for deepening understanding and
trust.

But the Russo case must be kept in perspective. This is primarily a matter of a
neighbor's misunderstanding. To pretend otherwise is to stir up anger and
resentment, erode trust, and make that open and honest dialogue about race more
difficult.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Like any other community, Worcester has its share of social problems,
and like any large city with a diverse population, those problems will
occasionally include incidents and confrontations with racial overtones. It is
vital that the city - meaning police, officials, residents and the media alike -
not cover up ugly incidents, or pretend not to see racial profiling or hatred
where it truly exists. It is equally important that no one mischaracterize or
misrepresent what incidents do occur, or attempt to stir up enmity where none
need exist.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 30, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Affirmative Action as Long as We Need It

SECTION: Section A;  Page 20;  Column 5;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 198 words


To the Editor:

Ward Connerly, chairman of the campaign for the California Civil Rights
Initiative, misrepresents the meaning of "affirmative action" (Op-Ed, April 29).

The expression "affirmative action" was coined during the Kennedy
Administration. It meant then and means clearly today government programs
designed to curb "discrimination" -- or to use the parallel phrase of the
sociologist Kenneth Clark, "non-exclusion."

The confusion that Mr. Connerly and others are exploiting is built upon
secondary meanings of "affirmative action" that evolved from means devised for
implementing it, such as "preferential treatment."

When Mr. Connerly claims that "affirmative action, intended to jump-start the
process of integrating black Americans into the fabric of society, has its roots
in our nation's passion for fairness. . . . But it was not meant to be
permanent," he not only misrepresents past history but also present realities.

As long as discrimination exists in the United States, government protections
will be appropriate to counteract its effects. Mr. Connerly's distortion is
evidence that we have a way to go.

EDWARD KENT
New York, April 29, 1996

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              122 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                          February 14, 2004, Saturday

EXISTING SERVICE CAN'T JUST BE CUT; MOBIL HOME LAW

BYLINE: DAN PERRY Ledger Correspondent

SECTION: Real Estate; Pg. 8L; 7W

LENGTH: 723 words


A reader advises that the mobile home park's pool heater has been out of order
for 52 days. The park owner justifies his inaction claiming that the heating is
not required by the prospectus. The homeowner asks whether he is entitled to
compensation for the time it has been unavailable.

Another reader states that during the past two years the park owner allowed
homeowners to pay 11 months of rent and receive the 12th month free. The park
owner stopped this practice. The park owner claims the discount was never
mentioned in the prospectus and he can eliminate it anytime he wishes. Is this
true, the homeowner asks?

Still another reader tells me the park owner has had the clubhouse cleaned
regularly. He now insists that the homeowners perform this function. The reader
asks whether the park owner can shift this responsibility onto the homeowners.

Another reader writes that his park owner previously allowed mobile home owners
to rent out their homes. Recently he notified the homeowners they may no longer
sublease their homes. He claimed the practice was never authorized by the
prospectus.

A park owner who had employed security guards at the front gate while new homes
were being sold now says that the gate guards will be eliminated when the last
new home is sold. The homeowners objected. The park owner responded that the
gate guards were never mentioned in the prospectus.

A common thread among these questions is that the park owner is eliminating a
service that has been historically provided, permitted, or authorized by the
park owner in the absence of an express mention of the service in the
prospectus.

Unlike some states, your Florida lot rental agreement is broad enough to include
verbal statements and promises of your park owner or manager.

Section 723.003(4) of the Florida Mobile Home Act defines the term "mobile home
lot rental agreement" or "rental agreement" to mean "... any mutual
understanding or lease, whether oral or written, between a mobile home owner and
a mobile home park owner ..."

Section 723.016(4) prohibits your park owner from producing any advertisement or
making any oral statement that (a) misrepresents a fact or creates a false or
misleading impression regarding the mobile home or mobile home park (b)
misrepresents the size, nature, extent, qualities, or characteristics of the
offered facilities or (c) misrepresents the nature or extent of any service
incident to your tenancy.

Your park owner cannot point to the absence of any mention in the prospectus as
a basis for eliminating the service. Section 723.032(2) reads: "Any provision in
the rental agreement is void and unenforceable to the extent that it attempts to
waive or preclude the rights, remedies, or requirements set forth in this
chapter or arising under law."

Recall that section 723.021 requires that the park owner engage in good faith
and fair dealings. "Every rental agreement or duty within this chapter imposes
an obligation of good faith and fair dealings in its performance or
enforcement."

Homeowners are not required to clean the clubhouse. Section 723.022(2) of the
Florida Mobile Home Act, requires that the park owner "... maintain the common
areas in a good state of appearance, safety, and cleanliness." Under Section
723.023(2) a mobile home owner is only required to "... Keep the mobile home lot
which he or she occupies clean and sanitary."

In short:

Your homeowners are entitled to a corresponding reduction in the lot rental
amount for the 52 days that the broken pool heater has rendered the pool
unusable.

The park owner cannot eliminate the discount he provided your homeowners.

The park owner cannot insist his responsibility for cleaning the clubhouse be
shifted onto your homeowners.

The park owner cannot prevent homeowners from subleasing their own homes.

The park owner cannot eliminate the gate guards without giving homeowners a
corresponding reduction in lot rental.

Daniel W. Perry is a former county judge. His practice centers around the
representation of mobile homeowner associations, residential cooperatives and
subdivisions. Questions or comments can be sent to The Ledger, P.O. Box 408,
Lakeland, 33802 or faxed to 407-894-1437. Some questions may be answered in the
column. He also can be reached at dperry@weblawyer.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2004 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              123 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  October 6, 2003 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

MICROSOFT: STAKING A CLAIM;
HOW CONSUMERS CAN GET THEIR SHARE OF SETTLEMENT FOR OVERCHARGING IN CALIFORNIA

BYLINE: KRISTI HEIM, Mercury News Seattle Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS MONDAY; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 616 words


The clock has started ticking for consumers and businesses to claim part of
Microsoft's $1.1 billion payout.

Microsoft agreed to the landmark settlement in January to resolve a class-action
lawsuit that alleged the software giant used its monopoly power to overcharge
California consumers for its products.

Final approval isn't expected until February, but people who bought Microsoft
software and hope to receive benefits must submit their claims within the next
five months.

In the midst of this process, a Microsoft foe has stepped in, offering to
process claims online and help people use their proceeds to buy products off its
Web site.

Lindows.com, a San Diego company that sells software based on the open-source
Linux operating system, launched a Web site last month called MSfreePC.com. The
site guides users through the claims process and grants an instant settlement
that can be used toward the purchase of Lindows software.

Lindows is already embroiled in a legal dispute with Microsoft over the Lindows
name. Now, Microsoft is challenging the validity of the site, saying it
misrepresents the settlement and encourages fraudulent or invalid claims.

"Under the settlement agreement, consumers with valid claims can use their
proceeds to acquire a wide range of hardware or software, including the Lindows
operating system," Microsoft said in a statement. "We are concerned that the
Lindows Web site misrepresents the California settlement and could mislead
consumers into believing there is an alternative claims procedure that they can
use."

Long procedure

The procedure agreed to by the court is too laborious and may discourage many
people from actually filing claims, says Lindows Chief Executive Michael
Robertson. Customers must download or request a claim form by mail, fill it out
and sign it, and mail it to a claims administrator in Minneapolis. Once a claim
is approved, customers will receive a voucher in the mail. The voucher can be
redeemed for cash after submitting proof of purchase of new computerhardware or
software.

"This process will take months and months," Robertson said. "There's very little
incentive for people to take advantage of it."

The MSfreePC Web site only handles claims between $50 and $100.

"Those folks are highly unlikely to fill out a paper claim," he said. "I think
the people taking advantage of MSfreePC are claimants that otherwise would not
be heard from."

Yet Microsoft attorneys contend that a written signature, and not a digital
signature, is required under the process agreed upon by the parties, and
claimants must submit their own claims.

"Your Web site is deceptive, seriously mischaracterizes the settlement, misleads
the public and encourages class members to submit improper fraudulent claims
that will be denied by the Settlement Claims Administrator," Microsoft's lawyer
wrote in a Sept. 26 letter to Robertson.

Official procedure

Plaintiff's lawyer Eugene Crew recommends consumers use the official claims
procedure but noted that nothing in the settlement specifies a physical
signature, and California and federal law recognize the validity of digital
signatures.

"We don't see anything wrong with it," he said of the Lindows site. "We think
competition is what this case is all about."

"We hope everybody will claim," Crew said. "We're proud of the settlement we
obtained, but it will all be for naught if people don't collect it."

Two-thirds of any unclaimed amount goes to California public schools and
one-third reverts back to Microsoft.

A San Francisco Superior Court judge will hold a hearing Thursday to discuss
Microsoft's objections to the Lindows Web site.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: What is the settlement and how did it come about?
Microsoft agreed to pay up to $1.1 billion in vouchers to settle 27 lawsuits in
a class-action case that claimed the company overcharged California consumers
who purchased its software between Feb. 18, 1995, and Dec. 15, 2001.
Who is eligible to receive money from the settlement?
Any California consumer or business that purchased copies of Microsoft's
Windows, Office, Excel, Word, Works Suite or Home Essentials 97 or 98 software.
It doesn't matter if the software was purchased directly or as part of a new
computer.
How much money can I get?
You can get $16 for each copy of Windows, $29 for Office, $26 for Excel and $5
for Word, Works Suite or Home Essentials 97 or 98.
Do I get cash?
Eventually. In most cases, you will get a voucher that can be redeemed after the
purchase of computer equipment or software. The vouchers will be good for four
years and will function like mail-in rebates. They'll be redeemed for cash after
you purchase new hardware or software.
What exactly can I purchase with the vouchers?
Eligible products include any desktop, laptop or tablet computer; printers,
scanners, monitors, keyboards, pointing devices; or any non-custom software
offered by any software vendor for use on a desktop, laptop or tablet computer.
I think I qualify. How do I get my money?
Consumers and businesses must file a claim form, listing what Microsoft software
was purchased and when. If you've purchased new computer products after July 18,
you can submit the receipts along with the claim form and get cash instead of
vouchers.

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO ILLUSTRATION: [Microsoft icon with green quadrant turning into dollar
bill]

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 7, 2004 Sunday

Don't ignore, misrepresent or dilute right to bear arms

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 974 words


Re: Guns "R" Us club settles in, Nov. 4 letter

Editor: Our forefathers had tremendous insight and wisdom when they wrote the
Constitution of the United States, and attached the Bill of Rights to it.

These documents have held this country together for well more than 200 years and
are unique in world history. They are the basis for our freedoms despite those
who would dilute the Bill of Rights to promote their own personal and narrow
agendas.

On the other hand, there are those, like myself and many others, who hold these
rights as self-evident truths. The Second Amendment clearly states that "the
right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." This is an
individual right, although one that Arthur Hayhoe consistently attacks,
misrepresents, and fails to understand or acknowledge. I attended the Second
Amendment debate between Hayhoe and Bill Bunting and was appalled at Hayhoe's
inability to support even one of his irrational positions regarding the Second
Amendment.

The St. Pete Times has lowered itself to outrageous personal attacks on Bill
Bunting, with Pasco editor of editorials C.T. Bowen and letter writer Arthur
Hayhoe leading the charge.

In reality, Bill Bunting is an outstanding citizen with an outstanding civic
record of community and political service.  He has successfully revitalized the
Pasco GOP into one of the finest and most effective groups of its kind in the
state of Florida.

My thanks go out to Bill Bunting, Rep. Ken Littlefield, Sen. Victor Crist, Sen.
Mike Fasano and former Rep. Heather Fiorentino for their continued support of
our constitutional rights.

The tenets of the Bill of Rights are not negotiable and cannot be ignored or
diluted in any way.

Irene Giragosian, Hudson

Diatribe attempts to denigrate Pasco's legislative delegation

Re: Guns "R" Us club settles in, Nov. 4 letter

Editor: Letter writer Arthur Hayhoe evidently suffers from the dreaded Dan
Rather Syndrome (thinking you know the truth without actually investigating).
His disservice to this community is becoming legendary. He continues to report
false information in the guise of truth in an attempt to incite people in
believing his blather. His latest attempt to denigrate the Pasco County
Legislative delegation is a classic example of his "this is too good to
investigate before reporting" kind of wild-eyed rhetoric.

If Mr. Hayhoe (a former candidate for the state Legislature) has read House Bill
149, then he either reports from a position of ignorance or arrogance. Take your
choice.

Before accepting his diatribe as Gospel read House Bill 149 for yourself by
going online at myfloridahouse.com or visit my office for your copy.

Rep. Ken Littlefield, District 61

Wesley Chapel

Cypress Creek Town Center is not right for any reason

Editor: I join the Sierra Club, Florida Nature Coast Group and Citizens Against
Cypress Creek Town Center in opposing the Cypress Creek Town Center - DRI 252.

My major objections are the sheer size of the development, leading to the
tremendous increase in traffic and subsequent vehicle saturation of the
surrounding roads, and the impact on current residents of the area. It will
destroy some 70 acres of wetlands, and bring problems that go with most of the
development's being in the 100-year floodplain, which is a clear indication of
the chance of future problems with flooding and concurrent destruction of the
development and surrounding residential areas.

This development is not right for any reason, except the greed of the
developers.

Charles Miller, Land O'Lakes

In praise of recycling and the efficient blue bag

Editor: We've been recycling in Pasco County for years. Not too many people
participate now, with the convenience of the blue bags. They would never go for
two or three bins every week.

For about $5 a year for blue bags, or you can use Wal-Mart bags if you wish, you
have the best system ever. Yes, I, too, lived up North. Every week I had to haul
three bins to the curb, they lay scattered about all day because we both worked,
and the whole town looked like Trashville on pickup day.

Blue bags go out every two weeks, and when you get up in the morning, it's all
gone. It is neat, clean and convenient. Couldn't ask for anything better. Don't
mess with my blue bag, and please recycle.

We really need to do this, all of us together. Let's see lots of blue bags out
there.

Lorraine Ofiara, New Port Richey

Let's make sure politicians represent our needs

Editor: During this presidential election campaign, our nation and our community
polarized itself based on the information provided to us by the politicians and
spin doctors. People willingly chose sides based on their personal beliefs and,
more ominously, the lies and false promises handed out by candidates who, after
being elected, always seem to forget who voted them into office. Our politicians
never seem to forget the concept of taxation, yet representation seems to be for
sale to the highest bidder.

I hope people can put down their partisan swords and instead remember their
neighbors whom they met at the polls. Remember the conversations and differences
in opinion and most importantly, the common ground that we all share as a free
people, with that ground being the desire to raise our families in a free
society where all children are deemed important, all people have access to
affordable health care and all Americans have a chance to pursue their goals and
dreams, free from oppression and abuse.

Together, we must stand and hold our politicians accountable to represent our
needs, and not just those of the special interest groups that fund their
expensive spin campaigns.

Scott Factor, New Port Richey

Editor's note: The writer was an unsuccessful candidate for County Commission.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LETTERS

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              125 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 17, 2011 Monday

Mortensens file lawsuit against police, prosecutors

BYLINE: Pat Reavy Deseret News ,By Amy Joi O'Donoghue Deseret News

LENGTH: 1110 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? Saying police and prosecutors purposely deceived a grand jury
by not presenting all of the information available, the son and daughter-in-law
of a slain Brigham Young University professor filed a federal civil rights
lawsuit Monday. "This was a terrible violation of Pam and Roger Mortensen's
constitutional rights," said attorney Robert Sykes. "This was a travesty of
justice."

On Nov. 16, 2009, Kay Mortensen was murdered in his home in Payson Canyon. For
four months, Pam and Roger Mortensen, who happened to stop by Kay Mortensen's
home shortly after the murder was believed to have occurred, were incarcerated
on murder charges. They were just a month away from trial when a tip lead
investigators to make two new arrests and drop the charges against the
Mortensens. The two men new men arrested and charged in Mortensen's death
allegedly held Pam and Roger Mortensen hostage and threatened to kill them.
Although they are no longer accused of the horrific crime, the Mortensens spoke
at length on Monday on how the false arrest has affected their lives. "Every
aspect of my life has been changed," Roger Mortensen said. Mortensen talked
about how people used to cross the street if they saw him coming just to avoid
contact or how he was asked once to leave a grocery store while shopping. Pamela
Mortensen lost her job and said she is having trouble finding a new one. The
incident has hurt the Mortensens financially, their standings in the community
and relations with their own families, which neither are sure can ever be
repaired. The lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court alleges violation of their
Fourth Amendment rights against  unlawful search and seizure and 14th Amendment
rights to due  process, as well as protections under the Utah Constitution. They
are  seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive damages. The complaint
asserts malicious prosecution, false arrest and false  imprisonment happened as
the result of the actions of Utah County  Sheriff's detectives Josh Chappell and
Erik Knutzen, Sgt. Matt Higley  and Lt. Mike Brower. It also names Tim Taylor
and John Nielsen,  prosecutors with the Utah County Attorney's Office. When the
officers named in the suit were interviewed by a grand jury investigating the
Kay Mortensen murder, they deliberately withheld information, coloring the
panel's perception of the couple's participation in the crime, according to
court documents. Mistakenly pointing fingers at the wrong suspect is not a
crime, Sykes said. "They can suspect all they want. That's good police work," he
said. What they can't do, however, is purposely withhold exculpatory evidence
when being questioned by a grand jury, Sykes said. "The duty of officers before
a grand jury is to tell the truth. They cannot misrepresent something. They
cannot misrepresent by falsehoods or omissions," he said. "Many false
impressions were left." As an example, they point to the statements by
investigators that the  pair gave only "vague" descriptions of the two men, when
in fact, they  described the color of their hair, body weight, height and build
? in  addition to how they spoke. Police and prosecutors also represented to the
grand jury that the  two were "very calm and (showed) no emotion whatsoever"
within minutes  of their 911 call. The statements failed to note, however, that
Roger  Mortensen suffered a traumatic brain injury in an accident that
continues to affect his demeanor and that Pam Mortensen was so scared  and upset
she couldn't control her bowels that night, according to the  lawsuit. When the
grand jury met on July 28-29, 2010, the Mortensens weren't even aware they were
meeting with the panel and were never given the chance to be questioned by them.
Monday, both Pamela Mortensen and her mother, Donna Rissinger, addressed
Pamela's calm demeanor with police, noting that based on her work with human
services she had been accustomed to remaining calm under stressful situations.
Rissinger said there came a point where she even felt guilty for raising a
"strong, independent" daughter. The Mortensens also denied being uncooperative
with police and prosecutors. Pamela Mortensen noted that she recently had a long
interview with one of the prosecutors she is now suing. But she said they will
both fully cooperate with the current prosecution to make sure justice is served
in the murder. Sykes would not say how much money the Mortensens would be
seeking in the suit, but hinted it would be significant. "This is an outrageous
abuse of power. I think that's worth a lot of money," he said. "This is an
injustice that just cries out for some restitution." When asked what the
motivation for withholding information from the grand jury would be, the
Mortensens and Sykes speculated it was because police had no other leads on the
case. "The officers and prosecutors know there would be insufficient evidence to
charge the two in the regular way," he said. Rissinger predicted that her
daughter would have been acquitted if the case had gone to trial because of lack
of evidence. Both Pam and Roger Mortensen said they suffered abuse and
humiliation while in the Utah County Jail, not from the inmates but from the
officers. Pamela Mortensen said the other female inmates knew she was innocent
and 90 female inmates all applauded on the day she walked out of jail free. "I
thought that the police were your friends. Our experience has been exactly the
opposite," she said. "The country I thought I lived in where your rights are
always protected are gone for me," Rissinger added. The Utah County Attorney's
Office issued a statement Monday afternoon in response to the lawsuit. It said
prosecutors and the sheriff's office presented clear and convincing evidence to
the grand jury in 2010. "The Utah County Sheriff?s and Attorney?s Offices
acknowledge that the evidence now in their possession indicates that (Martin)
Bond and (Benjamin) Rettig were the perpetrators of Kay Mortensen?s murder.
"However, the sheriff?s office ? both before and after Roger and Pamela?s
indictment ? vigorously, thoroughly and professionally investigated all clues
and leads regarding Mr. Mortensen?s death, whether those leads pointed toward
Roger and Pamela or toward other persons. Similarly, the county attorney?s
office ethically, professionally and fairly presented to the grand jury evidence
both favorable and damning to Roger and Pamela Mortensen," it said in its
statement. The county attorney's office said it looked forward to working with
the Mortensens as it seeks justice in Kay Mortensen's death. E-mail:
preavy@desnews.com, amyjoi@desnews.com, Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam, amyjoi16

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              126 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

Hawaii: Remarks For Attorney General Eric H. Holder, Jr. Press Conference
Announcing Settlement with Hyundai And Kia

LENGTH: 914  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Good morning, and thank you all for being here.  I am joined today by
Administrator Gina McCarthy of the Environmental Protection Agency.  We are here
to announce a historic settlement under the Clean Air Act - a settlement that
will send an unmistakable message to automakers around the world: that they must
comply with U.S. law; that they must be forthcoming with the EPA about critical
certification requirements; and that the U.S. Department of Justice will never
rest in our determination to protect American consumers.

We are announcing today that the United States has filed a complaint in federal
district court alleging that Hyundai Motor America, Kia Motors America, and
related entities violated the Clean Air Act by selling roughly 1.2 million cars
- throughout the United States - based on inaccurate representations of the
vehicles' performance and emissions.

For context, beginning in 2012, Hyundai and Kia, like all other light duty car
makers, had to meet certain greenhouse gas emission limits.  These emissions
correlate with the fuel efficiency of a vehicle - because, in essence, the more
fuel efficient your car happens to be, in miles per gallon, the less greenhouse
gas it emits.  The Clean Air Act requires car manufacturers to test
representative vehicles in order to ensure that they meet emission standards.
These manufacturers then must apply to the Environmental Protection Agency for
what is called a Certificate of Conformity.

Through this process, car companies provide assurances to the EPA that any car
like the test vehicle will also meet the necessary emission standards.   In our
complaint, we maintain that Hyundai and Kia misrepresented to the EPA a key
vehicle characteristic - known as the "road load force" - of each of six car
models when it applied for certificates for those vehicles.

Because they used inaccurately low numbers to demonstrate compliance with
emissions standards - cherry-picking data and conducting tests in ways that did
not reflect good engineering judgment - Hyundai and Kia calculated higher fuel
economy and lower greenhouse gas emissions than these vehicles actually have.
The companies then reported the lower greenhouse gas emission numbers to the EPA
in their applications.  They claimed more GHG emission credits than they were
entitled to.  And they touted these inaccurate fuel economy statistics to
consumers.

Because of the misrepresentation of the road load force, we allege that the
Hyundai and Kia vehicles in question are uncertified.  And each uncertified
vehicle that was sold constitutes a separate violation of the Clean Air Act -
because this important law fundamentally depends on accurate testing and
reporting by car makers.  Any company that misrepresents the performance of
their test vehicles risks harming human health and the environment, either by
causing more pollution than the law allows, or, as happened in this case, by
claiming greenhouse gas emission credits they did not earn - to the tune of
roughly 4.75 million metric tons.  Without this enforcement action, Hyundai and
Kia could have used or sold those emission credits later.

Violations like this also compromise key safeguards that preserve fair and open
competition in the marketplace by putting other car makers at a competitive
disadvantage.  Companies that comply with the law may spend more to achieve
emission characteristics than those that misrepresent the performance of their
vehicles.  They may see their sales affected by the claims of other companies
regarding, for example, better fuel economy.  More importantly, all consumers
have the right to know that the cars they buy actually have the characteristics
that are represented to the EPA - a basic compact that Hyundai and Kia
flagrantly violated in this case.

Under the historic settlement we announce today, Hyundai and Kia will remedy
their conduct by doing three things.  First, they will pay a civil penalty of
$100 million - the largest civil penalty ever secured under the Clean Air Act.
This will send a strong message that cheating is not profitable - and that any
company that violates the law will be held to account.   Second, Hyundai and Kia
will forfeit the greenhouse gas credits that the companies wrongly claimed based
on their inaccurate reporting.  Our settlement will require them to relinquish
4.75 million metric tons' worth of credits, which could be valued at hundreds of
millions of dollars.  And finally, Hyundai and Kia will be required to implement
rigorous new procedures - including training and enhanced audit testing of their
vehicles - to prevent this kind of violation from happening again.

This unprecedented resolution underscores the Justice Department's firm
commitment to safeguarding American consumers, ensuring fairness in every
marketplace, protecting the environment, and relentlessly pursuing companies
that make misrepresentations and violate the law.  We are pleased to be joined
in this action by the California Air Resources Board.  This announcement
illustrates that this type of conduct quite simply will not be tolerated.  And
the Justice Department and our partners will never rest or waver in our
determination to take action against anyone who engages in such activities -
whenever and wherever they are uncovered.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Watch for price-comparison bias online, Texas AG says in N.Y. suit

BYLINE: AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 504 words


Monday kicked off a peak season for online shopping. But Texas Attorney General
Greg Abbott said consumers looking for the best deals should be careful about
which price-comparison Web sites to trust.

"Some Web sites may not be providing the unbiased ratings they promise," Abbott
said.

Abbott's office has sued two New York price-comparison companies, saying that
they falsely presented themselves as unbiased raters of online merchants.

In fact, the lawsuits said the companies endorsed merchants even though they
knew the sellers had received numerous consumer complaints. In one case, Abbott
said, the company also took money from merchants in exchange for describing them
as reliable and trustworthy.

One company, Intercept LLC, which operates Web sites under Shopcartusa.com,
Diduprice.com and Digitalsaver.com, has agreed to change its practices and
either pay a $300,000 fine or stop doing business.

In a second lawsuit, Abbott charged that Everyprice.com misrepresents itself to
consumers as operating unbiased price-comparison Web sites.

In fact, the lawsuit says, Everyprice.com accepts money from merchants in
exchange for promoting them with phrases such as "quality sellers" and
"recommended merchants."

Further, the lawsuit says that Albert Houllou, who owns a stake in Everyprice,
also owns numerous companies that the Web site has recommended.

Abbott's lawsuit seeks to stop Everyprice.com from continuing those practices
and civil penalties for violations of the Texas Deceptive Practices Act.
AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

Cyber Monday kicked off a peak season for online shopping. But Texas Attorney
General Greg Abbott said consumers looking for the best deals should be careful
about which price-comparison Web sites to trust.

"Some Web sites may not be providing the unbiased ratings they promise," he
said.

Abbott's office has sued two New York price-comparison companies, saying that
they falsely presented themselves as unbiased raters of online merchants.

In fact, the lawsuits said, the companies endorsed merchants even though they
knew the sellers had received numerous consumer complaints.

In one case, Abbott said, the company also took money from merchants in exchange
for describing them as reliable and trustworthy.

One company, Intercept LLC, which operates Web sites under Shopcartusa.com,
Diduprice.com and Digitalsaver.com, has agreed to change its practices and
either pay a $300,000 fine or stop doing business.

In a second lawsuit, Abbott said Everyprice.com misrepresents itself to
consumers as operating unbiased price-comparison sites. The lawsuit accuses
Everyprice.com of accepting money from merchants in exchange for promoting them
with phrases like "quality sellers" and "recommended merchants."

Further, the lawsuit said that Albert Houllou, who owns a stake in Everyprice,
also owns several companies that the Web site has recommended. Abbott's lawsuit
seeks to stop Everyprice.com from continuing those practices, in addition to
civil penalties for violations of the Texas Deceptive Practices Act.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              May 31, 2009 Sunday

Letters: Sheriff's actions misrepresent facts

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 658 words


Sheriff's actions misrepresent facts

Again recently, your Sheriff Wiles displayed a selective memory, this time at a
U.S. Senate hearing. Wiles reported that he doesn't let his deputies stop and
question people about their immigration status.

His sworn oath of office includes "preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution and laws of the United States."

He can't pick and choose, as in a department store, so he should do his complete
job.

Additionally, again in this hearing, he announced that El Paso is one of the
safest cities in the U.S. He deceived these senators. This should be a crime!

The FBI's list of crimes for this safe-city ranking does not include drug
trafficking, illegals, and weapons trafficking. All three are out of control in
El Paso, therefore, El Paso is not safe, and Wiles knows this fact.

Voters, please demand that Sheriff Wiles do his complete job or resign, and also
stop giving misrepresentations in his testimony.

Yes, this is a carryover from his tour as chief of police.

Gray Turner / East El Paso

Gay marriage

I am very disappointed with the Times for lifting the article about gay marriage
from USA Today and putting it in ours (May 21).

I neither accept nor believe that "gay marriage gains acceptance." For too long
the people of the United States have been slammed with propaganda about how
"gays" do not have rights, etc.

Well, last time I looked, our Constitution covers everyone in this country. If
you want to be deviant in your behavior, you are still a citizen and have
rights.

However, I am tired of the homosexual minority putting me down for believing
that God has put men and women on this Earth to marry and procreate and live
together as a basic family unit. I will not be sorry for my beliefs. I think
that more people believe like I do than not.

Men, do you think about your sons growing up and marrying another man? And
women, do you honestly want your children in these kinds of relationships?

Thank God the California Supreme Court upheld what the majority voted for. The
majority ought to start saying out loud what they believe.

IÊam proud to stand for marriage between a man and a woman.

Amy Sanderson / Upper Valley

Scary Cheney

Former Vice President Cheney, in his speech against the administration's doing
away with "enhanced interrogation" (i.e., torture), said they were using "phony
morality."

He claimed that the results, which he wants made public, would show that his
administration's tactics were right.

Cheney is the one using "phony morality." One of the basic principles of
morality is, "The end does not justify the means." If it did, with Cheney's
logic you could justify anything -- torture, murder, abortion, assassinations,
etc., as long as the end was a good one.

Joseph Nelson / East El Paso

Web cowards

I've lived in El Paso since 1995 and I have to say that I feel 100 percent El
Pasoan. I've seen your newspaper go through some changes over the years; the
biggest change has to be your Web site. You can tell by the number of
advertisers that it has to be a good investment for you.

However, I have to say that your TOPIX site is just awful. It is a place that,
through the benefit of anonymity, anyone can post racist comments and points of
view.

It would be very sad to know that you take advantage of these racists as a
source of income by the traffic they generate on your Web site.

I fully support freedom of speech. However, if you want to speak your mind, show
your face. Don't hide behind a monitor and keyboard.

Soy Rodriguez / West El Paso

Helicopter rides

Here's a thought that might become reality one day. How about a Sun City
helicopter ride?

Yes, neighbors, a Sun City helicopter ride for tourists and locals to overlook
two nations and three states.

Just to name a few sites: Franklin Mountains, Hueco Tanks, Trans Mountain Road,
international bridges, Rio Grande, Northeast mega flag, the Star on the Mountain
and maybe even White Sands National Monument.

Alex Morales / Lower Valley

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 31, 1991, Thursday

Letters to the Editor; If suburbs want Ga. 400, they must take 2nd airport

BYLINE: FREYA E. HARRIS, Atlanta; Editorial misrepresents policies of home
buildersMARK ELLIS TIPTONJOHN FREDERICK DUGGAR III, Atlanta; More views on gulf
warTHE REV. MARTY DUREN, JacksonROBERT E. BRAXTON, AtlantaROBERT A. LESLIE,
DecaturHARRY LEE SMITH, AlpharettaRHOEN CARLSON, Atlanta

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 10

LENGTH: 1267 words


Just who do the people in the suburbs of Atlanta think they are?

They ram Georgia 400 down the throats of Buckhead residents, though we mightily
protested this rude intrusion into our neighborhood.

Yet, when the people of Atlanta want to build a second airport to relieve
Hartsfield, what do the people of Forsyth and other counties do? They scream,
"Not in my back yard!"

Just what do they think Atlantans were hollering when the Georgia 400 extension
and the Presidential Parkway were proposed?

The suburbanites of the Atlanta metro area want to have their way but don't want
the folks inside Interstate 285 to have theirs. Are suburban dwellers more equal
than urban dwellers?

Suburbanites wanted Georgia 400 to ease their access into the city, but when
they get here they're going to find the traffic worse than ever due to the
number of side streets blocked by their pet highway. The only people who will
benefit from Georgia 400 are the ones building it.

I don't want a highway next to my living room any more than the suburbanites
want 747s flying over their azaleas.

But the city and the suburbs are going to have to compromise. Either they accept
an airport in return for the right to thrust 400 through the heart of Buckhead,
or forget this destructive highway and stop destroying our trees, and we'll make
do with Hartsfield alone.

The Jan. 21 editorial, "Home builders fail to face up to blame," was factually
incorrect and grossly misrepresents the views and policies of the National
Association of Home Builders, which recently met in Atlanta.

First NAHB is not blaming, as The Constitution alleged, the Federal Reserve
Board and high interest rates for the current economic recession. In fact,
interest rates on fixed-rate loans are in the 9 percent range, the lowest level
in nearly a decade.

The current economic slump can be traced to, among other things, falling
consumer confidence, uncertainty over the Persian Gulf crisis and more recently
the outbreak of war with Iraq, the shakeout among financial institutions and the
credit crunch confronting builders and other small businessmen.

NAHB has been supporting for more than a decade bipartisan efforts to reduce the
cancerous federal deficit. And our stand here goes far beyond just token
support. Federal housing programs now account for less than 1 cent of each
budget dollar - down from 5 cents in 1980. Had other segments of the budget been
reduced in a similar fashion, the United States would have a budget surplus
today.

The Atlanta Constitution was dead wrong when it asked: "Why weren't builders
protesting in Washington eight years ago, demanding closer government
supervision of the savings and loan industry?"

The truth is that NAHB opposed the deregulation of the S&L industry.

Unfortunately, our warnings went unheeded and the worst of our fears came true.
S&Ls that abandoned their primary function of financing housing to seek their
fortunes in high-risk ventures in commercial real estate and junk bonds are now
being bailed out at a tremendous cost to American taxpayers. In contrast, those
S&Ls that stuck with housing are generally among the healthiest financial
institutions in America.

The critical issue now is how do we best get out of this mess, stabilize and
restructure our nation's financial institutions and stimulate a housing-led
economic recovery.

In its deliberations in Atlanta, the NAHB adopted a very basic, "common-sense"
approach for stimulating an economic recovery.

This policy agenda includes the following points: For Congress and the
administration to support a bipartisan, long-term plan to reduce the nation's
federal deficit and support for a strategy to rebuild the nation's housing
production finance system.

Adoption of such an agenda would help put the economy on the road to recovery.
The construction of an additional 100,000 single-family homes would create
180,000 full-time jobs. More importantly, a rebound in home sales and housing
construction would bolster public confidence and help fulfill the American dream
of homeownership for millions of families who still need decent, affordable
shelter.

Mr. Tipton is president of the National Association of Home Builders,
Washington, D.C.; Fed caused recession

What happened to Eastern Airlines? It was destroyed by three mosquitoes and an
elephant.

The three mosquitoes were: Eastern's unions, rising fuel costs and fear of
flying related to the Persian Gulf war.

The elephant was the "Greenspan recession," induced by the Federal Reserve in
the time-honored Fed tradition of fighting inflation with a relentlessly
stringent monetary policy.

The Fed policy relies on distress conditions to fight inflation, regardless of
the terrible hardships wrought on the nation by the resulting business failures,
unemployment and other economic dislocations and inefficiencies, not to mention
an immense amount of production that is lost forever.

The time has come for the Federal Reserve to give up its predilection for trying
to use monetary policy to cure ills caused by reckless fiscal policy. The Fed
should go back to its original purpose of providing the liquidity needed for a
strong economy.

If, as is likely, foolish fiscal policies persist in Congress, thus causing
continued deficits, at least these deficits would be lessened by having a strong
economy.

In addition to encouraging a strong economy, the Fed should point out to the
people of the nation that unbridled spending by Congress is the basic cause of
inflation.

. . . It seems the media are quicker to believe Baghdad radio than Gens. Colin
Powell or Norman Schwarzkoph. For instance, when the report was given that a
baby-formula factory had been hit, the U.S. media jumped on it like flies on a
hambone. Did the media forget that Saddam Hussein murders his own people? That
his men killed Kuwaiti babies and took others from their incubators?

. . . The Constitution correctly condemns the Iraqi army's bombing of Israel as
terrorism. But eyewitness accounts in a recent Constitution story describe the
horrendous effects of round-the-clock bombing of Baghdad: no fresh fruit,
vegetables or meat; no running water, electricity or telephone service; and a
dire shortage of medical supplies. Is this not also terrorism against an entire
civilian population? Don't the American people have the right to know the real
effects of U.S. bombs on Iraqi civilians?

. . . I remain a loyal citizen but I will not be able to celebrate a victorious
war effort. On the contrary, I will be praying for forgiveness for my failure to
do my part in preventing war. I pray the war ends quickly and that the
casualties are few and that we learn from our wrongdoing.

. . . While Saddam must be stopped, he should be stopped by those most directly
affected - the Arabs. Last August, we should have told the Arabs to replace our
ground troops with their own army. Our failure to do so has put many of our
young men at risk in a deadly ground conflict. Our Arab allies provide a fickle
backing that might crumble if Israel enters the war or if we kill too many
Arabs.

. . . It is painful to think of how the administration rushed this country into
an armed conflict out of which no lasting good will come. Economic sanctions
would have established an overwhelming precedent for the peaceful resolution of
conflicts. The world was ready to vault itself into the 21st century of
political thought. But now, thanks to President Bush and Congress, we have to
wait.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              130 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            January 24, 2014 Friday

Nissan settles with US over deceptive pickup ad

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 438 words


Nissan went too far with a TV commercial that depicts its Frontier pickup truck
powering up a sandy hill to save a struggling dune buggy, according to the
Federal Trade Commission.

In an announcement Thursday, the commission said Nissan has agreed to settle
deceptive advertising charges over the 30-second ad. In it, a little black dune
buggy can be seen stuck in sand on a steep hill. Suddenly, a red Frontier speeds
to the rescue of the dune buggy and pushes it up and over the hill, to the
cheers of amazed onlookers.

The "Hill Climb" ad was shot in a realistic-looking YouTube style.

And no, the Frontier pickup can"t really do that. In fact, the FTC complaint
says both the truck and the buggy were dragged to the top of the hill by cables.

In a statement, Nissan said it takes its commitment to truthful advertising
seriously. "The company has been and remains committed to complying with the
law," said spokesman Travis Parman.

Also named in the complaint is advertising agency TBWA Worldwide Inc. The FTC
says both Nissan and TBWA are barred from making deceptive demonstrations in
future ads.

"Special effects in ads can be entertaining, but advertisers can"t use them to
misrepresent what a product can do," said Jessica Rich, head of the FTC"s
consumer protection bureau.

The ad did have a disclaimer that briefly flashed on the screen at the beginning
saying it was a "fictionalization" and that viewers should "not attempt."

But that didn"t work for the commission.

"The disclosure that was on the screen was neither clear nor conspicuous," said
Matthew Gold, an FTC attorney in San Francisco. "Even if what was being
portrayed was understood to be fictional, consumers could still believe that
what was shown was an actual stunt instead of something achieved through special
effects."

The proposed settlement does not prohibit the use of special effects, the
commission said, as long as they don"t misrepresent the qualities or features of
the pickup truck.

The ad aired in late 2011. A more recent Nissan ad, for the automaker"s new
Rogue SUV, has been the subject of a somewhat intense social media campaign.

The ad shows a woman driving a Rogue, swerving and speeding up a ramp, launching
the car into the air and then managing to land on the top of a train to avoid
traffic and arrive at her destination early. It"s been airing frequently during
NFL and college-football games, prompting complaints on Twitter and on the
automaker"s Facebook page.

The Rogue ad contains a disclaimer, "Fantasy, do not attempt. Cars can"t jump on
trains."

The FTC would not say if it had received any complaints about Nissan"s Rogue
commercial.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Officers talk about DMV photo change

BYLINE: Jessica Farrish, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 728 words


July 09--A new West Virginia Division of Motor Vehicles policy that will allow
state motorists who identify as transgender to pose in their usual clothing and
make-up for their state-issued driver's license photographs was met with a mixed
response Wednesday by local law enforcement officers.

The new policy allows West Virginia drivers to wear their wigs, make-up and
jewelry in state-issued driver's licenses, if they usually wear those items in
their day-to-day lives.

Formerly, drivers could not "purposefully alter" physical appearance or
misrepresent sex or identity in DMV photos.

The changes to DMV policy took effect July 1, following a threat of a civil suit
by the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York, according to
the TLDEF website.

In 2014, Kristen Skinner and Trudy Kitzmiller, two West Virginians who are
transitioning from male to female, reported that they were discriminated against
in separate DMV offices. Both drivers report that they were called "it" by DMV
clerks and that clerks refused to take their pictures until they had removed
their make-up and jewelry.

Representatives of the Fayette County Sheriff's Office and Summers County
Sheriff's Office said on Wednesday that DMV officials had not alerted their
divisions to the changes.

Lt. Brad Ellison of the Wyoming County Sheriff's Department said the new policy
could add an extra step for police officers during traffic stops or other times
that identification is needed.

"Driving is a privilege, not a right," Ellison said. "It's going to add another
step law enforcement has to go through, doing their job.

"You get your driver's license every 5 years, and people change, anyway.

"It takes more time, if we're having to spend that time on the side of the road,
trying to confirm who we have stopped."

The policy will also allow drivers to change the sex identification on their
licenses, if they can provide documentation from a doctor.

A 2003 policy prohibited those seeking a driver's license to intentionally
misrepresent their sex or identity or to "purposefully alter" physical
appearance in their photos, TLDEF reported.

State officials had said that the purpose of the policy was to prevent incidents
of fraud.

TLDEF attorneys pointed out on the website that Skinner and Kitzmiller typically
wear make-up and jewelry.

"TLDEF explained that Trudy and Kristen were transgender women who just wanted
license photos that looked the way they do on a regular basis," the TLDEF
website reads. "The letter further explained that forcing Trudy and Kristen to
remove their makeup and other items to try to make them look male before
allowing them to take their license photos restricted their free speech rights
and amounted to sex discrimination in violation of state and federal
constitutional protections.

"TLDEF asked that the women be given the opportunity to have their license
photos taken while appearing as they normally do."

Attorneys also pointed out that driver's licenses are used as identification for
employment purposes and that denial of a photo with make-up, jewelry and other
usual clothing items would present a hardship for Skinner, Kitzmiller and
others.

West Virginia officials first refused to budge on the state policy, TLDEF
reported.

However, following a threat by TLDEF attorneys to sue on behalf of Skinner,
Kitzmiller and a third driver in the state, West Virginia officials agreed to
make the changes suggested by TLDEF staff.

Both residents had presented documentation of their legal name changes,
according to TLDEF reports. Legal name changes must be updated on a driver's
license, according to state law.

The TLDEF website was unclear on whether Skinner and Kitzmiller had undergone
sex change operations in 2014.

Fayette County Sheriff Steve Kessler said he'd only heard of the new photo
policy when The Register-Herald contacted him but that he doesn't believe it
will make an officer's job more difficult.

"You might have to take a second look at who you're dealing with," he said. "But
I've seen a little bit of everything behind the wheel of a car.

"You might have to ask a question or two more than you'd normally ask."

DMV officials did not respond to a request for an interview Wednesday.

___ (c)2015 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150709-WZ-Officers-talk-about-DMV-photo-change-0709-20150709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2015 The Register-Herald


                              132 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday

Peninsula readers' letters: April 8

BYLINE: From Daily News Group readers

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 699 words


Stanford's hospital project too big

Dear Editor: Palo Alto should not be trying to shake down Stanford or trying to
get big money for Stanford's hospital plan. What it should try to do is cut the
project down to size. The city and by default the residents are being asked to
support this monstrous medical facility that by its very design and business
plan is going to drive massive growth and expansion of our city. Building over 2
million square feet and adding over 3,000 more workers will flood Palo Alto
streets with traffic, lead to calls to build more housing to address our housing
imbalance, continue the overcrowding of our schools and hasten the already
unchecked demise of our parks and city infrastructure.

Despite what the Stanford public relations team tells people, the proposed
hospital is not a community hospital. In fact, it is quite apparent that its
design will drive out basic medical care in favor of cutting edge (read higher
paying) technologies such as transplantation and cancer treatment. It is also
designed to attract patients from around the country, not the local community.

This facility, because of its historic placement on the Stanford campus, has
poor accessibility from the major freeways. Patients and workers will be forced
to drive through Palo Alto, forcing intersections that are already overcrowded
to completely gridlock. If this is really a regional facility, where is the
freeway access through Menlo Park (via Willow Road?) that will connect to El
Camino and the new hospital? Why are Palo Alto residents forced to support the
fallout from this Taj Mahal of hospitals when it is really serving the entire
region and beyond?

The university is asking for zoning exemptions to exceed Palo Alto's current
limits on height and density. Yes, Stanford should meet state law and make the
hospital safe and modern, but there is no requirement for this massive and
costly expansion. Palo Alto needs a community hospital, not the hospital that
Stanford is designing.

Tina Peak,

Palo Alto

Rich neighbors know what's best?

Dear Editor: Thanks for the update on the Redwood City Cargill plan that
everyone outside of Redwood City wants to put their two cents into.

If other cities can do that, then Redwood City should have a right to tell
officials and residents of Palo Alto, Mountain View, Menlo Park and any other
city how to run their affairs. Of course these are communities where everyone
does that anyway but they represent the richer areas of the Bay Area. Somehow
people in these communities think that their bank accounts and the value of
their homes give them a right to tell others how to live their lives.

It is a good thing that the famed leaning Tower of Pisa in Italy is not in
California. I am sure that everyone would be up in arms that it has been leaning
and could collapse during an earthquake. Engineering studies and environmental
impact reports would be issued and the owner of the leaning Tower of Pisa would
get sued by preservation groups to fix it on the owner's bank account.

Another reason why California has gone off the deep end, and I hope Redwood City
does what is best for them. It is not like they are dumping toxic wastes into
the Bay.

Andrew Smith,

Campbell

Misleading headline

Dear Editor: I was disappointed to read that you titled my letter of April 6
"Noble Hezbollah" because it misrepresents my point completely. This
anti-Palestinian rhetorical device makes it more likely for the reader to
disagree with my letter, since it proposes a stance (that I do not take) that is
excessively and inaccurately sympathetic to one party.

I describe Hezbollah in many ways, but I would not use the word "noble." Please
do not misrepresent my arguments in the future. As it is now clear where you
stand on the issues, I will continue to write about them, and to advocate for
the underrepresented Arab voice.

Diana Galbraith,

Mountain View

Lowered standards?

Dear Editor: John McCain, who basically fired Carly Fiorina from his campaign
staff in the summer of 2008, has now endorsed her in the California Senate race.

Hmm, I wonder what could have happened to have Sen. McCain so lower his bar for
a high-profile woman candidate?

Janice Hough,

Palo Alto

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 26, 1998, Wednesday, Final Edition

Political Intrigue; Glendening Spy Slips Up in Rival Camp

Charles Babington, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 770 words


The young man taking notes and running a tape recorder at Ellen R. Sauerbrey's
news conference last Friday said he was a reporter for Baltimore's Afro-American
newspaper. In fact, he was a paid campaign aide for Maryland Gov. Parris N.
Glendening (D), whom Sauerbrey is challenging.

The episode is an example of the aggressive monitoring and intelligence
gathering conducted by many modern campaigns, in which an opponent's unguarded
comment is grist for a TV attack ad. Glendening and Sauerbrey (R) are avid
practitioners, sending aides to videotape each other's public events and
spending thousands of dollars to research each other's records.

By most accounts, Glendening's camp is more aggressive. His aides have gone so
far as to videotape one-on-one interviews that reporters conduct with rival
candidates after news conferences. Friday, Glendening campaign field worker
Demaune Millard stepped over the line, several Republicans and Democrats say,
when he misrepresented himself at Sauerbrey's campaign headquarters in Towson.

At the news conference, which concerned efforts to attract minority voters,
Millard told Sauerbrey aides that he was a reporter for the Afro-American, a
weekly newspaper. They became suspicious when he drove away in a car with
Glendening bumper stickers.

Yesterday, Glendening aides initially dismissed the incident when questioned by
The Washington Post.

"Demaune has assured me that he was professional in every respect," said
campaign spokesman Peter Hamm. "I don't know that anybody in the business of
politics has firm guidelines" on how aides should identify themselves at
opponents' events.

Later in the day, however, Hamm said: "It was not correct for Demaune to
misrepresent himself as a reporter. . . . He's remorseful. This will not be
repeated. Our policy is 'Do not lie.' "

The Glendening and Sauerbrey campaigns acknowledge that they often send aides to
videotape each other's public events, but spokesmen said the workers are
supposed to identify themselves.

"All our paid staff and interns here have been directed not to misrepresent
themselves," said Sauerbrey campaign spokesman Jim Dornan. "That directive was
issued the minute I walked through the door."

Spy vs. spy videotaping is standard in many gubernatorial and congressional
campaigns. In this year's Democratic gubernatorial primary in California,
videotapers working for Al Checchi were so aggressive that candidate Jane Harman
dubbed one "the stalker." Some said the videotaping bordered on harassment, and
primary winner Gray Davis accused Checchi of "dirty tricks."

Some of the photographers' work was used in Checchi's attack ads, a format in
which nothing is more prized than video footage -- often played in slow motion
-- of an opponent saying something controversial or foolish. The more events
captured on tape, campaign consultants say, the more chances of stumbling across
a useful faux pas.

"I think it's going on a lot, because people have learned that the most
effective attack ad includes a video clip of the candidate" in an awkward
moment, said Ron Faucheux, editor of Campaigns & Elections magazine.

Campaigns also hire researchers to pore over databases and other sources to find
old votes, quotes and other items that can be used against a rival. In 1994,
Melvin A. Steinberg, then the lieutenant governor of Maryland, produced several
thick books of such "opposition research" in his unsuccessful bid to deny
Glendening the Democratic gubernatorial nomination.

Glendening now is making similar efforts against Sauerbrey, who made dozens of
speeches and cast thousands of votes during her 16 years in the House of
Delegates. The governor's campaign has three full-time staff members handling
opposition research. They have their own phone lines so that when a subject of
their curiosity returns a call, they can answer with "hello," rather than
"Glendening-Townsend committee."

Sauerbrey also has an opposition research team, although sources say it is
smaller than Glendening's. The workers delve into Glendening's "record as
governor and as Prince George's county executive," Dornan said. "We're looking
very deeply into some of his claims."

Ray Strother, a Washington-based consultant for Democratic candidates, said,
"There was no such thing as opposition research" 30 years ago. Now, he said, it
rivals polling and media consulting in importance to a sophisticated campaign.

As for videotaping an opponent's news conferences, he said: "There are some
things you shouldn't have to tell people, and misrepresentation is one of those
things."

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              134 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                              May 11, 2008 Sunday

Study: Headlines misrepresent danger of health hazards

BYLINE: JUDY SIEGEL-ITZKOVICH

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 947 words


Reports on health scares often misrepresent the actual danger, thus
overshadowing the ongoing dangers of physical inactivity, smoking, obesity and
other chronic conditions that pose a danger to life and health, according to a
new Israeli study of US newspaper and electronic media reporting on medical
topics.

Prof. Myer Brezis of the Hebrew University-Braun School of Public Health and
Community Medicine and his colleague, Larisa Bomlitz, published their findings
recently in the Journal of Public Health.

Studying a representative sample of 400 US print, TV and radio reports produced
in a single year about several emerging and chronic health hazards, they found
an inverse connection between the number of deaths due to the health risks and
the number of media reports about these hazards. For example, bioterrorism and
SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) caused only a few dozens deaths in that
year but generated more than 100,000 media reports, while smoking and lack of
physical exercise - which killed nearly a million Americans that year - got much
less publicity.

They noted that health topics that get a disproportionately large amount of
coverage also usually appear with large front-page headlines, further skewing
the "importance" given to them by the media. They concluded that there is a
"bias" by the media toward "overreporting emerging health hazards in comparison
to their actual impact on public health."

Although the study did not include the Israeli media, Brezis (a nephrologist and
expert in quality control and avoiding medical errors) wrote his master's thesis
in public health at the Braun School a few years ago on Israeli health
reporting. He found that the level of expertise among most local health
reporters was not high.

A QUIETER MRI SCAN

The prototype of a headset that softens the loud noises produced when one
undergoes an MRI scan has been invented by University of Florida students. The
noises - often as loud as a jet engine - are unpleasant and can even cause
patients to move unintentionally and blur the image. UPI reported that although
there are commercial noise- damping earphones, they use electronics forbidden in
an MRI chamber, and passive systems are not enough to overcome the noise.

Stephen Forguson and three other students designed the headset together with the
Invivo Corporation. The new headset uses headphones attached to small tubes
connected to specially crafted electronics and algorithm software located
outside the MRI machine. Since MRI sounds are repetitive, and the piped-in
sounds are timed to occur on top of the repetitions, the patients hear the same
sound but at a much lower volume.

TEACHING DIABETICS TO COOK

WHAT'S GOOD FOR THEM

A course teaching diabetics how to cook for themselves in a way that will
improve their health has been opened at Laniado Medical Center in Netanya. Such
a course is already available at Hadassah Optimal, the wellness-promotion center
of the Hadassah University Medical Center in Jerusalem's Ein Kerem.

In the Netanya hospital, chef Shalom Revah teaches the course in a special
kitchen in its diabetes center. Diabetics learn what food is best for them and
how to cook it in the tastiest, most beneficial way to keep blood sugar and fat
levels down.

At the end of the three-hour course, participants are invited to eat what they
have prepared. For Independence Day, diabetics were taught how to prepare a
healthful barbecue

GETTING TO THE BOTTOM OF IT

Surgeons at UC San Diego Medical Center recently removed a dangerously inflamed
appendix by laparoscopic (keyhole) surgery through a woman's vagina - a first in
the US. After the 50-minute procedure, the patient reported only minor
discomfort. Removal of diseased organs through the body's natural openings
offers patients a rapid recovery, minimal pain and no scarring, said Prof.
Santiago Horgan, director of the hospital's Center for the Future of Surgery,
who has performed more than a dozen of these in Argentina.

The key to these surgical clinical trials is collaboration with medical device
companies to develop new minimally-invasive tools, he said. Called Natural
Orifice Translumenal Endoscopic Surgery (NOTES), it involves passing surgical
instruments through a natural orifice such as the mouth or vagina to remove a
diseased organ such as an appendix or gallbladder. Only one incision is made
through the belly button for the purpose of inserting a two- millimeter camera
into the abdominal cavity so the surgeons can safely access the surgical site.

"The path to innovation is dynamic, requiring quick response from the companies
developing the tools," said Horgan, president of the Minimally Invasive Robotics
Association. "Partnership with industry keeps us rolling from one success to
another. The evolution of surgery to incisionless techniques is on the horizon."

Horgan and Talamini used FDA-cleared RealHand High Dexterity instruments
developed by Novare Surgical.

ANOTHER REASON NOT TO SMOKE

Smoking encourages infection by affecting the short- lived white blood cells
that defend against invading pathogens by reducing their ability to seek and
destroy bacteria, according to a story at the University of Louisville School of
Dentistry in Kentucky.

Prof. David Scott said the white blood cells, called neutrophils, are generated
by bone marrow. The study, published in the journal BMC Cell Biology, found
nicotine- treated neutrophils were less able than nicotine-free neutrophils to
identify and destroy bacteria. The nicotine suppressed the oxidative burst in
HL-60 cells - a function that helps kill invading bacteria. Nicotine also
increased MMP-9 release, a factor involved in tissue degradation, the study
said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Netanya Hospital teaches diabetics what to cook to balance their
sugar. (Credit: Laniado)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Ambliq Natura

                                P.O. Box 920808
                               El Paso,  TX 79902
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.ambliqweightloss.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We at Ambliq Natura have made sure to follow all safety guidelines,
regulations and laws. Safety and quality are our priorities. All of our products
are manufactured in FDA registered laboratories that are cGMP certified and
comply with the US Pharmacopeia's quality standards for quality and purity.
When you buy Ambliq Natura, you can feel confident that you are getting a
quality weight loss product.  Ambliq Natura follows strict guidelines for
quality, safety and health.  Our Commitment to You: At Ambliq Natura we never
use false claims or misrepresent the facts. We follow strict guidelines of the
FDA and cGMP. We tell you about what's out there, what's working and why. We
only quote from real clinical studies and we will never put you on an auto-ship
program. Ambliq Natura is produced in a FDA Registered Laboratory. Ambliq Natura
is manufactured under the strict guidelines of the FDA's regulation of current
Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP). Ambliq Natura does not use false claims and
unsupported facts. Ambliq Natura complies with the US Pharmacopeia's quality
standards for quality and purity.  We at Ambliq Natura keep everything very
transparent. We don't try to hide behind our website or our label. In fact we
welcome you in. You can see our label at click HERE. And you can ask us any
questions you have. We are here to help you and provide you with a superior
weight loss product. We never use false claims or misrepresent the facts. We
tell you about what's out there, wh

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              136 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     October 5, 2003 Sunday, FINAL Edition

Faulty resume stirs ethics debate;
Opinions vary on the severity of Warren Cook's transgression.

BYLINE: PAUL CARRIER Staff WriterStaff Researcher Susan Butler contributed to
this article.

SECTION: MAINE & NEW ENGLAND; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1317 words


The recent admission by Maine businessman and political insider Warren Cook that
he fabricated military, academic and athletic honors on his resume underscores
what ethicists say is a growing disregard for the truth.

Cook's admission has also triggered a debate in Maine about the overall
significance of his behavior, and how people should react to it.

Cook, a close advisor to Gov. John Baldacci and former head of the Sugarloaf ski
resort, resigned as a senior vice president at The Jackson Laboratory in Bar
Harbor last week after it was revealed that he lied on his resume about
receiving the Navy Cross for his service in Vietnam in the Marines.

Cook, 58, also admitted that he did not hold a master's degree from the
University of Massachusetts, and did not play on the 1968 U.S. Olympic hockey
team. Cook had claimed those accomplishments on his resume.

Cook's deceptions, while noteworthy, may not be that unusual, according to
experts who say resume fraud is becoming a serious problem in the business
world.

HireRight, a California-based company that provides pre-employment screening
services, says that 34 percent of all job application forms "contain outright
lies about experience, education and ability to perform essential functions on
the job," according to the company's Web site. As many as 30 percent of all job
seekers exaggerate their accomplishments, and 11 percent misrepresent why they
left a previous job.

"The general public should understand that resume fraud is a huge and growing
problem," said Rushworth Kidder, president of the Institute for Global Ethics in
Camden.

When a powerful person like Cook lies about himself and gets away with it, even
if the truth comes out eventually, "he's sending a signal to the next
generation" that lying is acceptable if you can pull it off, Kidder said.

"We all engage in a great deal of deception and self-deception," said Charles
Ford, a psychiatrist at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and the author
of "Lies! Lies!! Lies!!!: The Psychology of Deceit." As a species, Ford said,
"we tell people what they want to hear (and) we encourage them to tell us what
we want to hear."

Ford said most people are not pathological liars. But he said it's not unusual
for prominent people to misrepresent themselves. Ford said even successful
people who hold solid credentials sometimes embellish them because they have
"some deficit in self-esteem" and they are "still feeling imperfect in some
way."

In Maine, people are splitting into two camps as they try to evaluate the
significance of what Cook has done.

To some, resume fraud is an inexcusable deception that demonstrates a major
character flaw, especially if it involves high military honors. Others say good
people, like Cook, sometimes do bad things that are not egregious enough to
outweigh the person's virtues and accomplishments.

Cook did not return telephone calls from the Maine Sunday Telegram seeking
comment. The Bangor Daily News quoted him as saying he lied about the Navy
Cross, he made a mistake about the master's degree and he was only on call at
the 1968 Olympic games in Grenoble, France, as the fourth goalie on the U.S.
hockey team.

To his friends and business associates, Cook is a talented and civic-minded man
who should not be judged by the fact that he misrepresented credentials on his
resume. They say Cook behaved badly in claiming to be what he is not, but that
one mistake should not ruin the reputation of a man whose contributions to Maine
carry a lot more weight than making false claims on his resume.

"He's been a strong and forceful leader in the business community," said Severin
Beliveau of Hallowell, a lawyer, lobbyist and Democratic Party activist. "We've
got to balance that against his poor judgment ... He's suffering, his family is
suffering and his friends are suffering."

Cook tends to operate behind the scenes, but he is well-connected.

He served as one of three leaders of Baldacci's transition team after Baldacci
was elected governor last November. He had close ties to Baldacci's predecessor,
Angus King. He helped run civic organizations, including hospitals, banks,
chambers of commerce and nonprofits. And he is credited with breathing new life
into the struggling Sugarloaf resort.

Since the lies came to light, Cook has stepped down as president of the Maine
Sea Coast Mission, a social-service agency based in Bar Harbor. The agency's
board of directors rejected his offer to resign his seat on the board, however.
Cook offered to resign as chairman at Common Good Ventures in Waterville, a
philanthropic organization, but the board refused to accept his resignation.

To the leaders of some veterans' organizations in Maine, Cook has lost his
credibility and, perhaps, his honor. They say it is impossible to know when an
admitted liar is telling the truth and that it is dangerous to downplay
fraudulent statements on resumes, because that is a serious problem across the
country.

"If he's going to lie about this, what else is he going to lie about?" Herman
Wright III of Wiscasset, commander of the American Legion in Maine, said of
Cook's claim that he won the Navy Cross, one of the nation's highest military
honors. Cook "is no longer part of us," he said.

Edward Hoyt of Benton, an officer in the Marine Corps League, said that "anybody
who wears something or claims something he did not receive is less than
patriotic and a dishonor to those who did get it."

"He's what we term a wannabe," said Roland Knapp of Rockland, commandant of the
Marine Corps League in Maine. "He's a strike against the veteran. He's putting
poison in the soup. He should never have done it and he should never be given
any leeway."

Coincidentally, Baldacci named Wright and Knapp as military aides de camp last
week, to help him on veterans' issues. Baldacci and Cook are friends, and
Baldacci has said little about the incident.

"Warren's resignation (from The Jackson Laboratory) is statement enough about
how Warren feels and how the governor feels," said Lee Umphrey, Baldacci's
spokesman.

Others who know Cook remain supportive. They say Cook has a strong work ethic,
common sense, sharp business skills and compassion that has led him to quietly
lend a helping hand to people who are down on their luck.

"We have seen Warren at work for the last five years and we're judging on what
he has done," said Dick Silven of Brooksville, a member of the board of Common
Good Ventures. "One of the neat things about this state is people don't care who
you were, they care who you are."

Cook made a mistake, but "in my mind, it's not a character flaw," said John
Witherspoon of Kingfield, a former banker who served on boards of directors with
Cook when Cook was at Sugarloaf. Cook's transgressions were newsworthy,
Witherspoon said, but the press has overplayed them.

"I have yet to meet the unflawed person," Silven said. "The question is, how
high do you set the bar," because human perfection "is not achievable."

"I don't think this is judgment day and I certainly am not a judge," said Larry
Warren of Carrabassett Valley, who preceded Cook as president of what was then
Sugarloaf Mountain Corp. "I'm sure that he's paid more than you and I can ever
understand," now that his deceptions have been exposed.

Still, some ask if that is enough. Surveys show that cheating is widespread
among American high school students these days, Kidder said. To make matters
worse, most say they never get caught and those who do are not always penalized.

"This is the case now before the public," Kidder said. "The public will have to
decide whether this (exposure and resignation) is enough or whether some clear
message will have to be sent to the next generation" about the importance of
telling the truth.


Staff Writer Paul Carrier can be contacted at 622-7511 or at:

pcarrier@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo by The Associated Press
Warren Cook resigned from The Jackson Laboratory over falsehoods on his resume.

                 Copyright 2003 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              137 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Rhode Island: H 7016 SUBSTITUTE B

LENGTH: 2585 words

DATELINE: Providence


Office of the Legislative, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
press release:

Introduced By: Representatives Martin, Gallison, and Mattiello

Date Introduced: January 04, 2012

Referred To: House Veterans` Affairs

It is enacted by the General Assembly as follows:

1-1


SECTION 1. Sections 3-8-6 and 3-8-6.1 of the General Laws in Chapter 3-8
entitled

1-2


"Regulation of Sales" are hereby amended to read as follows:

1-3


3-8-6. Unlawful drinking and misrepresentation by underage persons --

1-4


Identification cards for persons twenty-one and older. -- (a) It is unlawful
for:

1-5


(1) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
enter any

1-6


premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic beverages for the purpose of
purchasing or

1-7


having served or delivered to him or her alcoholic beverages; or

1-8


(2) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
consume any

1-9


alcoholic beverage on premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic
beverages or to purchase,

1-10


attempt to purchase, or have another purchase for him or her any alcoholic
beverage; or

1-11


(3) A person to misrepresent or misstate his or her age, or the age of any other
persons, or

1-12


to misrepresent his or her age through the presentation of any of the following
documents:

1-13


(i) An armed service identification card, valid passport, the identification
card license, or

1-14


any other documentation used for identification purposes that may belong to any
other person

1-15


who is twenty-one (21) years or older;

1-16


(ii) A motor vehicle operator's license which bears the date of birth of the
licensee, and

1-17


which is issued by this state or any other state;

1-18


(iii) A Rhode Island identification card as defined in subsection (b) for the
purpose of

1-19


inducing any licensee or any employee of any licensee, to sell, serve or deliver
any alcoholic

1-20


beverage to a minor.

2-1


(b) (1) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any
person who

2-2


has reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday a Rhode Island
identification card upon

2-3


payment of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25), and, upon presentation of a
certified birth or

2-4


baptismal certificate, or U.S. or foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization
certificate or a valid

2-5


immigrant or refugee document issued by the United States immigration and
naturalization

2-6


service, including, but not limited to, any one of the following: Form I-551,
Form I-94, Form I-

2-7


688A, and Form I-688, together with a document bearing the applicant's
signature.

2-8


(2) A person who has reached his or her fifty ninth (59th) birthday is not
required to pay

2-9


the fee.

2-10


(3) Each registration card shall be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon
payment

2-11


of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25).

2-12


(4) No person who holds an operator's license issued by this state or any other
state shall

2-13


be issued a Rhode Island identification card.

2-14


(5) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of the division
of motor

2-15


vehicles and by the applicant and his or her picture shall appear on the card
along with the

2-16


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

2-17


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

2-18


RHODE ISLAND IDENTIFICATION CARD

2-19


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

2-20


First Name Middle Name Last Name

2-21


................................................................................
............................

2-22


Address
................................................................................
.................

2-23


BIRTH RECORD

2-24


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

2-25


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

2-26


Photo of hair of eyes

2-27


by Pasting

2-28


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

2-29


Issued by

2-30


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

2-31


................................................................................
............................

2-32


................................................................................
............................

2-33


Administrator

3-34


(6) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institutions if they

3-35


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

3-36


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

3-37


solicitation of bids.

3-38


(7) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

3-39


section3-8-6.1 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

3-40


(8) Any person who has been designated as permanently and totally disabled by
the social

3-41


security administration or who upon certification by an optometrist,
ophthalmologist or physician

3-42


that a holder of a valid and current motor vehicle operator's license is no
longer able to operate a

3-43


motor vehicle, the administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue
to such person, upon

3-44


request, a Rhode Island identification card for the unexpired term of such
person's motor vehicle

3-45


operator's license at no additional cost. Thereafter, a renewal of such card
shall be subject to the

3-46


standard renewal charge of twenty-five dollars ($25) until such person shall
reach his or her fifty-

3-47


ninth (59th) birthday.

3-48


(9) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of a

3-49


United States Department of Defense (DD) FORM 214 and verification of an
honorable

3-50


discharge, issue an identification card to the presenter which is clearly marked
"veteran", at no

3-51


additional cost.

3-52


(c) (1) Every retail Class A, B, C, and D licensee shall cause to be kept a book
or

3-53


photographic reproduction equipment which provides the same information as
required by the

3-54


book. That licensee and/or the licensee's employee shall require any person who
has shown a

3-55


document as set forth in this section substantiating his or her age to sign that
book or to permit the

3-56


taking of his or her photograph and indicate what document was presented. Use of
the

3-57


photographic reproduction equipment is voluntary for every Class A, B, C and D
licensee.

3-58


(2) The sign-in as minor book and photographic reproduction equipment shall be

3-59


prescribed, published, and approved at the direction and control of the
division. The book shall

3-60


contain at least four hundred (400) pages, shall be uniform throughout the
state, and shall be

3-61


distributed at a cost not to exceed seven dollars ($7.00).

3-62


(3) If a person whose age is in question signs the sign-in as minor book or has
a

3-63


photograph taken before he or she is sold any alcoholic beverage and it is later
determined that

3-64


the person had not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday at the time
of sale, it is

3-65


considered prima facie evidence that the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or
servant acted in

3-66


good faith in selling any alcoholic beverage to the person producing the
document as set forth in

3-67


this section misrepresenting his or her age.

4-68


(4) Proof of good faith reliance on any misrepresentation is a defense to the
prosecution

4-69


of the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or servant for an alleged violation
of this section.

4-70


(d) (1) Any person who violates this section shall be punished for the first
offense by a

4-71


mandatory fine of not less than one hundred dollars ($100) nor more than five
hundred dollars

4-72


($500) and shall be further punished by thirty (30) hours of community service
and shall be

4-73


further punished by a suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license
or driving

4-74


privileges for a period of thirty (30) days; for the second offense by a
mandatory fine of not less

4-75


than five hundred dollars ($500) nor more than seven hundred fifty dollars
($750) and shall be

4-76


further punished by forty (40) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-77


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of three

4-78


(3) months; and for the third and subsequent offenses by a mandatory fine for
each offense of not

4-79


less than seven hundred fifty dollars ($750) nor more than one thousand dollars
($1,000) and shall

4-80


be further punished by fifty (50) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-81


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of one

4-82


year.

4-83


(2) Any suspension of an operator's license or driving privilege pursuant to
this section

4-84


shall not operate to affect the insurance rating of the offender and any
operator's license or

4-85


driving privilege suspended pursuant to this section shall be reinstated without
further expense

4-86


upon application.

4-87


(e) Within thirty (30) days after this incident the police chief of the city or
town where

4-88


the incident took place is directed to inform, in writing, the department of
business regulation

4-89


whether or not charges in accordance with this section have been preferred
against a person who

4-90


has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday and has violated this
section. If no charge is

4-91


brought against any person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st)
birthday and has

4-92


violated the provisions of this section, then the police chief of the city or
town where the incident

4-93


took place will state the reason for his or her failure to charge the person who
has not reached his

4-94


or her twenty-first (21st) birthday.

4-95


(f) The Rhode Island identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just
cause, at

4-96


the discretion of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The
administrator of the

4-97


division of motor vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card
shall contain an

4-98


identification number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was
issued.

4-99


3-8-6.1. Identification cards for persons under the age of 21. -- (a) (1) The

4-100


administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any person upon
request, who is

4-101


under twenty-one (21) years of age, an identification card upon payment of a fee
of twenty-five

4-102


dollars ($25.00), and, upon presentation of a certified birth or baptismal
certificate, or U.S. or

5-1


foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization certificate, or a valid immigrant or
refugee document

5-2


issued by the United States immigration and naturalization service including,
but not limited to,

5-3


any one of the following: Form I-551, Form I-94, Form I-688A, and Form I-688,
together with a

5-4


document bearing the applicant's signature. No person who holds an operator's
license, issued by

5-5


this state or any other state, shall be issued an identification card. (2) The
identification card shall

5-6


be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon the payment of a fee of
twenty-five dollars

5-7


($25.00). (3) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of
the division of motor

5-8


vehicles and also by the applicant, and his or her picture shall appear on the
card along with the

5-9


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

5-10


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

5-11


IDENTIFICATION CARD

5-12


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

5-13


First Name Middle Name Last Name

5-14


................................................................................
............................

5-15


Address
................................................................................
.................

5-16


BIRTH RECORD

5-17


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

5-18


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

5-19


Photo of hair of eyes

5-20


by Pasting

5-21


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

5-22


Issued by

5-23


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

5-24


................................................................................
............................

5-25


................................................................................
............................

5-26


Administrator

5-27


(4) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institution if they

5-28


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

5-29


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

5-30


solicitation of bids.

5-31


(5) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

5-32


section 3-8-6 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

5-33


(b) The identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just cause, at the
discretion

5-34


of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The administrator of the
division of motor

6-1


vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card shall contain an
identification

6-2


number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was issued.

6-3


(c) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of a

6-4


United States Department of Defense (DD) FORM 214 and verification of an
honorable

6-5


discharge, issue an identification card to the presenter which is clearly marked
"veteran", at no

6-6


additional cost.

6-7


SECTION 2. Chapter 31-10 of the General Laws entitled "Operators' and
Chauffeurs'

6-8


Licenses" is hereby amended by adding thereto the following section:

6-9


31-10-48. Veteran designation on operator license. - The administrator of the
division

6-10


of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation of a United States Department of
Defense (DD) FORM

6-11


214 and verification of an honorable discharge, issue a motor vehicle operator's
license or

6-12


commercial driver's license to the presenter which is clearly marked "veteran".

6-13


SECTION 3. Section 31-10-31 of the General Laws in Chapter 31-10 entitled
"Operators'

6-14


and Chauffeurs' Licenses" is hereby amended to read as follows:

6-15


31-10-31. Fees. -- The following fees shall be paid to the division of motor
vehicles:

6-16


(1) For every operator's first license to operate a motor vehicle, twenty-five
dollars

6-17


($25.00);

6-18


(2) For every chauffeur's first license, twenty-five dollars ($25.00); provided,
that when

6-19


a Rhode Island licensed operator transfers to a chauffeur's license, the fee for
the transfer shall be

6-20


two dollars ($2.00);

6-21


(3) For every learner's permit to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-22


(4) For every operator's first license to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five
dollars

6-23


($25.00);

6-24


(5) For every renewal of an operator's or chauffeur's license, thirty dollars
($30.00); with

6-25


the exception of any person seventy-five (75) years of age or older for whom the
renewal fee will

6-26


be eight dollars ($8.00);

6-27


(6) For every duplicate operator's or chauffeur's license, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-28


(7) For every certified copy of any license, permit, or application issued under
this

6-29


chapter, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-30


(8) For every duplicate instruction permit, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-31


(9) For every first license examination, five dollars ($5.00);

6-32


(10) For every routine information update, i.e., name change or address change,
five

6-33


dollars ($5.00).;

7-34


(11) For surrender of an out-of-state license, in addition to the above fees,
five dollars

7-35


($5.00).

7-36


SECTION 4. This act shall take effect upon passage.

For further information please visit: http://webserver.rilin.state.ri.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Rhode Island: H 7016 SUBSTITUTE B AS AMENDED

LENGTH: 2613 words

DATELINE: Providence


Office of the Legislative, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
press release:

Introduced By: Representatives Martin, Gallison, and Mattiello

Date Introduced: January 04, 2012

Referred To: House Veterans` Affairs

It is enacted by the General Assembly as follows:

1-1


SECTION 1. Sections 3-8-6 and 3-8-6.1 of the General Laws in Chapter 3-8
entitled

1-2


"Regulation of Sales" are hereby amended to read as follows:

1-3


3-8-6. Unlawful drinking and misrepresentation by underage persons --

1-4


Identification cards for persons twenty-one and older. -- (a) It is unlawful
for:

1-5


(1) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
enter any

1-6


premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic beverages for the purpose of
purchasing or

1-7


having served or delivered to him or her alcoholic beverages; or

1-8


(2) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
consume any

1-9


alcoholic beverage on premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic
beverages or to purchase,

1-10


attempt to purchase, or have another purchase for him or her any alcoholic
beverage; or

1-11


(3) A person to misrepresent or misstate his or her age, or the age of any other
persons, or

1-12


to misrepresent his or her age through the presentation of any of the following
documents:

1-13


(i) An armed service identification card, valid passport, the identification
card license, or

1-14


any other documentation used for identification purposes that may belong to any
other person

1-15


who is twenty-one (21) years or older;

1-16


(ii) A motor vehicle operator's license which bears the date of birth of the
licensee, and

1-17


which is issued by this state or any other state;

1-18


(iii) A Rhode Island identification card as defined in subsection (b) for the
purpose of

1-19


inducing any licensee or any employee of any licensee, to sell, serve or deliver
any alcoholic

1-20


beverage to a minor.

2-1


(b) (1) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any
person who

2-2


has reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday a Rhode Island
identification card upon

2-3


payment of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25), and, upon presentation of a
certified birth or

2-4


baptismal certificate, or U.S. or foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization
certificate or a valid

2-5


immigrant or refugee document issued by the United States immigration and
naturalization

2-6


service, including, but not limited to, any one of the following: Form I-551,
Form I-94, Form I-

2-7


688A, and Form I-688, together with a document bearing the applicant's
signature.

2-8


(2) A person who has reached his or her fifty ninth (59th) birthday is not
required to pay

2-9


the fee.

2-10


(3) Each registration card shall be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon
payment

2-11


of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25).

2-12


(4) No person who holds an operator's license issued by this state or any other
state shall

2-13


be issued a Rhode Island identification card.

2-14


(5) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of the division
of motor

2-15


vehicles and by the applicant and his or her picture shall appear on the card
along with the

2-16


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

2-17


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

2-18


RHODE ISLAND IDENTIFICATION CARD

2-19


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

2-20


First Name Middle Name Last Name

2-21


................................................................................
............................

2-22


Address
................................................................................
.................

2-23


BIRTH RECORD

2-24


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

2-25


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

2-26


Photo of hair of eyes

2-27


by Pasting

2-28


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

2-29


Issued by

2-30


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

2-31


................................................................................
............................

2-32


................................................................................
............................

2-33


Administrator

3-34


(6) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institutions if they

3-35


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

3-36


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

3-37


solicitation of bids.

3-38


(7) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

3-39


section3-8-6.1 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

3-40


(8) Any person who has been designated as permanently and totally disabled by
the social

3-41


security administration or who upon certification by an optometrist,
ophthalmologist or physician

3-42


that a holder of a valid and current motor vehicle operator's license is no
longer able to operate a

3-43


motor vehicle, the administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue
to such person, upon

3-44


request, a Rhode Island identification card for the unexpired term of such
person's motor vehicle

3-45


operator's license at no additional cost. Thereafter, a renewal of such card
shall be subject to the

3-46


standard renewal charge of twenty-five dollars ($25) until such person shall
reach his or her fifty-

3-47


ninth (59th) birthday.

3-48


(9) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of a

3-49


United States Department of Defense (DD) FORM 214 or other acceptable
documentation of

3-50


military service and verification of an honorable discharge, issue an
identification card to the

3-51


presenter which is clearly marked "veteran", at no additional cost.

3-52


(c) (1) Every retail Class A, B, C, and D licensee shall cause to be kept a book
or

3-53


photographic reproduction equipment which provides the same information as
required by the

3-54


book. That licensee and/or the licensee's employee shall require any person who
has shown a

3-55


document as set forth in this section substantiating his or her age to sign that
book or to permit the

3-56


taking of his or her photograph and indicate what document was presented. Use of
the

3-57


photographic reproduction equipment is voluntary for every Class A, B, C and D
licensee.

3-58


(2) The sign-in as minor book and photographic reproduction equipment shall be

3-59


prescribed, published, and approved at the direction and control of the
division. The book shall

3-60


contain at least four hundred (400) pages, shall be uniform throughout the
state, and shall be

3-61


distributed at a cost not to exceed seven dollars ($7.00).

3-62


(3) If a person whose age is in question signs the sign-in as minor book or has
a

3-63


photograph taken before he or she is sold any alcoholic beverage and it is later
determined that

3-64


the person had not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday at the time
of sale, it is

3-65


considered prima facie evidence that the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or
servant acted in

3-66


good faith in selling any alcoholic beverage to the person producing the
document as set forth in

3-67


this section misrepresenting his or her age.

4-68


(4) Proof of good faith reliance on any misrepresentation is a defense to the
prosecution

4-69


of the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or servant for an alleged violation
of this section.

4-70


(d) (1) Any person who violates this section shall be punished for the first
offense by a

4-71


mandatory fine of not less than one hundred dollars ($100) nor more than five
hundred dollars

4-72


($500) and shall be further punished by thirty (30) hours of community service
and shall be

4-73


further punished by a suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license
or driving

4-74


privileges for a period of thirty (30) days; for the second offense by a
mandatory fine of not less

4-75


than five hundred dollars ($500) nor more than seven hundred fifty dollars
($750) and shall be

4-76


further punished by forty (40) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-77


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of three

4-78


(3) months; and for the third and subsequent offenses by a mandatory fine for
each offense of not

4-79


less than seven hundred fifty dollars ($750) nor more than one thousand dollars
($1,000) and shall

4-80


be further punished by fifty (50) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-81


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of one

4-82


year.

4-83


(2) Any suspension of an operator's license or driving privilege pursuant to
this section

4-84


shall not operate to affect the insurance rating of the offender and any
operator's license or

4-85


driving privilege suspended pursuant to this section shall be reinstated without
further expense

4-86


upon application.

4-87


(e) Within thirty (30) days after this incident the police chief of the city or
town where

4-88


the incident took place is directed to inform, in writing, the department of
business regulation

4-89


whether or not charges in accordance with this section have been preferred
against a person who

4-90


has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday and has violated this
section. If no charge is

4-91


brought against any person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st)
birthday and has

4-92


violated the provisions of this section, then the police chief of the city or
town where the incident

4-93


took place will state the reason for his or her failure to charge the person who
has not reached his

4-94


or her twenty-first (21st) birthday.

4-95


(f) The Rhode Island identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just
cause, at

4-96


the discretion of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The
administrator of the

4-97


division of motor vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card
shall contain an

4-98


identification number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was
issued.

4-99


3-8-6.1. Identification cards for persons under the age of 21. -- (a) (1) The

4-100


administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any person upon
request, who is

4-101


under twenty-one (21) years of age, an identification card upon payment of a fee
of twenty-five

4-102


dollars ($25.00), and, upon presentation of a certified birth or baptismal
certificate, or U.S. or

5-1


foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization certificate, or a valid immigrant or
refugee document

5-2


issued by the United States immigration and naturalization service including,
but not limited to,

5-3


any one of the following: Form I-551, Form I-94, Form I-688A, and Form I-688,
together with a

5-4


document bearing the applicant's signature. No person who holds an operator's
license, issued by

5-5


this state or any other state, shall be issued an identification card. (2) The
identification card shall

5-6


be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon the payment of a fee of
twenty-five dollars

5-7


($25.00). (3) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of
the division of motor

5-8


vehicles and also by the applicant, and his or her picture shall appear on the
card along with the

5-9


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

5-10


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

5-11


IDENTIFICATION CARD

5-12


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

5-13


First Name Middle Name Last Name

5-14


................................................................................
............................

5-15


Address
................................................................................
.................

5-16


BIRTH RECORD

5-17


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

5-18


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

5-19


Photo of hair of eyes

5-20


by Pasting

5-21


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

5-22


Issued by

5-23


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

5-24


................................................................................
............................

5-25


................................................................................
............................

5-26


Administrator

5-27


(4) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institution if they

5-28


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

5-29


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

5-30


solicitation of bids.

5-31


(5) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

5-32


section 3-8-6 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

5-33


(b) The identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just cause, at the
discretion

5-34


of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The administrator of the
division of motor

6-1


vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card shall contain an
identification

6-2


number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was issued.

6-3


(c) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of a

6-4


United States Department of Defense (DD) FORM 214 or other acceptable
documentation of

6-5


military service and verification of an honorable discharge, issue an
identification card to the

6-6


presenter which is clearly marked "veteran", at no additional cost.

6-7


SECTION 2. Chapter 31-10 of the General Laws entitled "Operators' and
Chauffeurs'

6-8


Licenses" is hereby amended by adding thereto the following section:

6-9


31-10-48. Veteran designation on operator license. - The administrator of the
division

6-10


of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation of a United States Department of
Defense (DD) FORM

6-11


214 or other acceptable documentation of military service and verification of an
honorable

6-12


discharge, issue a motor vehicle operator's license or commercial driver's
license to the presenter

6-13


which is clearly marked "veteran".

6-14


SECTION 3. Section 31-10-31 of the General Laws in Chapter 31-10 entitled
"Operators'

6-15


and Chauffeurs' Licenses" is hereby amended to read as follows:

6-16


31-10-31. Fees. -- The following fees shall be paid to the division of motor
vehicles:

6-17


(1) For every operator's first license to operate a motor vehicle, twenty-five
dollars

6-18


($25.00);

6-19


(2) For every chauffeur's first license, twenty-five dollars ($25.00); provided,
that when

6-20


a Rhode Island licensed operator transfers to a chauffeur's license, the fee for
the transfer shall be

6-21


two dollars ($2.00);

6-22


(3) For every learner's permit to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-23


(4) For every operator's first license to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five
dollars

6-24


($25.00);

6-25


(5) For every renewal of an operator's or chauffeur's license, thirty dollars
($30.00); with

6-26


the exception of any person seventy-five (75) years of age or older for whom the
renewal fee will

6-27


be eight dollars ($8.00);

6-28


(6) For every duplicate operator's or chauffeur's license, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-29


(7) For every certified copy of any license, permit, or application issued under
this

6-30


chapter, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-31


(8) For every duplicate instruction permit, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-32


(9) For every first license examination, five dollars ($5.00);

6-33


(10) For every routine information update, i.e., name change or address change,
five

6-34


dollars ($5.00).;

7-1


(11) For surrender of an out-of-state license, in addition to the above fees,
five dollars

7-2


($5.00).

7-3


SECTION 4. This act shall take effect September 1, 2012.

For further information please visit: http://webserver.rilin.state.ri.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Rhode Island: H 7016

LENGTH: 2568 words

DATELINE: Providence


Office of the Legislative, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
press release:

Introduced By: Representatives Martin, Gallison, and Mattiello

Date Introduced: January 04, 2012

Referred To: House Veterans` Affairs

It is enacted by the General Assembly as follows:

1-1


SECTION 1. Sections 3-8-6 and 3-8-6.1 of the General Laws in Chapter 3-8
entitled

1-2


"Regulation of Sales" are hereby amended to read as follows:

1-3


3-8-6. Unlawful drinking and misrepresentation by underage persons --

1-4


Identification cards for persons twenty-one and older. -- (a) It is unlawful
for:

1-5


(1) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
enter any

1-6


premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic beverages for the purpose of
purchasing or

1-7


having served or delivered to him or her alcoholic beverages; or

1-8


(2) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
consume any

1-9


alcoholic beverage on premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic
beverages or to purchase,

1-10


attempt to purchase, or have another purchase for him or her any alcoholic
beverage; or

1-11


(3) A person to misrepresent or misstate his or her age, or the age of any other
persons, or

1-12


to misrepresent his or her age through the presentation of any of the following
documents:

1-13


(i) An armed service identification card, valid passport, the identification
card license, or

1-14


any other documentation used for identification purposes that may belong to any
other person

1-15


who is twenty-one (21) years or older;

1-16


(ii) A motor vehicle operator's license which bears the date of birth of the
licensee, and

1-17


which is issued by this state or any other state;

1-18


(iii) A Rhode Island identification card as defined in subsection (b) for the
purpose of

1-19


inducing any licensee or any employee of any licensee, to sell, serve or deliver
any alcoholic

1-20


beverage to a minor.

2-1


(b) (1) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any
person who

2-2


has reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday a Rhode Island
identification card upon

2-3


payment of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25), and, upon presentation of a
certified birth or

2-4


baptismal certificate, or U.S. or foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization
certificate or a valid

2-5


immigrant or refugee document issued by the United States immigration and
naturalization

2-6


service, including, but not limited to, any one of the following: Form I-551,
Form I-94, Form I-

2-7


688A, and Form I-688, together with a document bearing the applicant's
signature.

2-8


(2) A person who has reached his or her fifty ninth (59th) birthday is not
required to pay

2-9


the fee.

2-10


(3) Each registration card shall be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon
payment

2-11


of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25).

2-12


(4) No person who holds an operator's license issued by this state or any other
state shall

2-13


be issued a Rhode Island identification card.

2-14


(5) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of the division
of motor

2-15


vehicles and by the applicant and his or her picture shall appear on the card
along with the

2-16


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

2-17


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

2-18


RHODE ISLAND IDENTIFICATION CARD

2-19


Date Issued ............ No. . . . . . .

2-20


First Name Middle Name  Last Name
.............................................................................

2-21


Address
.............................................................................

2-22


BIRTH RECORD

2-23


Month ............ Day . . . . . . . . . . Year . . . . . . . . .

2-24


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

2-25


Photo of hair of eyes

2-26


by Pasting

2-27


here . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2-28


Issued by

2-29


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles ............ ............
............

2-30


Administrator

2-31


(6) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institutions if they

2-32


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

2-33


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

2-34


solicitation of bids.

3-1


(7) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

3-2


section3-8-6.1 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

3-3


(8) Any person who has been designated as permanently and totally disabled by
the social

3-4


security administration or who upon certification by an optometrist,
ophthalmologist or physician

3-5


that a holder of a valid and current motor vehicle operator's license is no
longer able to operate a

3-6


motor vehicle, the administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue
to such person, upon

3-7


request, a Rhode Island identification card for the unexpired term of such
person's motor vehicle

3-8


operator's license at no additional cost. Thereafter, a renewal of such card
shall be subject to the

3-9


standard renewal charge of twenty-five dollars ($25) until such person shall
reach his or her fifty-

3-10


ninth (59th) birthday.

3-11


(c) (1) Every retail Class A, B, C, and D licensee shall cause to be kept a book
or

3-12


photographic reproduction equipment which provides the same information as
required by the

3-13


book. That licensee and/or the licensee's employee shall require any person who
has shown a

3-14


document as set forth in this section substantiating his or her age to sign that
book or to permit the

3-15


taking of his or her photograph and indicate what document was presented. Use of
the

3-16


photographic reproduction equipment is voluntary for every Class A, B, C and D
licensee.

3-17


(2) The sign-in as minor book and photographic reproduction equipment shall be

3-18


prescribed, published, and approved at the direction and control of the
division. The book shall

3-19


contain at least four hundred (400) pages, shall be uniform throughout the
state, and shall be

3-20


distributed at a cost not to exceed seven dollars ($7.00).

3-21


(3) If a person whose age is in question signs the sign-in as minor book or has
a

3-22


photograph taken before he or she is sold any alcoholic beverage and it is later
determined that

3-23


the person had not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday at the time
of sale, it is

3-24


considered prima facie evidence that the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or
servant acted in

3-25


good faith in selling any alcoholic beverage to the person producing the
document as set forth in

3-26


this section misrepresenting his or her age.

3-27


(4) Proof of good faith reliance on any misrepresentation is a defense to the
prosecution

3-28


of the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or servant for an alleged violation
of this section.

3-29


(d) (1) Any person who violates this section shall be punished for the first
offense by a

3-30


mandatory fine of not less than one hundred dollars ($100) nor more than five
hundred dollars

3-31


($500) and shall be further punished by thirty (30) hours of community service
and shall be

3-32


further punished by a suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license
or driving

3-33


privileges for a period of thirty (30) days; for the second offense by a
mandatory fine of not less

3-34


than five hundred dollars ($500) nor more than seven hundred fifty dollars
($750) and shall be

4-1


further punished by forty (40) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-2


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of three

4-3


(3) months; and for the third and subsequent offenses by a mandatory fine for
each offense of not

4-4


less than seven hundred fifty dollars ($750) nor more than one thousand dollars
($1,000) and shall

4-5


be further punished by fifty (50) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-6


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of one

4-7


year.

4-8


(2) Any suspension of an operator's license or driving privilege pursuant to
this section

4-9


shall not operate to affect the insurance rating of the offender and any
operator's license or

4-10


driving privilege suspended pursuant to this section shall be reinstated without
further expense

4-11


upon application.

4-12


(e) Within thirty (30) days after this incident the police chief of the city or
town where

4-13


the incident took place is directed to inform, in writing, the department of
business regulation

4-14


whether or not charges in accordance with this section have been preferred
against a person who

4-15


has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday and has violated this
section. If no charge is

4-16


brought against any person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st)
birthday and has

4-17


violated the provisions of this section, then the police chief of the city or
town where the incident

4-18


took place will state the reason for his or her failure to charge the person who
has not reached his

4-19


or her twenty-first (21st) birthday.

4-20


(f) The Rhode Island identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just
cause, at

4-21


the discretion of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The
administrator of the

4-22


division of motor vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card
shall contain an

4-23


identification number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was
issued.

4-24


3-8-6.1. Identification cards for persons under the age of 21. -- (a) (1) The

4-25


administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any person upon
request, who is

4-26


under twenty-one (21) years of age, an identification card upon payment of a fee
of twenty-five

4-27


dollars ($25.00), and, upon presentation of a certified birth or baptismal
certificate, or U.S. or

4-28


foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization certificate, or a valid immigrant or
refugee document

4-29


issued by the United States immigration and naturalization service including,
but not limited to,

4-30


any one of the following: Form I-551, Form I-94, Form I-688A, and Form I-688,
together with a

4-31


document bearing the applicant's signature. No person who holds an operator's
license, issued by

4-32


this state or any other state, shall be issued an identification card. (2) The
identification card shall

4-33


be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon the payment of a fee of
twenty-five dollars

4-34


($25.00). (3) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of
the division of motor

5-1


vehicles and also by the applicant, and his or her picture shall appear on the
card along with the

5-2


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

5-3


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

5-4


IDENTIFICATION CARD

5-5


Date Issued ............ No. . . . . . .

5-6


First Name Middle Name Last Name
.............................................................................

5-7


Address
.............................................................................

5-8


BIRTH RECORD Month ............ Day . . . . . . . . . Year . . . . . . . . .

5-9


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

5-10


Photo of hair of eyes

5-11


by Pasting

5-12


here . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5-13


Issued by Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles ............
............ ............

5-14


Administrator

5-15


(4) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institution if they

5-16


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

5-17


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

5-18


solicitation of bids.

5-19


(5) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

5-20


section 3-8-6 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

5-21


(b) The identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just cause, at the
discretion

5-22


of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The administrator of the
division of motor

5-23


vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card shall contain an
identification

5-24


number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was issued.

5-25


(c) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of

5-26


acceptable documentation of military service, issue an identification card to
the presenter which is

5-27


clearly marked "veteran", at no additional cost.

5-28


SECTION 2. Chapter 31-10 of the General Laws entitled "Operators' and
Chauffeurs'

5-29


Licenses" is hereby amended by adding thereto the following section:

5-30


31-10-48. Veteran designation on operator license. - The administrator of the
division

5-31


of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation of acceptable documentation of
military service, issue

5-32


a motor vehicle operator license to the presenter which is clearly marked
"veteran".

5-33


SECTION 3. Section 31-10-31 of the General Laws in Chapter 31-10 entitled
"Operators'

5-34


and Chauffeurs' Licenses" is hereby amended to read as follows:

6-1


31-10-31. Fees. -- The following fees shall be paid to the division of motor
vehicles:

6-2


(1) For every operator's first license to operate a motor vehicle, twenty-five
dollars

6-3


($25.00);

6-4


(2) For every chauffeur's first license, twenty-five dollars ($25.00); provided,
that when

6-5


a Rhode Island licensed operator transfers to a chauffeur's license, the fee for
the transfer shall be

6-6


two dollars ($2.00);

6-7


(3) For every learner's permit to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-8


(4) For every operator's first license to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five
dollars

6-9


($25.00);

6-10


(5) For every renewal of an operator's or chauffeur's license, thirty dollars
($30.00); with

6-11


the exception of any person seventy-five (75) years of age or older for whom the
renewal fee will

6-12


be eight dollars ($8.00);

6-13


(6) For every duplicate operator's or chauffeur's license, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-14


(7) For every certified copy of any license, permit, or application issued under
this

6-15


chapter, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-16


(8) For every duplicate instruction permit, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-17


(9) For every first license examination, five dollars ($5.00);

6-18


(10) For every routine information update, i.e., name change or address change,
five

6-19


dollars ($5.00).;

6-20


(11) For surrender of an out-of-state license, in addition to the above fees,
five dollars

6-21


($5.00).;

6-22


(12) For every addition of veteran's designation to an operator license, six
dollars and

6-23


fifty cents ($6.50). There shall be no incremental fee for this designation at
the scheduled time of

6-24


renewal.

6-25


SECTION 4. This act shall take effect upon passage.

For further information please visit: http://webserver.rilin.state.ri.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Rhode Island: H 7016 SUBSTITUTE A

LENGTH: 2583 words

DATELINE: Providence


Office of the Legislative, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
press release:

Introduced By: Representatives Martin, Gallison, and Mattiello

Date Introduced: January 04, 2012

Referred To: House VETERANS` AFFAIRS

It is enacted by the General Assembly as follows:

1-1


SECTION 1. Sections 3-8-6 and 3-8-6.1 of the General Laws in Chapter 3-8
entitled

1-2


"Regulation of Sales" are hereby amended to read as follows:

1-3


3-8-6. Unlawful drinking and misrepresentation by underage persons --

1-4


Identification cards for persons twenty-one and older. -- (a) It is unlawful
for:

1-5


(1) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
enter any

1-6


premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic beverages for the purpose of
purchasing or

1-7


having served or delivered to him or her alcoholic beverages; or

1-8


(2) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
consume any

1-9


alcoholic beverage on premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic
beverages or to purchase,

1-10


attempt to purchase, or have another purchase for him or her any alcoholic
beverage; or

1-11


(3) A person to misrepresent or misstate his or her age, or the age of any other
persons, or

1-12


to misrepresent his or her age through the presentation of any of the following
documents:

1-13


(i) An armed service identification card, valid passport, the identification
card license, or

1-14


any other documentation used for identification purposes that may belong to any
other person

1-15


who is twenty-one (21) years or older;

1-16


(ii) A motor vehicle operator's license which bears the date of birth of the
licensee, and

1-17


which is issued by this state or any other state;

1-18


(iii) A Rhode Island identification card as defined in subsection (b) for the
purpose of

1-19


inducing any licensee or any employee of any licensee, to sell, serve or deliver
any alcoholic

1-20


beverage to a minor.

2-1


(b) (1) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any
person who

2-2


has reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday a Rhode Island
identification card upon

2-3


payment of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25), and, upon presentation of a
certified birth or

2-4


baptismal certificate, or U.S. or foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization
certificate or a valid

2-5


immigrant or refugee document issued by the United States immigration and
naturalization

2-6


service, including, but not limited to, any one of the following: Form I-551,
Form I-94, Form I-

2-7


688A, and Form I-688, together with a document bearing the applicant's
signature.

2-8


(2) A person who has reached his or her fifty ninth (59th) birthday is not
required to pay

2-9


the fee.

2-10


(3) Each registration card shall be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon
payment

2-11


of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25).

2-12


(4) No person who holds an operator's license issued by this state or any other
state shall

2-13


be issued a Rhode Island identification card.

2-14


(5) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of the division
of motor

2-15


vehicles and by the applicant and his or her picture shall appear on the card
along with the

2-16


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

2-17


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

2-18


RHODE ISLAND IDENTIFICATION CARD

2-19


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

2-20


First Name Middle Name Last Name

2-21


................................................................................
............................

2-22


Address
................................................................................
.................

2-23


BIRTH RECORD

2-24


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

2-25


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

2-26


Photo of hair of eyes

2-27


by Pasting

2-28


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

2-29


Issued by

2-30


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

2-31


................................................................................
............................

2-32


................................................................................
............................

2-33


Administrator

3-34


(6) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institutions if they

3-35


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

3-36


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

3-37


solicitation of bids.

3-38


(7) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

3-39


section3-8-6.1 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

3-40


(8) Any person who has been designated as permanently and totally disabled by
the social

3-41


security administration or who upon certification by an optometrist,
ophthalmologist or physician

3-42


that a holder of a valid and current motor vehicle operator's license is no
longer able to operate a

3-43


motor vehicle, the administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue
to such person, upon

3-44


request, a Rhode Island identification card for the unexpired term of such
person's motor vehicle

3-45


operator's license at no additional cost. Thereafter, a renewal of such card
shall be subject to the

3-46


standard renewal charge of twenty-five dollars ($25) until such person shall
reach his or her fifty-

3-47


ninth (59th) birthday.

3-48


(9) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of

3-49


acceptable documentation of military service, issue an identification card to
the presenter which is

3-50


clearly marked "veteran", at no additional cost.

3-51


(c) (1) Every retail Class A, B, C, and D licensee shall cause to be kept a book
or

3-52


photographic reproduction equipment which provides the same information as
required by the

3-53


book. That licensee and/or the licensee's employee shall require any person who
has shown a

3-54


document as set forth in this section substantiating his or her age to sign that
book or to permit the

3-55


taking of his or her photograph and indicate what document was presented. Use of
the

3-56


photographic reproduction equipment is voluntary for every Class A, B, C and D
licensee.

3-57


(2) The sign-in as minor book and photographic reproduction equipment shall be

3-58


prescribed, published, and approved at the direction and control of the
division. The book shall

3-59


contain at least four hundred (400) pages, shall be uniform throughout the
state, and shall be

3-60


distributed at a cost not to exceed seven dollars ($7.00).

3-61


(3) If a person whose age is in question signs the sign-in as minor book or has
a

3-62


photograph taken before he or she is sold any alcoholic beverage and it is later
determined that

3-63


the person had not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday at the time
of sale, it is

3-64


considered prima facie evidence that the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or
servant acted in

3-65


good faith in selling any alcoholic beverage to the person producing the
document as set forth in

3-66


this section misrepresenting his or her age.

3-67


(4) Proof of good faith reliance on any misrepresentation is a defense to the
prosecution

3-68


of the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or servant for an alleged violation
of this section.

4-1


(d) (1) Any person who violates this section shall be punished for the first
offense by a

4-2


mandatory fine of not less than one hundred dollars ($100) nor more than five
hundred dollars

4-3


($500) and shall be further punished by thirty (30) hours of community service
and shall be

4-4


further punished by a suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license
or driving

4-5


privileges for a period of thirty (30) days; for the second offense by a
mandatory fine of not less

4-6


than five hundred dollars ($500) nor more than seven hundred fifty dollars
($750) and shall be

4-7


further punished by forty (40) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-8


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of three

4-9


(3) months; and for the third and subsequent offenses by a mandatory fine for
each offense of not

4-10


less than seven hundred fifty dollars ($750) nor more than one thousand dollars
($1,000) and shall

4-11


be further punished by fifty (50) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-12


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of one

4-13


year.

4-14


(2) Any suspension of an operator's license or driving privilege pursuant to
this section

4-15


shall not operate to affect the insurance rating of the offender and any
operator's license or

4-16


driving privilege suspended pursuant to this section shall be reinstated without
further expense

4-17


upon application.

4-18


(e) Within thirty (30) days after this incident the police chief of the city or
town where

4-19


the incident took place is directed to inform, in writing, the department of
business regulation

4-20


whether or not charges in accordance with this section have been preferred
against a person who

4-21


has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday and has violated this
section. If no charge is

4-22


brought against any person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st)
birthday and has

4-23


violated the provisions of this section, then the police chief of the city or
town where the incident

4-24


took place will state the reason for his or her failure to charge the person who
has not reached his

4-25


or her twenty-first (21st) birthday.

4-26


(f) The Rhode Island identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just
cause, at

4-27


the discretion of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The
administrator of the

4-28


division of motor vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card
shall contain an

4-29


identification number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was
issued.

4-30


3-8-6.1. Identification cards for persons under the age of 21. -- (a) (1) The

4-31


administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any person upon
request, who is

4-32


under twenty-one (21) years of age, an identification card upon payment of a fee
of twenty-five

4-33


dollars ($25.00), and, upon presentation of a certified birth or baptismal
certificate, or U.S. or

4-34


foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization certificate, or a valid immigrant or
refugee document

5-1


issued by the United States immigration and naturalization service including,
but not limited to,

5-2


any one of the following: Form I-551, Form I-94, Form I-688A, and Form I-688,
together with a

5-3


document bearing the applicant's signature. No person who holds an operator's
license, issued by

5-4


this state or any other state, shall be issued an identification card. (2) The
identification card shall

5-5


be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon the payment of a fee of
twenty-five dollars

5-6


($25.00). (3) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of
the division of motor

5-7


vehicles and also by the applicant, and his or her picture shall appear on the
card along with the

5-8


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

5-9


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

5-10


IDENTIFICATION CARD

5-11


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

5-12


First Name Middle Name Last Name

5-13


................................................................................
............................

5-14


Address
................................................................................
.................

5-15


BIRTH RECORD

5-16


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

5-17


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

5-18


Photo of hair of eyes

5-19


by Pasting

5-20


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

5-21


Issued by

5-22


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

5-23


................................................................................
............................

5-24


................................................................................
............................

5-25


Administrator

5-26


(4) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institution if they

5-27


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

5-28


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

5-29


solicitation of bids.

5-30


(5) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

5-31


section 3-8-6 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

5-32


(b) The identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just cause, at the
discretion

5-33


of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The administrator of the
division of motor

5-34


vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card shall contain an
identification

6-1


number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was issued.

6-2


(c) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of

6-3


acceptable documentation of military service, issue an identification card to
the presenter which is

6-4


clearly marked "veteran", at no additional cost.

6-5


SECTION 2. Chapter 31-10 of the General Laws entitled "Operators' and
Chauffeurs'

6-6


Licenses" is hereby amended by adding thereto the following section:

6-7


31-10-48. Veteran designation on operator license. - The administrator of the
division

6-8


of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation of acceptable documentation of
military service, issue

6-9


a motor vehicle operator license to the presenter which is clearly marked
"veteran".

6-10


SECTION 3. Section 31-10-31 of the General Laws in Chapter 31-10 entitled
"Operators'

6-11


and Chauffeurs' Licenses" is hereby amended to read as follows:

6-12


31-10-31. Fees. -- The following fees shall be paid to the division of motor
vehicles:

6-13


(1) For every operator's first license to operate a motor vehicle, twenty-five
dollars

6-14


($25.00);

6-15


(2) For every chauffeur's first license, twenty-five dollars ($25.00); provided,
that when

6-16


a Rhode Island licensed operator transfers to a chauffeur's license, the fee for
the transfer shall be

6-17


two dollars ($2.00);

6-18


(3) For every learner's permit to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-19


(4) For every operator's first license to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five
dollars

6-20


($25.00);

6-21


(5) For every renewal of an operator's or chauffeur's license, thirty dollars
($30.00); with

6-22


the exception of any person seventy-five (75) years of age or older for whom the
renewal fee will

6-23


be eight dollars ($8.00);

6-24


(6) For every duplicate operator's or chauffeur's license, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-25


(7) For every certified copy of any license, permit, or application issued under
this

6-26


chapter, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-27


(8) For every duplicate instruction permit, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-28


(9) For every first license examination, five dollars ($5.00);

6-29


(10) For every routine information update, i.e., name change or address change,
five

6-30


dollars ($5.00).;

6-31


(11) For surrender of an out-of-state license, in addition to the above fees,
five dollars

6-32


($5.00).;

6-33


(12) For every addition of veteran's designation to an operator license, five
dollars

6-34


($5.00). There shall be no incremental fee for this designation at the scheduled
time of renewal.

7-1


SECTION 4. This act shall take effect upon passage.

For further information please visit: http://webserver.rilin.state.ri.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 7, 1981, Saturday, Final Edition

FTC Probes Misleading Prize Offers

SECTION: Real Estate; E8

LENGTH: 256 words


The Federal Trade Commission is launching a drive against promoters who offer
strings-attached "vacations" as prizes to lure unsuspecting consumers into
spending money.

The agency says its Atlanta office has been conducting an industry-wide
investigation of the practice, and has issued an informal warning to one
unidentified firm, described as one of the biggest in the business. Similar
notices will be sent to other companies, the FTC said.

The promoters involved usually send postcard to "winners" who are urged to call
to accept their "prize" -- typically a Las Vegas or Florida vacation, the agency
said.  The winners are then told they have to pay a fee, which can range up to
$50.

If the vacations materialize, the FTC said, the winners sometimes find
themselves subject to a high pressure land sales pitch.

The FTC said it is notifying such operators that it is illegal to offer "free"
vacations if the offer is loaded with previously undisclosed conditions and
limitations.

The industry will also be told it is a violation of the law to use a fictitious
promotion to get leads for prospective buyers; to say that prospective customers
have already been "specially selected" or that they have only a short time to
accept, if that is not the case; or to misrepresent that something is being
given.

In addition promoters may not claim that refunds are available unless they are,
misrepresent the availability of prizes or fail to disclose that an offer is
being made in connection with a promotion.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              142 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                   July 5, 2004 / July 12, 2004 July 12, 2004

Insurers 'Desperate' On Credit Study?

BYLINE: By Daniel Hays

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 844 words


Texas-based consumer group has denounced what it said were -desperate tactics"
by the insurance industry to stop a multi-state study of the carriers' use of
credit background to rate customers.

The Center for Economic Justice in Austin, Texas, made its comments in reaction
to a letter sent by an attorney for insurers who told regulators their requests
for data to perform the study were illegal.

Eight states led by Missouri have undertaken the study to determine the impact
of credit scoring and its underwriting basis.

-We know that insurers' use of credit scoring will come to an end when we see
the insurance industry resort to such desperate tactics to defend their use of
credit scoring," Birny Birnbaum, executive director of the center, said in a
statement.

He added: -If you can't win on the merits, then you demonize the other side,
misinform the debate and contradict yourself every time you say something. The
industry can't win the credit scoring debate on the merits, so it must resort to
these other tactics."

Mr. Birnbaum accused the insurers of employing -the standard misinformation
tool-misrepresent the issue and then criticize their misrepresentation."

He said, -Although there is a difference of opinion among state insurance
regulators regarding insurers' use of credit scoring, all state regulators
should be outraged by this bald industry attack on basic regulatory oversight."

By Mr. Birnbaum's reading of the letter from attorney Nat Shapo, the industry is
telling regulators, -'We can give our data to whoever we want for whatever
purposes we want, but you don't have the authority to test our claims' [and]
'We'll agree to a study of our practices as long as we pick the investigators
and control the analysis.'"

Mr. Shapo, a former Illinois insurance commissioner, who wrote on behalf of the
Property Casualty Insurers Association of America and the National Association
of Mutual Insurance Companies, said, -I don't think the criticism addresses the
issues we raised."

Mr. Birnbaum said, -The attack on regulators' ability to collect data for market
analysis is particularly troubling. At a time when the state insurance
regulators are trying to demonstrate to Congress and consumers that market
conduct regulation can be reinvented-with market analysis as the foundation of
this reinvention-insurers are telling regulators that they will try to prevent
market analysis with frivolous legal challenges."

According to Mr. Birnbaum, the letter from Mr. Shapo misrepresents the
multi-state study by claiming it is designed only for a -disparate impact"
analysis when, in fact, the multi-state study is used to examine a number of
issues related to credit scoring, all of which are clearly within the
jurisdiction of insurance regulators.

Mr. Shapo said the Center's criticism did not deal with issues his letter had
mentioned-that a portion of the study will make a public policy inquiry as
opposed to being part of a compliance exam. He also said his letter addressed
the issue of whether the question of disparate impact is relevant under current
insurance law without a finding of intent to discriminate against a protected
class.

Mr. Birnbaum called the letter an industry effort to -replay all of the stall
tactics we've seen since 1995 when the industry refused to provide the credit
scoring models to regulators.

-The majority of regulators allowed the use of credit scoring with no
examination of the models or scoring practices through the remainder of the
1990s. We had hoped that regulators learned a lesson from those industry
tactics, but we won't know until we see how regulators respond to the latest
industry roadblock."

Mr. Birnbaum concluded: -The latest industry attack has the potential to harm
state insurance regulation far beyond credit scoring issues. We urge states that
have been sitting on the sidelines to join in the multi-state credit scoring
study and make clear to all that insurance regulators actually believe in
effective market regulation. If insurers are able to thwart state regulators
from examining a market conduct issue as important as credit scoring, what hope
is there for regulators to examine other market issues?"

Mr. Shapo's letter argued that the data call involved -makes it clear that the
primary purpose of the study is not to verify compliance with existing law" and
that PCI and NAMIC -believe that information gleaned from market conduct
examinations should only be used to determine compliance with existing law, not
as a basis for developing new laws."

Pullquote for Shapo:

Nat Shapo, who authored a letter that said regulators' data requests are
illegal, explained that a portion of the study will make a public policy inquiry
as opposed to being part of a compliance exam.

Pullquote for Birnbaum, if available:

At a time when regulators are trying to demonstrate to Congress that market
conduct regulation can be reinvented, insurers are telling regulators they will
prevent market analysis with frivolous legal challenges.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: What's The Issue?
Infographic:

What caused the battle? A letter authored by Nat Shapo, an attorney retained by
PCI and NAMIC and a partner in the Chicago office of Sonnenschein Nath and
Rosenthal

Who got the letter? Commissioners in Oregon, Alabama, Washington, Nevada,
Montana, Indiana, and Missouri.

What did it say? Mr. Shapo identified two significant areas of concern regarding
the multi-state credit study:

(1) The use of regulatory examination powers for research on public policy
issues rather than to verify compliance with existing law.

(2) The possible violation of anti-discrimination provisions of existing
insurance laws.

PCI and NAMIC worry that if the study finds that the use of credit information
leads to -an unintentional but disproportionate impact on an identifiable class
of consumers," commissioners may seek to enforce an anti-discrimination
provision of the insurance code. They say application of a disparate impact
standard is inherently in conflict with the established definition and
interpretations of -unfair discrimination."

What's happened since? On June 18 the Alabama Insurance Department notified
insurers that it was withdrawing from the study.

The Center for Economic Justice in Austin, Texas, denounced the letter, calling
insurers' tactics -desperate."

                Copyright 2004 The National Underwriter Company


                              143 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                 UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Bradford

                                  May 18, 2004

My CV was no lie says specialist

LENGTH: 436 words


A breast cancer surgeon sacked from a Bradford hospital trust for allegedly
lying on his CV has denied he had been "deliberately and dishonestly"
misleading.

Robert Phipps appeared yesterday before the General Medical Council defending
himself against claims he fabricated his CV to get the post of specialist breast
surgeon at Bradford Royal Infirmary.

The 49-year-old from Beech Tree Court Shipley told the hearing his job history
and references put him ahead of any other candidate for the post in 1998.

He told the hearing in Manchester: "There was no need to misrepresent my
attainment to the Bradford Trust." He said there were "very few people" of his
quality who could present themselves for a job - even today.

"There are not the people coming forward with my skills and experience " he
said. He described the accusations as "frankly absurd" and "frankly
preposterous".

The hearing in front of the GMC's professional conduct committee has previously
heard how Mr Phipps's CV showed a catalogue of senior registrar and consultant
positions in Britain and New Zealand.

But giving evidence in March this year David Jackson the chief executive of
Bradford Hospitals NHS Trust said after Mr Phipps had been employed rumours
about his lack of qualifications began to circulate. Checks were then made which
found the alleged discrepancies.

Yesterday Mr Phipps apologised for errors over his role in medical publications
but added: "They were unintentional. They were not intended to misrepresent my
career history or professional attainment."

He said that in 1998 in Bradford to find someone like him was "exceptional". He
said he had missed some jobs off his CV because he thought they were irrelevant
and insignificant.

He told the hearing he applied for the job after saying initially he was not
interested. But hospital chiefs asked him back and offered to put up him and his
family in a first class hotel.

He got the job in May 1998 but two years later he was sacked.

It had been claimed he said he had held posts which he had not and missed others
off. He said his CV showed one message only: "I have exceptional experience and
skills in the management of breast cancer " he told the hearing.

He said he had set up a breast cancer screening programme in New Zealand where
he was an acknowledged expert and revealed contents of glowing references for
when he applied for higher surgical training status and for the Bradford post.

Mr Phipps representing himself will be cross-examined by the General Medical
Council's Chris Tirani on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              144 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 30, 1990, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Gorbachev and the New Russians

SECTION: Section 7; Page 4; Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 323 words



To the Editor:

Any author expects reviewers to criticize and differ with his writing, but not
to seriously misrepresent it to readers.

In his review of "The New Russians" (Dec. 9), S. Frederick Starr seriously
misrepresents a central thesis of my book. Arguing that the book is
"Gorbocentric," Mr. Starr describes me as "the proponent of the view that all
change has arisen from Mikhail S. Gorbachev's initiative and is dependent upon
his continuing activity."

This is flatly inaccurate; my book argues the opposite. Not only does "The New
Russians" lay out antecedents of reforms apart from Mr. Gorbachev, point out his
repeated failures in the economy and on the nationalities issues, purposely omit
his name from the title and present the dynamic pressures for faster reforms
from Boris Yeltsin and democratic reformers now running city governments and
republics around the country. But in the very first few pages, in the
introduction, "The New Russians" asserts the thesis that "all too much of the
time, our focus has been on Gorbachev and whether he will 'make it'; but the
most important questions reach beyond Gorbachev personally. In fact, one of the
most important things I hope this book will show is that whether Gorbachev
'makes it' or not, the process of change has taken root in the Soviet Union. It
may be halting, untidy, embattled, and its course unsteady and sometimes
uncertain, but whether or not Gorbachev survives, reform has now acquired a
momentum of its own, and it will carry on regardless of his individual fate. . .
. Others, now maturing and learning the skills of democracy, will emerge to
carry reform forward to another stage, further than Gorbachev himself either
intended or was capable of realizing. In time, we may come to see Gorbachev as a
transitional figure."

Many other chapters illustrate and support this thesis; in fact, the entire book
does.
HEDRICK L. SMITH
Chevy Chase, Md.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              145 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Tax Tips for Couples Going Through a Connecticut Divorce

LENGTH: 728  words

DATELINE: New York


Legal Resources Association has issued the following news release:

While most divorced couples are immediately concerned about their children and
their financial status, there are other, less obvious, impacts that divorce will
inevitably have. Understanding the changes to your taxation status, for example,
is something to consider when filing for divorce.

Understanding the changes to your taxation status, for example, is something to
consider when filing for divorce. Following these simple tips in anticipation of
divorce will help you to understand the impact a divorce will have on your taxes
and things you can do to try to maintain some of your benefits within the bounds
of the law.
Understanding Connecticut Tax Basics

Dissolution of marriage in Connecticut is governed by state law, under Chapter
815(j) of the Connecticut General Statutes. Taxation matters are, however,
governed by the Internal Revenue Service, a federal entity that governs taxation
considerations regardless of the state in which the taxes are being filed. Being
married provides a taxation benefit come tax season, and it is important to
understand what you may gain or lose when your marital status changes.

Your marital status is determined by your marital status on December 31 of the
tax year. For example, if your marriage was dissolved in October 2014, you
cannot state that you were married on your taxation forms, even though you may
have been married for the majority of the year. This fact alone may give couples
a reason to take pause before filing for divorce--the tax benefits of marriage
can be substantial and it is worth considering looking at the calendar before
rushing to get a final decree.

Understanding Misrepresentations

Tax fraud is a serious offense. The Internal Revenue Service periodically posts
guides to assist in proper tax filings. The 2014 Return Guide for Divorced or
Separated Individuals can be viewed here. This guide aims to explain how to
determine your status (married, unmarried), who is permitted by law to claim
dependent children and receive the associated tax benefits, and also explains
the ins and outs of asset and property division and how that may affect tax
returns as well (this generally becomes an issue as ex-spouses attempt to
determine who gets what in terms of stocks, pensions, IRAs, real property, and
other tangible and intangible forms of property and then have to determine how
this should be reflected on their taxes).

Filing taxes can be complicated. Even if you do not intend to misrepresent your
marital status or misrepresent who has primary custody of your children, it is
always better to err on the side of caution. Take the time to sit down with your
ex-spouse and your respective attorneys to understand what the implications are
of filing for divorce, particularly if children are involved; the primary
custodial parent may receive benefits the other parent simply will not. You may
desire to have these exemptions offset by receiving additional spousal support,
or coming upon some other arrangement to balance financial interests. Remember,
everything can be negotiated. The more time you put in thinking of these matters
before the divorce is finalized, the less likely it is that things will come up
that will inevitably delay finalizing the divorce.
What Happens When Children Are Involved: Exemptions

The presence of children can make a divorce even more emotional and draining.
Custody disputes, uncomfortable transitions, and difficult adjustments all make
this a difficult time for everyone involved. Fortunately, taking the opportunity
to understand what impact your children will have on your taxes post-divorce is
something you can anticipate and figure out before it becomes an issue. With
dependent children (those under the age of 18), a person can reap a significant
tax benefit by claiming the child or children on their taxes. Only one party can
take this benefit post-divorce when filing individual and not joint tax returns.
The primary custodial parent will generally receive the exemption, but
settlement agreements addressing the issue of exemptions (splitting it, or
offsetting the amount by providing financial support in other ways) are very
common in divorces involving children.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 708 words


What's the best way to reach cellphone violators?

I thought I was the only one spotting drivers still using cellphones. I would
add one thought: I'm guessing most of these abusers are younger people - who
don't read the newspaper, let alone letters to the editor. So parents need to
stress to their children how dangerous this practice is.

- Frances Perata, Chico

Kaepernick just trying to get his starting job back

I have always been a Colin Kaepernick fan, but I never knew just how smart he
is. Stuck as the second-string 49er quarterback, he is now refusing to stand for
the national anthem. He is protesting this country that oppresses blacks (except
for the ones with $15 million NFL contracts and our president). He must now be
named starting quarterback, or the 49ers are oppressing racists. Brilliant!

- Bob Gustafson, Paradise

Law enforcement group misrepresents marijuana

The California State Sheriffs Association claims marijuana seriously impairs
driving and has other adverse consequences (AP, Mercury News, June 28). Yet
researchers find that while obviously inadvisable, marijuana only modestly
affects driving (Journal of Drug And Alcohol Dependence, June 23, 2016).

Marijuana users know their performance is impaired and compensate by slowing
down and being especially attentive. By contrast, inebriated drivers are
seriously impaired. They merely think they are in control; in fact, they speed,
weave across lanes, have lethally slower reaction times, and cause thousands of
accidents (National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, 2015).

Moreover, illegality accounts for marijuana's negative societal consequences,
not its use per se. Incarceration soils reputations, deprives children of
custodial parents, financially and mentally stresses families and society,
blackballs one from employment, and puts one at risk for assault. Violence
results from gangsters killing other gangsters and, as Denise Hopper can testify
(letters, Aug. 15), innocent bystanders. Gangsters are not discretionary users.
In fact, among occasional users, alcohol precipitates while cannabis reduces
aggression and is associated with less - not more - domestic violence
(Psychoparmacology, July 15, 2016; Psychology of Addictive Behavior, Sept.,
2014).

Law enforcement receives substantial funding to prosecute the drug war, so it is
not surprising the sheriffs association misrepresents marijuana's true character
- a relatively benign profile coupled with considerable therapeutic utility. The
consequences of this outsized misrepresentation are serious. Not only is the
public duped on an important issue, law enforcement's credibility is reduced as
well.

- William R. Todd-Mancillas, Chico

Republican racism no longer veiled

Finally, the thin veil of innuendo covering racism from the political far right
is dropping away into the cesspool of bigotry. The new Joseph Goebbels spin
doctor campaign manager and the new Herman Goering chief adviser to their
"leader" have shown their true colors. The only thing missing from their venues
at political rallies is the beer hall.

According to their "leader," global warming is a hoax; the California drought is
a pipe dream; illegals and, by suggestion, legal immigrants are the cause of all
our labor, crime, assault weapon mass shootings and social problems. This leaves
us to wonder what their "leader" has in mind for his final solution when he
fixes everything real fast.

The Republican National Committee brought this stinking mess on all by
themselves. The 'veil' noted above was the promise by the then chairperson of
the RNC on Nov. 8, 2008 to do everything possible to make President-elect Barack
Obama fail.

This was their war cry. They still own it. The current representative for this
congressional district owns it. The "veil" has deteriorated and now has
completely rotted away.

Thankfully, we have Democratic Party candidates up and down the ticket that can
and are willing to step forward and save this state, country and our planet from
total destruction by the far right.

They are: Hillary Clinton for president, Kamala Harris or Loretta Sanchez for
U.S. Senate, Jim Reed for Congress, Ed Ritchie for Assembly and Maurice "Big Mo"
Huffman for county supervisor.

- Gary Shallenberger, Paradise

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                          November 28, 2007 Wednesday

Writer: Ad in newspaper misrepresents facts

BYLINE: Staff Writer

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 430 words


Editor:

A political ad in the Nov. 11 issue of The Daily Times, paid for by Trout
Unlimited plus New Mexico Wildlife Federation, grossly misrepresents facts
regarding oil and gas development upon public lands, stating that "most of the
oil and gas drilling permits on public lands in New Mexico are approved without
consideration given to fish and wildlife habitat or public participation."

This is absolutely not true. Oil and gas drilling permits on public lands are
subject to existing "Resource Management Plans," developed for each of the
public land areas under control and guidance of the local offices of the Bureau
of Land Management and do include protection for fish and wildlife. In fact, the
oil and gas industry is at times really encumbered by issues relating to fish
and wildlife in our efforts to develop oil and gas resources on public lands.

For northwest New Mexico, the controlling RMP was recently updated by the
Farmington Field Office of the BLM and includes numerous considerations
addressing issues important to fish and wildlife habitat.

The current RMP was produced over a three-year period and included input from
the BLM's professional staff, and from biological, fisheries, water and wildlife
resources, and the BLM also solicited public "stakeholder" participation through
public scoping meetings, public interviews, published newsletters, stakeholder
meetings and comments received regarding their proposed RMP.

The final RMP includes letters submitted by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, New
Mexico Ecological Services, U.S. Forest Service, New Mexico Environmental
Department, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and numerous others, including
174 written and 46 oral comments from individuals representing the general
public, industry, environmental organizations, and state and federal agencies.

In addition, over 12,000 e-mail, mail and fax submittals were received and
considered in producing the final RMP.

It appears that Trout Unlimited did not submit any formal comments, but the New
Mexico Wildlife Federation did. Both organizations were given ample opportunity
to have their concerns about fish and wildlife addressed in the RMP that must be
complied with for all oil and gas activity on public lands.

I find it increasingly difficult and frustrating to know what to believe
regarding news issues. One should be reluctant to depend upon any one source for
information. It is becoming common for special interest groups to make pubic
statements to promote their special interests, that have nothing at all to do
with the facts.

JOHN ROE

Farmington

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Iran slams USA for attempt to "misrepresent" Geneva agreement

LENGTH: 1996 words


Excerpt of report in English by Iranian conservative, privately-owned Fars News
Agency website

Tehran, 3 December: The Iranian Foreign Ministry lashed out at the US for
attempting to misrepresent the Geneva agreement between Tehran and the world
powers by releasing a fact sheet alleged to be the text of the nuclear deal, and
said the real text of the 'Joint Plan of Action' is available on the EU's
website.

"The fact sheet is a US narrative of the Geneva agreement and the text agreed by
all sides is the Joint Plan of Action which was compiled in four pages and
released some hours after the agreement," Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Marziyeh
Afkham said in her weekly press conference in Tehran on Tuesday [3 December].

"The text of the Joint Plan of Action is available on the EU's website and the
(Iranian) Foreign Ministry has also released it in full text along with an
official and precise translation," she added.

[Passage omitted: Background]

"What has been released by the website of the White House as a fact sheet is a
one-sided interpretation of the agreed text in Geneva and some of the
explanations and words in the sheet contradict the text of the Joint Plan of
Action (the title of the Iran-powers deal), and this fact sheet has
unfortunately been translated and released in the name of the Geneva agreement
by certain media, which is not true," Afkham said.

She said that the four-page text under the name of the Joint Plan of Action
(which has been released by the Iranian foreign ministry) was the result of the
agreement reached during the Geneva talks and all of its sentences and words
were chosen based on the considerations of all parties to the talks. In fact one
of the reasons why negotiations between Iran and the G5+1 took so long pertained
to the accuracy which was needed for choosing the words for the text of the
agreement, Afkham said, explaining that the Iranian delegation was much rigid
and laid much emphasis on the need for this accuracy.

Afkham said that the text of the Joint Plan of Action was provided to the media
a few hours after the two sides agreed on it.

After the White House released a modified version of the deal struck by Iran and
the six world powers in Geneva, the Iranian Foreign Ministry released the text
of the agreement.

The full text of the deal is as follows:

Geneva, 24 November 2013

Joint Plan of Action

Preamble

The goal for these negotiations is to reach a mutually-agreed long-term
comprehensive solution that would ensure Iran's nuclear programme will be
exclusively peaceful. Iran reaffirms that under no circumstances will Iran ever
seek or develop any nuclear weapons. This comprehensive solution would build on
these initial measures and result in a final step for a period to be agreed upon
and the resolution of concerns. This comprehensive solution would enable Iran to
fully enjoy its right to nuclear energy for peaceful purposes under the relevant
articles of the NPT in conformity with its obligations therein. This
comprehensive solution would involve a mutually defined enrichment programme
with practical limits and transparency measures to ensure the peaceful nature of
the programme. This comprehensive solution would constitute an integrated whole
where nothing is agreed until everything is agreed. This comprehensive solution
would involve a reciprocal, step-bystep process, and would produce the
comprehensive lifting of all UN Security Council sanctions, as well as
multilateral and national sanctions related to Iran's nuclear programme.

There would be additional steps in between the initial measures and the final
step, including, among other things, addressing the UN Security Council
resolutions, with a view towards bringing to a satisfactory conclusion the UN
Security Council's consideration of this matter. The E3+3 and Iran will be
responsible for conclusion and implementation of mutual near-term measures and
the comprehensive solution in good faith. A Joint Commission of E3/EU+3 and Iran
will be established to monitor the implementation of the near-term measures and
address issues that may arise, with the IAEA responsible for verification of
nuclear-related measures. The Joint Commission will work with the IAEA to
facilitate resolution of past and present issues of concern.

Elements of a first step The first step would be time-bound, with a duration of
6 months, and renewable by mutual consent, during which all parties will work to
maintain a constructive atmosphere for negotiations in good faith. Iran would
undertake the following voluntary measures:

From the existing uranium enriched to 20 per cent, retain half as working stock
of 20 per cent oxide for fabrication of fuel for the TRR. Dilute the remaining
20 per cent UF6 to no more than 5 per cent. No reconversion line.

Iran announces that it will not enrich uranium over 5 per cent for the duration
of the 6 months.

Iran announces that it will not make any further advances of its activities at
the Natanz Fuel Enrichment Plant1, Fordow2, or the Arak reactor3, designated by
the IAEA as IR-40.

Beginning when the line for conversion of UF6 enriched up to 5 per cent to UO2
is ready, Iran has decided to convert to oxide UF6 newly enriched up to 5 per
cent during the 6 month period, as provided in the operational schedule of the
conversion plant declared to the IAEA.

No new locations for the enrichment.

Iran will continue its safeguarded R&D practices, including its current
enrichment R&D practices, which are not designed for accumulation of the
enriched uranium.

No reprocessing or construction of a facility capable of reprocessing.

Enhanced monitoring:

Provision of specified information to the IAEA, including information on Iran's
plans for nuclear facilities, a description of each building on each nuclear
site, a description of the scale of operations for each location engaged in
specified nuclear activities, information on uranium mines and mills, and
information on source material. This information would be provided within three
months of the adoption of these measures.

Submission of an updated DIQ for the reactor at Arak, designated by the IAEA as
the IR-40, to the IAEA.

Steps to agree with the IAEA on conclusion of the Safeguards Approach for the
reactor at Arak, designated by the IAEA as the IR-40.

Daily IAEA inspector access when inspectors are not present for the purpose of
Design Information Verification, Interim Inventory Verification, Physical
Inventory Verification, and unannounced inspections, for the purpose of access
to offline surveillance records, at Fordo and Natanz.

IAEA inspector managed access to:

centrifuge assembly workshops4;

centrifuge rotor production workshops and storage facilities; and, uranium mines
and mills.

Footnotes:

1 Namely, during the 6 months, Iran will not feed UF6 into the centrifuges
installed but not enriching uranium. Not install additional centrifuges. Iran
announces that during the first 6 months, it will replace existing centrifuges
with centrifuges of the same type.

2 At Fordow, no further enrichment over 5 per cent at 4 cascades now enriching
uranium, and not increase enrichment capacity. Not feed UF6 into the other 12
cascades, which would remain in a non-operative state. No interconnections
between cascades.

Iran announces that during the first 6 months, it will replace existing
centrifuges with centrifuges of the same type.

3 Iran announces on concerns related to the construction of the reactor at Arak
that for 6 months it will not commission the reactor or transfer fuel or heavy
water to the reactor site and will not test additional fuel or produce more fuel
for the reactor or install remaining components.

4 Consistent with its plans, Iran's centrifuge production during the 6 months
will be dedicated to replace damaged machines.

In return, the E3/EU+3 would undertake the following voluntary measures:

Pause efforts to further reduce Iran's crude oil sales, enabling Iran's current
customers to purchase their current average amounts of crude oil. Enable the
repatriation of an agreed amount of revenue held abroad. For such oil sales,
suspend the EU and US sanctions on associated insurance and transportation
services.

Suspend US and EU sanctions on:

Iran's petrochemical exports, as well as sanctions on associated services.5 o
Gold and precious metals, as well as sanctions on associated services.

Suspend US sanctions on Iran's auto industry, as well as sanctions on associated
services.

License the supply and installation in Iran of spare parts for safety of flight
for Iranian civil aviation and associated services. License safety related
inspections and repairs in Iran as well as associated services.6

No new nuclear-related UN Security Council sanctions.

No new EU nuclear-related sanctions.

The US Administration, acting consistent with the respective roles of the
President and the Congress, will refrain from imposing new nuclear-related
sanctions.

Establish a financial channel to facilitate humanitarian trade for Iran's
domestic needs using Iranian oil revenues held abroad. Humanitarian trade would
be defined as transactions involving food and agricultural products, medicine,
medical devices, and medical expenses incurred abroad. This channel would
involve specified foreign banks and non-designated Iranian banks to be defined
when establishing the channel.

This channel could also enable:

transactions required to pay Iran's UN obligations; and, direct tuition payments
to universities and colleges for Iranian students studying abroad, up to an
agreed amount for the six month period.

Increase the EU authorisation thresholds for transactions for non-sanctioned
trade to an agreed amount.

Footnotes

5 "Sanctions on associated services" means any service, such as insurance,
transportation, or financial, subject to the underlying US or EU sanctions
applicable, insofar as each service is related to the underlying sanction and
required to facilitate the desired transactions. These services could involve
any non-designated Iranian entities.

6 Sanctions relief could involve any non-designated Iranian airlines as well as
Iran Air.

Elements of the final step of a comprehensive solution*

The final step of a comprehensive solution, which the parties aim to conclude
negotiating and commence implementing no more than one year after the adoption
of this document, would:

Have a specified long-term duration to be agreed upon.

Reflect the rights and obligations of parties to the NPT and IAEA Safeguards
Agreements.

Comprehensively lift UN Security Council, multilateral and national
nuclear-related sanctions, including steps on access in areas of trade,
technology, finance, and energy, on a schedule to be agreed upon.

Involve a mutually defined enrichment programme with mutually agreed parameters
consistent with practical needs, with agreed limits on scope and level of
enrichment activities, capacity, where it is carried out, and stocks of enriched
uranium, for a period to be agreed upon.

Fully resolve concerns related to the reactor at Arak, designated by the IAEA as
the IR-40.

No reprocessing or construction of a facility capable of reprocessing.

Fully implement the agreed transparency measures and enhanced monitoring. Ratify
and implement the Additional Protocol, consistent with the respective roles of
the President and the Majlis (Iranian parliament).

Include international civil nuclear cooperation, including among others, on
acquiring modern light water power and research reactors and associated
equipment, and the supply of modern nuclear fuel as well as agreed R&D
practices.

Following successful implementation of the final step of the comprehensive
solution for its full duration, the Iranian nuclear programme will be treated in
the same manner as that of any non-nuclear weapon state party to the NPT.

* With respect to the final step and any steps in between, the standard
principle that "nothing is agreed until everything is agreed" applies.

Source: Fars News Agency website, Tehran, in English 1410 gmt 3 Dec 13

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 8, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

EX-EDITOR OF ATLANTIC SUES ITS NEW OWNER ON ANNUITY DEFAULT

BYLINE: By DUDLEY CLENDINEN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 29, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Dec. 7


Robert Manning, the former editor of the The Atlantic Monthly, filed suit today
against the magazine and its new owner, Mortimer B. Zuckerman, a Boston real
estate developer. The suit contends that the magazine and Mr. Zuckerman have
failed to make payments of $750 a month promised to Mr. Manning in a contract at
the time he left the editorship, on Oct. 1 last year.

Mr. Zuckerman, reached in Washington, acknowledged this evening that he had not
made the payments, on the advice of the lawyer who is representing him in a
complicated suit and countersuit involving himself and some of the former
stockholders and directors of the Atlantic Monthly Company. The former
stockholders are suing for payment, and Mr. Zuckerman is suing them for fraud,
charging that they misrepresented the financial condition of the magazine, which
is now called The Atlantic.

Magazine Purchased in 1980

Mr. Zuckerman bought the historic but financially troubled journal of politics,
literature and public affairs, which is published here, for an undisclosed
amount of cash and promissory notes to stockholders on April 30, 1980. On the
same day, Mr. Manning says, Mr. Zuckerman signed a separate employment contract
with him.

''I was to continue as editor,'' said Mr. Manning, who had held that position
since 1966, ''but very soon thereafter, I discovered that he was around offering
the same job to others.''

The state of disagreement between Mr. Manning and Mr. Zuckerman has become well
known. ''To get out of an intolerable situation,'' Mr.  Manning said, his
contract was renegotiated on Oct. 1, 1980, providing for a short leave of
absence and then retirement. It also provided supplementary payments to his
pension of $750 a month.

Mr. Manning was also a stockholder in the magazine and the payments owed him for
his shares have been made, he said. But those payments, Mr. Zuckerman said
today, will cease. ' Mr. Zuckerman said: ''It now turns out that he had
knowledge of the misrepresentation. He was a member of the board of directors.''


Plan to Misrepresent Charged

The other shareholders have sued Mr. Zuckerman for payments of almost $1.6
million due but unmade on April 30, 1981. He has countersued, contending, he
said, that there was a ''deliberate plan to misrepresent the financial condition
of the company.''

Mr. Zuckerman estimates that the management and audited figures for the
company's value ''were off anywhere from 50 to 900 percent.'' Mr. Zuckerman's
suit was filed in Federal District Court here this summer. Mr. Manning's suit
asks treble the agreed payments in the form of an annuity, according to his
lawyer, Steven Horowitz. It was filed this afternoon in a state court in Boston.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              150 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 7, 1990, Friday

230 INSURERS SAID TO NEED STATE ATTENTION

BYLINE: KENNETH SILVERSTEIN; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Over 200 property/casualty insurance companies need further regulatory attention
from state insurance commissioners, according to an industry academic.

Joseph Belth, an insurance professor at Indiana University, Bloomington, led a
consumer effort that forced those commissioners late last year to publish their
financial data on such items as insurers' surpluses, reserves and rofitability.

That effort enabled Mr. Belth to compile a list of 230 property/casualty
companies failingto meet such standards in 1989. Industry officials say the data
have significant shortcomings.

The National Association of Insurance Commissioners, the Kansas City, Mo., group
representing the commissioners, collects the basic data from the states.

The association uses 11 financial tests in the "statistical phase" of its
Insurance Regulatory Information System.

Companies that fail four or more of those examinations are flagged for closer
inspection by commissioners. A detailed explanation of those findings is then
given in the "analytical phase," but commissioners still will keep that
information secret.

The association had long considered such financial information proprietary,
arguing that consumers would misunderstand the statistics and unnecessarily harm
some companies and their policyholders.

The insurance commissioners defend their decision to keep the analytical phase
confidential on the grounds it that is too subjective to publish.

But Mr. Belth said in a telephone interview that the analytical data should be
public because that would alleviate misunderstandings created from releasing the
statistical data.

"If I am going to put my life savings in an annuity, I would like to know what
these danger signals are," he said.

Mr. Belth stresses that companies that fail some of the statistical tests are
not necessarily in financial trouble.

Furthermore, he warns in his monthly newsletter that the information could be
abused. "Some agents may misrepresent the information and use it in an effort to
discredit their competitors.

"Some newspaper headline writers may misrepresent the information by referring
to the companies as weak or failing," Mr. Belth adds.

Despite such potential problems, the professor said, he considers it
''significant" if a company is flagged for extra regulatory surveillance.

Robert Klein, director of research for the commissioners' association, said it
will combat any potential misunderstandings by publishing a narrative of the
statistical information and its limitations for users.

But Phil Schwartz, vice president of financial reporting for the American
Insurance Association, a Washington group representing property and casualty
insurers, said those caveats would be overlooked by consumers.

Paul Wish, vice president of communications for A.M. Best Co., Oldwick, N.J.,
said the accuracy of the regulatory data is open to question.

He said the system is flawed because individual companies are not consolidated
with their parents or affiliates, they may appear to be weak, when in fact, they
are as financially strong as the group.

Additionally, the tests are applied on a "one size fits all basis," even though
some companies require different managerial philosophies. A fire company, for
instance, must hold different reserve levels than a liability company, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: See related article: 230 INSURERS SAID TO NEED STATE ATTENTION

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              151 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            April 26, 2008 Saturday

Cooking the books could heat the Earth

BYLINE: By Richard Barrett and Thomas Michael Power

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Opinion

LENGTH: 823 words


Several American business groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the
National Association of Manufacturers and the American Council for Capital
Formation, have launched nationwide campaigns to convince the public that a
serious effort to limit the pollution that causes global warming would have
catastrophic consequences for the American economy, while providing no
significant benefits. It is hard to believe that organizations claiming to
represent business interests could be so out of touch with economic and energy
reality.

The target of their ire is the Climate Security Act, introduced in Congress by
Sens. John Warner, R-Va., and Joseph Lieberman, I-Conn., and approved by Sen.
Barbara Boxer's, D-Calif., Environment and Public Works Committee. It would
reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 70 percent, by 2050.

Two of the opposed groups, NAM and ACCF, recently released an economic study
they say demonstrates the "enormous" costs we would incur from this legislation.
For instance, they claim it would lead to a "loss" of about 1.3 million American
jobs. But this grossly misrepresents what their own study actually shows, which
is no net job loss as a result of greenhouse gas regulation.

Actually, the study projects that job growth would slow very slightly.

Instead of the American economy creating 15.4 million new jobs over the next 12
years, 14.1 million new jobs would be added. At the beginning of 2020, there
would be only about 0.8 percent fewer jobs in the economy, and by the end of the
year normal job growth would eliminate even this small shortfall. What is
startling is not how many jobs we will lose, but rather how many we will gain as
we move towards a low emissions economy.

And even the finding of slower growth is questionable. That's because the study
makes unreasonably pessimistic assumptions regarding the technical and
entrepreneurial creativity and adaptability of the businesses they claim to
represent. In the face of a new energy reality, in which greenhouse gas
emissions carry a steep price, businesses and households will find ways of
reducing them - through renewable energy, conservation and technological
transformation.

We've repeatedly seen this type of rapid and pervasive adaptation and
innovation, in the spread of computer technology, the rise of the Internet and
the revolution in telecommunications. If public policy creates the right set of
incentives to reduce global warming pollution, we'll find enormous opportunities
open to us, with negligible resulting costs.

The study opposing the climate change legislation also fails to recognize the
potential of increased energy efficiency. Yet national research organizations
have identified many simple measures to reduce energy use and greenhouse gas
emissions, such as switching to compact fluorescent bulbs.

The business groups seek to scare Americans about high electricity and gasoline
prices under the Climate Security Act. But this misrepresents the way prices
work. Although an increase in energy prices is needed to stimulate energy
innovation, higher energy prices need not burden families and businesses because
innovative energy technologies will significantly reduce how much energy they
must buy.

Beyond the scare tactics, the core argument offered by the opposed organizations
is that we gain nothing by acting on our own. The logic is flawless but severely
limited, since it applies with equal force to those other countries - China
shouldn't act unless the United States does, the European Union shouldn't act
before India, and so forth.

This type of thinking points inexorably toward a "race to the bottom," resulting
in global inaction and ultimately self-destruction. We need international
negotiations leading to global agreements to reduce emissions, and we only gain
an influential place at the negotiating table if we're prepared to take
significant action. Right now, we simply discredit ourselves by whining about
the costs of reducing emissions while suggesting that much poorer nations bear
the burden. And finally, though the study never addresses the issue, it's
ignored a huge elephant in the room - the costs of doing nothing. In fact, the
former chief economist of the World Bank, Nicholas Stern, recently said that a
2006 report - estimating the adverse impacts of climate change at up to
one-fifth of the world's gross domestic product - had underestimated the risks.

If we fail to act because of poorly constructed and deceptively reasoned
economic arguments, we will assure changes in world climate that will
fundamentally affect the America that we know, leaving behind for our children
and grandchildren a dramatically diminished natural landscape, society, and
economy.

---

Thomas Michael Power (tom.powermso.umt.edu) is a research professor and former
chairman of the Department of Economics at the University of Montana, where
Richard Barrett (rnewbargmail.com) is an emeritus professor of economics.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

HOLLOW APPOINTMENTS

BYLINE: WILLIAM R. LEVESQUE, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 760 words

DATELINE: SEMINOLE



HIGHLIGHT: A 2009 suit says two sets of books were used to disguise waits at
Young VA center.


The C.W. Bill Young VA Medical Center uses what employees call "virtual
calendars" to make it appear patients are seen by doctors more quickly than is
true, according to testimony and documents filed in a 2009 federal lawsuit.

Plaintiffs said the Department of Veterans Affairs hospital essentially had two
sets of books, one with inaccurate numbers on how long patients wait for an
appointment and another - the virtual calendars - showing the actual time.

"Much of what the (VA) would claim was an accomplishment involves smoke, mirrors
and the hiding of wait lists on virtual calendars," attorney Joe Magri,
representing VA employees in the lawsuit, said in a trial motion.

A doctor who was a plaintiff in the case said the Seminole hospital was eager to
reduce the long waiting lists that VA headquarters uses to measurea hospital's
success and efficiency.

"They asked me to go against my moral grain and ethics, asking me to call
(other) VAs to request how they hide certain wait lists," testified program
management analyst Roxanne Lainhart Bronner, who still works at the Young VA,
formerly known as Bay Pines.

Young VA officials deny the hospital misrepresents the time patients wait for
appointments.

The trial involved four Young VA employees, including three doctors, who accused
the facility of retaliating against them for filing workplace discrimination
claims. A federal jury in Tampa awarded them $3.73 million in damages, though
the amount was later reduced.

The VA is facing stinging criticism nationally over everything from wrongful
deaths to charges by its inspector general that some veteran hospitals gamed
statistics showing how long patients wait for appointments.

An audit, ordered by the White House and released Friday, said more than 60
percent of veterans hospitals manipulated wait times and said there is a
"systemic lack of integrity" at some VA facilities.

This is how, according to testimony, virtual calendars worked:

Existing patients cannot get an appointment at some Young VA departments more
than 30 to 45 days out.

So if a doctor wants to see a patient in six months, or if a long waiting list
in a department prevents a patient from being seen within 45 days, the facility
does not allow an appointment to be made.

Instead, patients are placed on a "virtual calendar" until it notifies them to
make a formal appointment.

Statistics reported to Washington would show a patient got an appointment within
30 days when, in fact, they may have waited six months, plaintiffs' attorneys
said.

"On one hand, it's kind of a way of cutting down on (appointment) no-shows or
cancellations," testified Steven Burdick, a Young VA patient service assistant
who was not involved in the suit. "On the other hand, it's kind of a way of just
hiding the large number of people that we're seeing that we don't have
facilities to see."

Jason Dangel, a Young VA spokesman, acknowledged "virtual calendar" or "virtual
clinic" was the unofficial terminology employees use to describe the VA's
recall/reminder software. He denied the software was used to misrepresent the
time it takes to schedule appointments.

"We do not use virtual, undocumented calendars as a mechanism to schedule or
alert patients about upcoming appointments," he said.

Instead, he said, the hospital's software notifies patients by phone or postcard
"when a follow-up appointment is due." Dangel said, "It's not on the books as an
appointment per se."

The system is still utilized at Young and other VA hospitals, Dangel said.

"Some VAs use it more than others," he said. "It's a good tool."

Burdick, the VA employee who testified at trial, said the system gave patients
"an appointment to call to make an appointment."

Dr. Sally Zachariah, one of the plaintiffs in the suit, said of virtual
calendars, "Virtual is virtual. You cannot see it."

She said if VA headquarters wanted to check how many of the hospital's patients
are waiting for an appointment, it does not see the patients on the virtual
calendar because they are "put in a separate stack" though they may have waited
months for an appointment.

Dr. Lithium Lin, then chief of medicine at the Young VA, defended the system,
saying it significantly reduced appointment no-shows.

"When a physician's schedule ... has a lot of no-shows, it's a wasted
opportunity to deliver care to the patients," Lin testified.

"But in terms of what gets reported on to Washington or elsewhere, you don't
report those calendars, do you?" a lawyer asked.

"No, you don't," Lin said.

William R. Levesque can be reached at levesque@tampabay.com or (813) 226-3432.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO ILLUSTRATION: Excerpts from a transcript of a 2009 trial alleging
retaliation against employees who filed workplace complaints at what was then
Bay Pines VA Medical Center (now C.W. Bill Young). The top excerpt is from
Roaxanne Lainhart Bronner; center is from Steven Burdick and the bottom is from
Dr. Sally Zachariah.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 24, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs Obtains Court Order Shutting Down
Unregistered Contractor Who Allegedly Took Money from Elderly Consumers for
Repairs That Were Never Completed

LENGTH: 718  words


The Office of the Attorney General and the New Jersey Division of Consumer
Affairs have filed suit against Leroy N. Brown, an unregistered contractor who
did business as B&K Masonry & Chimney, for misrepresenting himself as a
registered contractor and for using deceptive sales tactics, including
proclamations of imminent health and safety risks, to induce mostly elderly
consumers into purchasing expensive chimney repairs that were never completed.

On December 17, 2015, a State Superior Court Judge granted the States request
for a preliminary injunction, which froze Browns assets and also barred Brown
from performing any additional home improvement work in New Jersey. The Court
had previously frozen one bank account used by Brown to conduct business as B&K
Masonry & Chimney and the State is in the process of identifying additional
assets.

Brown, who maintained business addresses in Teaneck; Babylon, New York; and West
Babylon, New York; allegedly committed multiple violations of the Consumer Fraud
Act and Home Improvement Contractors Registration Act. Brown also faces enhanced
civil penalties because the majority of his victims are senior citizens.

It is no exaggeration to say the publics health and safety were endangered by
Mr. Brown and the illegal and substandard work he performed, Acting Attorney
General John J. Hoffman said. Through the legal action we have taken and the
recent court decision, Brown can no longer put other consumers, especially
elderly consumers, at risk.

According to the States Complaint, Brown, d/b/a B&K Masonry & Chimney, made
misrepresentations by phone and on a B&K Masonry & Chimney website that the
defendant was licensed and registered and that [a]ll work is guaranteed. In
order to get work, Brown made unsolicited calls to the elderly, offering chimney
and sweeping services at a discount. In addition, Brown allegedly used deceptive
sales practices such as having a B&K Masonry & Chimney representative
misrepresent himself as a government inspector and inform a consumer that if she
did not have a chimney liner replaced, she would no longer be allowed to use her
furnace, and if she did use her furnace, she could be fined.

Brown also allegedly provided consumers with home improvement contracts that did
not include legally required information, including Notice to the Consumer
cancellation language or a certificate of commercial liability. In addition,
Brown allegedly made misrepresentations as to the location of his business,
giving a false address to consumers.

This unregistered contractor allegedly lied to consumers again and again so that
he could line his pockets with profits without doing substantive work, said
Steve Lee, Acting Director of the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs. He
allegedly went so far as to target the elderly and to have an employee
misrepresent himself as a government inspector to convince a consumer to get
unnecessary repairs.

Additionally, according to the Complaint, Brown, among other things, obtained
payment for home improvement work that he never commenced, failed to complete
promised work that had already been paid for, failed to provide consumers with
timely written notice of delays, represented to consumers that contracted-for
chimney cleaners and/or repairs had been completed when, in fact, they had not,
and performed home improvements in a substandard, and at times, dangerous,
manner. At least one family was allegedly forced to flee their home because of
high levels of carbon monoxide inside the dwelling following chimney liner work
performed by Brown.

Team Leader Joseph Iasso and Investigator Jessica Lugo in the Office of Consumer
Protection within the Division of Consumer Affairs conducted the investigation.

Lead Deputy Attorney General Jeffrey Koziar in the Division of Laws Consumer
Fraud Prosecution Section, is representing the State.

The Bergen County Office of Consumer Affairs referred consumer complaints to the
Division for its use in investigating this matter.

Consumers who believe they have been cheated or scammed by a business, or
suspect any other form of consumer abuse, can file an online complaint with the
State Division of Consumer Affairs by visiting its website or by calling
1-800-242-5846 (toll free within New Jersey) or 973-504-6200. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 21, 2011 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fighting for the Right to Tell Lies

BYLINE: By DAN FROSCH; Toby Lyles contributed reporting from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 911 words


DENVER -- In 2009, a burly Colorado man named Rick Duncan was a rising star
among local veterans groups, advocating on behalf of struggling soldiers and
holding forth about his own powerful experiences returning from Iraq as a
wounded Marine.

The problem was none of it was true, not even his name.

Mr. Duncan was actually Richard G. Strandlof, a troubled drifter who had never
served in the military. Instead, he used his bogus story to work his way into
the company of prominent politicians and admiring veterans.

Mr. Strandlof was eventually arrested by the F.B.I. and charged with violating
the Stolen Valor Act, a 2006 law that makes it a federal crime to lie about
being a military hero.

But though he admitted conjuring the entire tale, Mr. Strandlof has been
fighting the case against him, arguing that the law violates his right to free
speech. Simply telling a lie, his lawyers assert, does not always constitute a
crime.

Now, a federal appeals court in Denver is weighing whether the act is indeed
unconstitutional. Last July, a judge dismissed the case against Mr. Strandlof on
First Amendment grounds, but prosecutors appealed.

Mr. Strandlof's case is the latest legal challenge to the Stolen Valor Act. The
appellate court's ruling in Colorado -- expected in the next few months -- is
being eagerly awaited by legal experts and veterans groups, as it will most
likely determine whether the United States Supreme Court takes up the matter.

''Stolen Valor is not just lying: it is stealing an identity of a combat hero or
a wounded soldier,'' said Doug Sterner, a Vietnam veteran who helped draft the
law's language and who has spent years tracking down those who falsely claim to
be war heroes. ''Why should the Army give out a Silver Star to someone who
performs heroically if anybody who wants one can buy a medal, print a citation
and claim it with impunity?''

Since Congress passed the Stolen Valor Act, the Justice Department has
prosecuted more than 60 people for violating it -- penalties can range from up
to a year in prison to fines and community service. Mr. Sterner says thousands
of cases are reported each year.

But the recent challenges have left the law's future uncertain.

Last year, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ruled the
law unconstitutional in the case of Xavier Alvarez, a former board member for a
municipal water district near Los Angeles. Mr. Alvarez had bragged about being
wounded in combat and claimed he had received the Medal of Honor. In truth, he
never served in the military.

In 2008, Mr. Alvarez pleaded guilty on the condition that he could appeal. He
was sentenced to three years of probation, ordered to perform 416 hours of
community service and fined $5,000. But the appeals court reversed his
conviction, ruling in a 2-to-1 decision that the false statements covered under
the act were overly broad.

In the majority opinion, Judge Milan D. Smith Jr. wrote that if the court upheld
the act, ''then there would be no constitutional bar to criminalizing lying
about one's height, weight, age or financial status on Match.com or Facebook, or
falsely representing to one's mother that one does not smoke.''

But a federal judge in Virginia upheld the law in January in the case of Ronnie
L. Robbins, a former revenue commissioner of Dickenson County who had claimed
while campaigning that he was a decorated Vietnam veteran. Mr. Robbins, in fact,
was never deployed overseas while in the Army.

In his ruling, the judge, James P. Jones, said that lying about being a
decorated soldier did not warrant First Amendment protection, and that privacy
laws would be sufficient to keep the government from intruding into everyday
exaggerations. In March, a jury found Mr. Robbins guilty, and he is scheduled
for sentencing in July.

With such divergent rulings, eyes are turned toward the case of Mr. Strandlof,
whose tales were so convincing he was able to start his own veterans group.

Oral arguments before the federal appeals court here in Denver were heard last
week. Mr. Strandlof's federal public defender, John T. Carlson, has said that
false statements covered by the law could not be grouped with other free speech
exceptions like defamation, fraud and perjury. If Stolen Valor is upheld, he
argued, the government could find itself regulating any false statements,
whether harmful or not.

''For good or bad, we live in a world that tolerates considerable amounts of
false speech,'' Mr. Carlson wrote in an e-mail response to questions about the
case, ''from the exaggerations, omissions and little white lies that we all tell
sometimes to the big, ideologically inflected lies that dot our culture.''

Conversely, federal prosecutors in the case contend that lying about being a war
hero is inherently harmful -- to the military awards system and to the soldiers
who truly earned their honors. Indeed, proponents of the act maintain that the
yarns spun by war fabulists almost always lead to monetary gain or acclaim.

This month, Representative Joe Heck, Republican of Nevada, introduced a revised
Stolen Valor Act that would make it a crime of fraud to benefit, or intend to
benefit, from lying about military awards.

''It's not O.K. to misrepresent yourself as a physician and practice medicine,''
Mr. Heck said. ''It's not O.K. to misrepresent yourself as a police officer. Why
should you be able to misrepresent yourself as member of the military,
specifically if you're trying to gain something of value?''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Richard G. Strandlof, right, in 2008 at a 9/11 memorial service
in Colorado Springs, where he posed as a veteran. (PHOTOGRAPH BY CAROL
LAWRENCE/THE COLORADO SPRINGS GAZETTE, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              155 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                              May 15, 2015 Friday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Credit union must pay $3.2 million;
Jury finds developer was misled by Central One

BYLINE: Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: NEWS; 1

LENGTH: 878 words


WORCESTER - A Worcester Superior Court jury Wednesday awarded the developer of
an abandoned Shrewsbury hotel project more than $3 million after finding that
Central One Federal Credit Union intentionally misled him about the status of a
loan that fell through.

Andrew Surabian, of Shrewsbury, was awarded $3.2 million, court documents show,
a figure his lawyer Thursday said could increase significantly should a judge
find the credit union engaged in unfair or deceptive practices.

"They bit off more than they could chew," Roy A. Bourgeois, Mr. Surabian's
lawyer, said Thursday of the credit union's decision to get involved with the
financing for a Holiday Inn Express his client tried to build.

Shrewsbury Town Meeting voters in 2009 overwhelmingly approved a zoning change
necessary for the hotel, which was slated to be constructed on land Mr. Surabian
owns on Main Street near Interstate 290.

But the project fell apart, his lawyer argued in a September 2011 lawsuit, after
Central One failed to close on an $8 million loan despite repeated assurances
the deal would go through.

Mr. Surabian alleged in court documents that he was approached by the credit
union - which lists its assets at $400 million - shortly after a televised 2009
public hearing.

"(Central One) contacted the plaintiffs to inform (them) that they wanted to
finance the project as part of their enhancing their public image in
Shrewsbury," his lawyer wrote.

Mr. Surabian alleged that the credit union failed to tell him it had "virtually
no prior commercial lending experience," had never made such a large loan and
would need to, under law, contract with other participants to finance the
project.

Central One approved the loan in December 2009, but informed Mr. Surabian in
July 2010 that the closing of the loan would not happen after a separate
participating bank withdrew from the transaction.

"This occurred despite (Central One's) repeated assurances

SEE dispute,  A7

to the plaintiffs that there were never any issues or problems with any
participating credit unions," his lawyer alleged.

Mr. Surabian pegged his damages at $1.2 million, saying that, with Central One's
knowledge, he had refinanced other properties he owned in order to conduct work
at the site in anticipation of receiving the loan.

In court documents, Central One denied liability, saying that Mr. Surabian
didn't meet the conditions of the loan and that it never issued a "signed
commitment letter."

The case was brought to trial May 4, with a jury awarding Mr. Surabian $3.2
million May 13. The jury found Central One did not technically breach its
contract, but that it did intentionally misrepresent or conceal material facts
during the transaction.

The jury found that Central One President and Chief Executive Officer David A.
L'Ecuyer negligently misrepresented facts, but ruled that he did not
intentionally mislead Mr. Surabian.

It ruled that Craig S. Madonia, the credit union's former vice president of
lending, did intentionally misrepresent or conceal facts from Mr. Surabian.

Mr. Madonia - now the vice president of lending for Leominster Credit Union -
did not return a message left at his office Thursday.

Mr. L'Ecuyer said Thursday that Mr. Madonia left of his own accord in 2013. He
said the credit union is disappointed in the jury's ruling, which it intends to
appeal.

"We had approved a loan subject to certain conditions, and those conditions were
not met," he said, adding that his business has always followed proper lending
regulations.

"We've never had a complaint of this stature in our history," he said.

Mr. L'Ecuyer added that the 63-year-old institution has been rated by the
National Credit Union Administration as "well above well-capitalized" when it
comes to financial safety and soundness.

"The final verdict of this lawsuit isn't going to have any bearing on the long
term viability of the credit union," he said.

The credit union's net income for 2014 was $3 million, Mr. L'Ecuyer said.
Principally located at 714 Main St., it has branches in Auburn, Westboro and
Northboro.

Central One could possibly see the judgment against it tripled to more than $9
million. Judge Richard T. Tucker is evaluating whether Mr. Surabian should
prevail on a "93A" claim that alleges unfair or deceptive business practices.

"Where the jury found intentional misrepresentation on the part of Central One
and (Mr. Madonia), I think there's substantial likelihood that the judge will
impose some sanction under that statute," Mr. Bourgeois said. He said Judge
Tucker has a wide range of options, from awarding attorney's fees to doubling or
tripling the $3.2 million jury award.

Mr. Surabian,who grew up in Worcester and graduated from North High, said
Thursday that the 5-acre plot of land is still for sale and that several
entities have expressed interest. His lawyer said a Holiday Inn Express is out
of the question because a license to build the hotel expired after Mr.
Surabian's loan fell through.

"It could be anything (else), it's a great spot," Mr. Surabian said, thanking
the jury for its time on his case.

"I wanted to build that hotel," he said. "It should have happened."


--Brad Petrishen can be reached at brad.petrishen@telegram.com Follow him on
Twitter @BPetrishenTG.


From Page A1

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Facing the climate-change facts

BYLINE: Peter C. Frumhoff and Kerry Emanuel

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 790  words


When it comes to foreign policy, the saying goes that politics stops at the
water's edge.

When it comes to climate science, we say that politics should stop at the
atmosphere's edge.

One of us is a Republican, the other a Democrat. We hold different views on many
issues. But as scientists, we share a deep conviction that leaders of both
parties must speak to the reality and risks of human-caused climate change, and
commit themselves to finding bipartisan solutions.

Scientists have known for more than 100 years that carbon dioxide in our
atmosphere traps heat.

And today we know that the excess carbon dioxide accumulating in the atmosphere
from human activity - primarily, burning coal and oil and clearing forests - is
altering our climate.

It's a conclusion based on established physics and on evidence gathered from
satellite data, ancient ice cores, temperature stations, fossilized trees and
corals. And it's a conclusion affirmed by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences,
established by Abraham Lincoln to advise U.S. leaders on matters of science.

But as scientific understanding of climate change has advanced, the public
discourse has split along partisan lines.

Republicans who identify with the Tea Party are particularly likely to deny the
reality of global warming. Several of this year's aspiring presidential
candidates are rejecting the findings of climate science - and feeling the
political heat if they don't.

After former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney reiterated his understanding that
human activity is warming the planet, Rush Limbaugh denounced him for doing so,
saying, "bye-bye nomination." Romney now says that he doesn't know what is
causing climate change.

Texas Gov. Rick Perry recently accused climate scientists of "manipulating
data." In Wednesday's Republican candidate debate, he made an argument like the
one tobacco industry executives used to cast doubt on the scientific evidence of
smoking's health risks, saying, "The idea that we would put Americans' economy
in jeopardy based on scientific theory that's not settled yet to me is just
nonsense." Science is never truly settled and no responsible leader would wait
for 100 per cent certainty to respond to a serious threat.

Making misleading statements about science and picking on scientists is easy.
Most would rather defend their findings in peer-reviewed journals than on cable
TV. A lie can travel halfway around the world before we even get our lab coats
on.

Some Republican politicians, fortunately, are demonstrating a more responsible
way to talk about climate change.

Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman, for example, reaffirmed his acceptance of the
science in a presidential debate last week. And New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie
has also been speaking up for climate science, even as he has backed away from
taking action.

"When you have over 90 per cent of the world's scientists who have studied this
stating that climate change is occurring and humans play a contributing role,
it's time to defer to the experts," Christie said last month.

The right rebuked Christie for recognizing the reality of climate change. And
the left lambasted him for using the same speech to pull out of a regional pact
to curb emissions.

We question Christie's policy decision. But we commend him for acknowledging the
reality of climate change, and for providing New Jersey voters a chance to
decide whether they agree with his policy choice. That's how our democracy
should work.

Republicans skeptical about climate policy should follow Christie's and
Huntsman's lead and realize that they don't need to misrepresent the science.

And Democrats must speak out as well.

Candidate Barack Obama spoke forcefully about global warming, but has been far
too quiet as president. In a rare public statement on climate, he recently told
two "kid reporters" with Scholastic News that climate change is one of the chief
challenges their generation will face.

That's not enough. Science tells us that the extent and severity of climate
change faced by our children's generation will be determined by the hard choices
we must make today. Political leadership is about ensuring that we adults face
up to this task.

We cannot afford to have those leading our nation misrepresent, or be silent
about, the reality and risks of climate change.

Whoever wins the next election will lead a nation increasingly affected by
climate change, command a Pentagon that calls climate change a national security
threat, and preside over federal scientists already working to help states and
cities prepare for climate change impacts.

It is time for leaders of both parties to take seriously what science tells us
we are doing to our common atmosphere, so we can take up the urgent task of
finding solutions.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Atop roughly three kilometres of ice, technician Marie McLane launches
a data-transmitting weather balloon at Summit Station, a remote research site
operated by the U.S. National Science Foundation, and situated 3,200 metres
above sea level, on top of the Greenland ice sheet. Climate scientists
overwhelmingly agree that human-made greenhouse gases are warming the planet,
accelerating the melt of Greenland's ice, and yet resistance to the idea appears
to have hardened among many North Americans. Brennan Linsley, The Associated
Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Moderate Muslims 'cannot remain silent'

                            August 1, 2002 Thursday


THE editor of Singapore's only Malay-language newspaper last night made an
impassioned call for moderate Muslims to stand up and be counted, so as not to
yield ground to the minority group of radical Muslims who misrepresent the
religion.

Berita Harian editor Guntor Sadali said it would be a tragedy if Islam were to
be hurt by Muslims who misrepresent the religion with their narrow and rigid
interpretation of the religion and, in the process, tarnish its tolerant image.

He was referring to dramatic events in the past year, such as the terrorist
strikes on the World Trade Center in New York and the uncovering of a terrorist
plot involving 13 Muslims here.

These events have thrust Malays into the spotlight and have been linked to the
global trend of Islamic revivalism, raising concerns among non-Muslims here, he
said.

The concerns, he added, grew when hudud criminal laws were passed recently in
Terengganu, which prescribed penalties such as amputation, whipping and stoning.
The state is controlled by the fundamentalist Parti Islam SeMalaysia.

Speaking to a mix of Malay and non-Malay community and business leaders at the
Berita Harian Achiever of the Year award presentation, Mr Guntor said moderate
Muslims also share these concerns.

'We are concerned that Islam would be misunderstood by non-Muslims through the
wrong deeds and behaviour of their very own Muslim brothers, who are in a
minority.'

To prevent this, it is very critical that moderate Muslims make their voices
heard, he argued. 'We cannot remain silent and keep a low profile, and allow
radical voices to set the tone and agenda. It must be the other way around.'

He said being moderate did not mean sacrificing principles. It simply means
taking into account the changing environment and being mindful of other people's
needs.

He reminded Muslims that Islam is flexible enough to allow for adjustments, even
on fundamental issues such as prayer and fasting. For instance, pork is halal in
emergencies.

SECTION: SINGAPORE

LENGTH: 334 words

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              158 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 21, 2009 Saturday

Your Turn: Israel-Iran missile cartoon misrepresents facts

BYLINE: By Rev. Theolinda Knight Guest commentary

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 83 words


A recent cartoon by Monte Wolverton, showing a missile face-off between Israel
and Iran, seriously misrepresents the true state of affairs. It needs to be
redrafted as follows:

1. Iran should have only a half-dozen missiles, that should be labeled "out of
order."

2. Half the Israeli missiles should be labelled "Made in USA."

That would give a much better idea of why Israel might attack Iran
overwhelming military strength and unlimited support from the United States.

Knight is a Berkeley resident.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                          November 30, 1996, Saturday

BEANLAND HITS OUT AT HUMAN RIGHTS CHIEF

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: METCALF F

LENGTH: 587 words


KEYWORD-HIT

Beanland hits

out at human

rights chief

By FRAN METCALF THE head of Queensland's Human Rights and Equal

Opportunity Commission John Briton was yesterday accused of

orchestrating a political campaign to misrepresent the State Gover

nment.

Attorney-General and Justice Minister Denver Beanland told State

Parliament Mr Briton had been ""running around the state" spreading

misinformation that the new anti-discrim

ination commission in Queensland could not be truly

independent.

The State Government is planning to set up its own commission after

negotiations with the Commonwealth broke down over funding for the

HREOC.

Mr Beanland said several community groups had been concerned by the

""baseless campaign".

""These people have been led astray by a blatantly political

campaign sought to misrepresent the Government's position," he

said.

""I regret to advise the House the campaign has been orchestrated

by the commissioner of the current commission, Mr John Briton, a

Commonwealth Government employee."

Mr Beanland said Mr Briton was ""far from independent" and had

been appointed after a ""factional deal" within the Labor Party.

""He was appointed to his current job in early 1995 after

working in similar roles in Victoria until June 1994," he said.

""It has just come to my knowledge that prior to his appointment Mr

Briton was employed in the ministerial office of the then

Attorney-General Mr (Dean) Wells in the later half of 1994, prior to

his being appointed to this independent position of anti-discrimination

commis

sioner.

""One could well ask, was this a factional job pay-off?"

Mr Beanland said form letters were being distributed throughout the

state in the campaign against the Government.

He said one letter was from former Labor Party state president Ian

McLean, who also was secretary of Queensland telecommunications union.

""What we have is a blatant campaign being waged around the state,

with form letters promoting fear and conspiracy _ something this Labor

Party is guilty of time and time again," Mr Beanland said.

He said Opposition concerns that the new commission would not be

able to independently

assess claims, such as the wrongful dismissal case of former Goss

government public servant Jacki Byrne, could well be asked of Mr

Briton.

""One has to ask, could Mr Briton give independent consideration to

Ms Byrne's claims in view of his past history and background?" Mr

Beanland said.

Mr Briton could not be contacted for comment yesterday, but

Opposition justice spokesman Matt Foley said it was out of order and an

abuse of power for Mr Beanland to be commenting on a case before the

commission.

Outside Parliament, Mr Foley said the new commission would be a

""tame tiger".

""The commission and tribunal members will have to look over their

shoulder because they could be sacked without reason or right of appeal

under the Borbidge Government's new Public Service Act," he said.

""The lack of independence is heightened by locating the new body

in the State Law Building and appointing an interim commissioner who is

a public servant."

Mr Foley said Mr Beanland's attack on Mr Briton was ""disgraceful

and vitriolic".

""People with complaints of discrimination against State Government

authorities such as schools, police or transport bodies will be obliged

to lodge their complaints with a commission under the thumb of the

State Government rather than a truly independent commission," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              160 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Fairlife misrepresents milk shake pushes a consumer

LENGTH: 207  words


Paulette Kremmel, individually and for all others similarly situated, filed a
class action lawsuit March 30 in U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of Illinois against fairlife LLC, alleging unjust enrichment and violations of
Illinois common law and the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Practices Act.
This Illinois woman is suing a milk company, alleging it misrepresents certain
of its products.

However, the lawsuit states, the product contain sucralose and acesulfame
potassium, which are synthetic sweeteners and potential carcinogens. The suit
alleges fairlife represents that its Core Power-brand high protein milk shake
contains "natural ingredients."

They are represented by attorneys Matthew H. Armstrong of Armstrong Law Firm in
St. Louis, David C. Nelson of Nelson & Nelson, Attorneys at Law in Belleville,
Illinois, and Stuart L. Cochran of Cochran Law in Dallas. The defendant
transferred the case to federal court because the class consists of more than
100 plaintiffs, there is minimal diversity among parties, and the amount in
controversy exceeds $5 million.

Kremmel and others in the class seek compensatory damages or disgorgement and
restitution, interests, attorney fees and costs. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   MARCH 16, 1996 Saturday PENINSULA EDITION

VIEWS ON CANDIDATES IN ALAMEDA AND SAN MATEO COUNTY RACES

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 529 words


I T'S election time and some people are wondering who is the best qualified
person to fill the position of Supervisor for Alameda County. There is no
question in my mind, it is without a doubt Ken Mercer.

I remember when there was no Stoneridge Mall, no Hacienda Business Park, no
sports park, no senior center, no new library, and I could go on and on listing
the numerous well-planned and executed things he has done to help make
Pleasanton the beautiful city it is and such a wonderful place to live. It
didn't just happen!

Ken knows the problems facing Alameda County, and he is willing to devote his
time and talents to solving them. He doesn't do things half way - he finishes
the job. He is not afraid to speak his mind, and he's usually right. Ken has
proven his negotiating talents, his honesty and his ability to get along with
people. He will give Alameda County the same dedicated service he has given
Pleasanton.

- Shelley Despotakis
Livermore
I am appalled that the Mercury News editorial board has decided to endorse Scott
Haggerty for the Alameda County Board of Supervisors (Opinion, March 7).

Haggerty has stated in televised candidate debates that he is opposed to
affirmative action which he misrepresents as quotas. He is the only candidate
for this office who wants to end efforts to open jobs, business and education
options for ethnic minorities and women, people who have historically been shut
out of opportunities to compete on an equal basis with white males.

Given your efforts to inform and engage the public in deliberations about
affirmative action, I cannot understand how you can support a candidate who
opposes these programs and misrepresents them in public discourse.

- Doug Ford
Fremont
I N your editorial on the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors (Opinion, March
7), you state that the current board is keeping the "social safety net" in
place. Perhaps they are doing so at the expense of the working citizens of this
county. The waste of tax money in this county is shocking. Many citizens of the
county may be unaware of this because newspapers like yours have failed to
inform citizens how money is being spent.

I agree with Janet Fogarty that it is a waste for the county to spend $100
million on a hospital when hospitals are closing. How are they going to staff
this hospital in light of the current deficit?

- Rinnah Grenall
Millbrae
I am recommending a vote for Mary Griffin on March 26. I believe she is one of
the best, if not the best, San Mateo County supervisors we have had in 30 years.

When you are endorsed by about every leading politician and official in the
county, it is not because you are a great lady, which she is, or have a great
voice, which she has, it is because of the one word - respect.

What she seems to have mastered over her nine years as supervisor is how county
government works. This county is unique because it sits between the two major
cities of Northern California. It takes a wise and strong person to stand up
against the external forces that would like to influence our local affairs. Mary
Griffin has the right stuff.

- John W. Keast
Foster City

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Opinion

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Rhode Island: S 2161 SUBSTITUTE A

LENGTH: 2601  words

DATELINE: Providence


Office of the Legislature, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
press release:

A N A C T

RELATING TO MOTOR VEHICLES OPERATOR LICENSES - VETERANS

Introduced By: Senators Felag, Pichardo, Lanzi, P Fogarty, and Metts

Date Introduced: January 18, 2012

Referred To: Senate Special Legislation and Veterans Affairs

It is enacted by the General Assembly as follows:

1-1


SECTION 1. Sections 3-8-6 and 3-8-6.1 of the General Laws in Chapter 3-8
entitled

1-2


"Regulation of Sales" are hereby amended to read as follows:

1-3


3-8-6. Unlawful drinking and misrepresentation by underage persons --

1-4


Identification cards for persons twenty-one and older. -- (a) It is unlawful
for:

1-5


(1) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
enter any

1-6


premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic beverages for the purpose of
purchasing or

1-7


having served or delivered to him or her alcoholic beverages; or

1-8


(2) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
consume any

1-9


alcoholic beverage on premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic
beverages or to purchase,

1-10


attempt to purchase, or have another purchase for him or her any alcoholic
beverage; or

1-11


(3) A person to misrepresent or misstate his or her age, or the age of any other
persons, or

1-12


to misrepresent his or her age through the presentation of any of the following
documents:

1-13


(i) An armed service identification card, valid passport, the identification
card license, or

1-14


any other documentation used for identification purposes that may belong to any
other person

1-15


who is twenty-one (21) years or older;

1-16


(ii) A motor vehicle operator's license which bears the date of birth of the
licensee, and

1-17


which is issued by this state or any other state;

1-18


(iii) A Rhode Island identification card as defined in subsection (b) for the
purpose of

1-19


inducing any licensee or any employee of any licensee, to sell, serve or deliver
any alcoholic

1-20


beverage to a minor.

2-1


(b) (1) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any
person who

2-2


has reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday a Rhode Island
identification card upon

2-3


payment of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25), and, upon presentation of a
certified birth or

2-4


baptismal certificate, or U.S. or foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization
certificate or a valid

2-5


immigrant or refugee document issued by the United States immigration and
naturalization

2-6


service, including, but not limited to, any one of the following: Form I-551,
Form I-94, Form I-

2-7


688A, and Form I-688, together with a document bearing the applicant's
signature.

2-8


(2) A person who has reached his or her fifty ninth (59th) birthday is not
required to pay

2-9


the fee.

2-10


(3) Each registration card shall be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon
payment

2-11


of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25).

2-12


(4) No person who holds an operator's license issued by this state or any other
state shall

2-13


be issued a Rhode Island identification card.

2-14


(5) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of the division
of motor

2-15


vehicles and by the applicant and his or her picture shall appear on the card
along with the

2-16


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

2-17


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

2-18


RHODE ISLAND IDENTIFICATION CARD

2-19


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

2-20


First Name Middle Name Last Name

2-21


................................................................................
............................

2-22


Address
................................................................................
.................

2-23


BIRTH RECORD

2-24


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

2-25


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

2-26


Photo of hair of eyes

2-27


by Pasting

2-28


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

2-29


Issued by

2-30


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

2-31


................................................................................
............................

2-32


................................................................................
............................

2-33


Administrator

3-34


(6) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institutions if they

3-35


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

3-36


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

3-37


solicitation of bids.

3-38


(7) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

3-39


section3-8-6.1 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

3-40


(8) Any person who has been designated as permanently and totally disabled by
the social

3-41


security administration or who upon certification by an optometrist,
ophthalmologist or physician

3-42


that a holder of a valid and current motor vehicle operator's license is no
longer able to operate a

3-43


motor vehicle, the administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue
to such person, upon

3-44


request, a Rhode Island identification card for the unexpired term of such
person's motor vehicle

3-45


operator's license at no additional cost. Thereafter, a renewal of such card
shall be subject to the

3-46


standard renewal charge of twenty-five dollars ($25) until such person shall
reach his or her fifty-

3-47


ninth (59th) birthday.

3-48


(9) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of a

3-49


United States Department of Defense (DD) FORM 214 and verification of an
honorable

3-50


discharge, issue an identification card to the presenter which is clearly marked
"veteran", at no

3-51


additional cost.

3-52


(c) (1) Every retail Class A, B, C, and D licensee shall cause to be kept a book
or

3-53


photographic reproduction equipment which provides the same information as
required by the

3-54


book. That licensee and/or the licensee's employee shall require any person who
has shown a

3-55


document as set forth in this section substantiating his or her age to sign that
book or to permit the

3-56


taking of his or her photograph and indicate what document was presented. Use of
the

3-57


photographic reproduction equipment is voluntary for every Class A, B, C and D
licensee.

3-58


(2) The sign-in as minor book and photographic reproduction equipment shall be

3-59


prescribed, published, and approved at the direction and control of the
division. The book shall

3-60


contain at least four hundred (400) pages, shall be uniform throughout the
state, and shall be

3-61


distributed at a cost not to exceed seven dollars ($7.00).

3-62


(3) If a person whose age is in question signs the sign-in as minor book or has
a

3-63


photograph taken before he or she is sold any alcoholic beverage and it is later
determined that

3-64


the person had not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday at the time
of sale, it is

3-65


considered prima facie evidence that the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or
servant acted in

3-66


good faith in selling any alcoholic beverage to the person producing the
document as set forth in

3-67


this section misrepresenting his or her age.

4-68


(4) Proof of good faith reliance on any misrepresentation is a defense to the
prosecution

4-69


of the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or servant for an alleged violation
of this section.

4-70


(d) (1) Any person who violates this section shall be punished for the first
offense by a

4-71


mandatory fine of not less than one hundred dollars ($100) nor more than five
hundred dollars

4-72


($500) and shall be further punished by thirty (30) hours of community service
and shall be

4-73


further punished by a suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license
or driving

4-74


privileges for a period of thirty (30) days; for the second offense by a
mandatory fine of not less

4-75


than five hundred dollars ($500) nor more than seven hundred fifty dollars
($750) and shall be

4-76


further punished by forty (40) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-77


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of three

4-78


(3) months; and for the third and subsequent offenses by a mandatory fine for
each offense of not

4-79


less than seven hundred fifty dollars ($750) nor more than one thousand dollars
($1,000) and shall

4-80


be further punished by fifty (50) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-81


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of one

4-82


year.

4-83


(2) Any suspension of an operator's license or driving privilege pursuant to
this section

4-84


shall not operate to affect the insurance rating of the offender and any
operator's license or

4-85


driving privilege suspended pursuant to this section shall be reinstated without
further expense

4-86


upon application.

4-87


(e) Within thirty (30) days after this incident the police chief of the city or
town where

4-88


the incident took place is directed to inform, in writing, the department of
business regulation

4-89


whether or not charges in accordance with this section have been preferred
against a person who

4-90


has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday and has violated this
section. If no charge is

4-91


brought against any person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st)
birthday and has

4-92


violated the provisions of this section, then the police chief of the city or
town where the incident

4-93


took place will state the reason for his or her failure to charge the person who
has not reached his

4-94


or her twenty-first (21st) birthday.

4-95


(f) The Rhode Island identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just
cause, at

4-96


the discretion of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The
administrator of the

4-97


division of motor vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card
shall contain an

4-98


identification number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was
issued.

4-99


3-8-6.1. Identification cards for persons under the age of 21. -- (a) (1) The

4-100


administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any person upon
request, who is

4-101


under twenty-one (21) years of age, an identification card upon payment of a fee
of twenty-five

4-102


dollars ($25.00), and, upon presentation of a certified birth or baptismal
certificate, or U.S. or

5-1


foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization certificate, or a valid immigrant or
refugee document

5-2


issued by the United States immigration and naturalization service including,
but not limited to,

5-3


any one of the following: Form I-551, Form I-94, Form I-688A, and Form I-688,
together with a

5-4


document bearing the applicant's signature. No person who holds an operator's
license, issued by

5-5


this state or any other state, shall be issued an identification card. (2) The
identification card shall

5-6


be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon the payment of a fee of
twenty-five dollars

5-7


($25.00). (3) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of
the division of motor

5-8


vehicles and also by the applicant, and his or her picture shall appear on the
card along with the

5-9


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

5-10


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

5-11


IDENTIFICATION CARD

5-12


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

5-13


First Name Middle Name Last Name

5-14


................................................................................
............................

5-15


Address
................................................................................
.................

5-16


BIRTH RECORD

5-17


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

5-18


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

5-19


Photo of hair of eyes

5-20


by Pasting

5-21


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

5-22


Issued by

5-23


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

5-24


................................................................................
............................

5-25


................................................................................
............................

5-26


Administrator

5-27


(4) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institution if they

5-28


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

5-29


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

5-30


solicitation of bids.

5-31


(5) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

5-32


section 3-8-6 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

5-33


(b) The identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just cause, at the
discretion

5-34


of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The administrator of the
division of motor

6-1


vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card shall contain an
identification

6-2


number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was issued.

6-3


(c) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of a

6-4


United States Department of Defense (DD) FORM 214 and verification of an
honorable

6-5


discharge, issue an identification card to the presenter which is clearly marked
"veteran", at no

6-6


additional cost.

6-7


SECTION 2. Chapter 31-10 of the General Laws entitled "Operators' and
Chauffeurs'

6-8


Licenses" is hereby amended by adding thereto the following section:

6-9


31-10-48. Veteran designation on operator license. - The administrator of the
division

6-10


of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation of a United States Department of
Defense (DD) FORM

6-11


214 and verification of an honorable discharge, issue a motor vehicle operator's
license or

6-12


commercial driver's license to the presenter which is clearly marked "veteran".

6-13


SECTION 3. Section 31-10-31 of the General Laws in Chapter 31-10 entitled
"Operators'

6-14


and Chauffeurs' Licenses" is hereby amended to read as follows:

6-15


31-10-31. Fees. -- The following fees shall be paid to the division of motor
vehicles:

6-16


(1) For every operator's first license to operate a motor vehicle, twenty-five
dollars

6-17


($25.00);

6-18


(2) For every chauffeur's first license, twenty-five dollars ($25.00); provided,
that when

6-19


a Rhode Island licensed operator transfers to a chauffeur's license, the fee for
the transfer shall be

6-20


two dollars ($2.00);

6-21


(3) For every learner's permit to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-22


(4) For every operator's first license to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five
dollars

6-23


($25.00);

6-24


(5) For every renewal of an operator's or chauffeur's license, thirty dollars
($30.00); with

6-25


the exception of any person seventy-five (75) years of age or older for whom the
renewal fee will

6-26


be eight dollars ($8.00);

6-27


(6) For every duplicate operator's or chauffeur's license, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-28


(7) For every certified copy of any license, permit, or application issued under
this

6-29


chapter, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-30


(8) For every duplicate instruction permit, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-31


(9) For every first license examination, five dollars ($5.00);

6-32


(10) For every routine information update, i.e., name change or address change,
five

6-33


dollars ($5.00).;

7-34


(11) For surrender of an out-of-state license, in addition to the above fees,
five dollars

7-35


($5.00).

7-36


SECTION 4. This act shall take effect upon passage.

For further information please visit: http://webserver.rilin.state.ri.us/

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Rhode Island: S 2161 SUBSTITUTE A AS AMENDED

LENGTH: 2629  words

DATELINE: Providence


Office of the Legislature, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
press release:

A N A C T

RELATING TO MOTOR VEHICLES OPERATOR LICENSES - VETERANS

Introduced By: Senators Felag, Pichardo, Lanzi, P Fogarty, and Metts

Date Introduced: January 18, 2012

Referred To: Senate Special Legislation and Veterans Affairs

It is enacted by the General Assembly as follows:

1-1


SECTION 1. Sections 3-8-6 and 3-8-6.1 of the General Laws in Chapter 3-8
entitled

1-2


"Regulation of Sales" are hereby amended to read as follows:

1-3


3-8-6. Unlawful drinking and misrepresentation by underage persons --

1-4


Identification cards for persons twenty-one and older. -- (a) It is unlawful
for:

1-5


(1) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
enter any

1-6


premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic beverages for the purpose of
purchasing or

1-7


having served or delivered to him or her alcoholic beverages; or

1-8


(2) A person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday to
consume any

1-9


alcoholic beverage on premises licensed for the retail sale of alcoholic
beverages or to purchase,

1-10


attempt to purchase, or have another purchase for him or her any alcoholic
beverage; or

1-11


(3) A person to misrepresent or misstate his or her age, or the age of any other
persons, or

1-12


to misrepresent his or her age through the presentation of any of the following
documents:

1-13


(i) An armed service identification card, valid passport, the identification
card license, or

1-14


any other documentation used for identification purposes that may belong to any
other person

1-15


who is twenty-one (21) years or older;

1-16


(ii) A motor vehicle operator's license which bears the date of birth of the
licensee, and

1-17


which is issued by this state or any other state;

1-18


(iii) A Rhode Island identification card as defined in subsection (b) for the
purpose of

1-19


inducing any licensee or any employee of any licensee, to sell, serve or deliver
any alcoholic

1-20


beverage to a minor.

2-1


(b) (1) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any
person who

2-2


has reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday a Rhode Island
identification card upon

2-3


payment of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25), and, upon presentation of a
certified birth or

2-4


baptismal certificate, or U.S. or foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization
certificate or a valid

2-5


immigrant or refugee document issued by the United States immigration and
naturalization

2-6


service, including, but not limited to, any one of the following: Form I-551,
Form I-94, Form I-

2-7


688A, and Form I-688, together with a document bearing the applicant's
signature.

2-8


(2) A person who has reached his or her fifty ninth (59th) birthday is not
required to pay

2-9


the fee.

2-10


(3) Each registration card shall be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon
payment

2-11


of a fee of twenty-five dollars ($25).

2-12


(4) No person who holds an operator's license issued by this state or any other
state shall

2-13


be issued a Rhode Island identification card.

2-14


(5) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of the division
of motor

2-15


vehicles and by the applicant and his or her picture shall appear on the card
along with the

2-16


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

2-17


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

2-18


RHODE ISLAND IDENTIFICATION CARD

2-19


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

2-20


First Name Middle Name Last Name

2-21


................................................................................
............................

2-22


Address
................................................................................
.................

2-23


BIRTH RECORD

2-24


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

2-25


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

2-26


Photo of hair of eyes

2-27


by Pasting

2-28


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

2-29


Issued by

2-30


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

2-31


................................................................................
............................

2-32


................................................................................
............................

2-33


Administrator

3-34


(6) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institutions if they

3-35


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

3-36


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

3-37


solicitation of bids.

3-38


(7) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

3-39


section3-8-6.1 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

3-40


(8) Any person who has been designated as permanently and totally disabled by
the social

3-41


security administration or who upon certification by an optometrist,
ophthalmologist or physician

3-42


that a holder of a valid and current motor vehicle operator's license is no
longer able to operate a

3-43


motor vehicle, the administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue
to such person, upon

3-44


request, a Rhode Island identification card for the unexpired term of such
person's motor vehicle

3-45


operator's license at no additional cost. Thereafter, a renewal of such card
shall be subject to the

3-46


standard renewal charge of twenty-five dollars ($25) until such person shall
reach his or her fifty-

3-47


ninth (59th) birthday.

3-48


(9) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of a

3-49


United States Department of Defense (DD) FORM 214 or other acceptable
documentation of

3-50


military service and verification of an honorable discharge, issue an
identification card to the

3-51


presenter which is clearly marked "veteran", at no additional cost.

3-52


(c) (1) Every retail Class A, B, C, and D licensee shall cause to be kept a book
or

3-53


photographic reproduction equipment which provides the same information as
required by the

3-54


book. That licensee and/or the licensee's employee shall require any person who
has shown a

3-55


document as set forth in this section substantiating his or her age to sign that
book or to permit the

3-56


taking of his or her photograph and indicate what document was presented. Use of
the

3-57


photographic reproduction equipment is voluntary for every Class A, B, C and D
licensee.

3-58


(2) The sign-in as minor book and photographic reproduction equipment shall be

3-59


prescribed, published, and approved at the direction and control of the
division. The book shall

3-60


contain at least four hundred (400) pages, shall be uniform throughout the
state, and shall be

3-61


distributed at a cost not to exceed seven dollars ($7.00).

3-62


(3) If a person whose age is in question signs the sign-in as minor book or has
a

3-63


photograph taken before he or she is sold any alcoholic beverage and it is later
determined that

3-64


the person had not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday at the time
of sale, it is

3-65


considered prima facie evidence that the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or
servant acted in

3-66


good faith in selling any alcoholic beverage to the person producing the
document as set forth in

3-67


this section misrepresenting his or her age.

4-68


(4) Proof of good faith reliance on any misrepresentation is a defense to the
prosecution

4-69


of the licensee and/or the licensee's agent or servant for an alleged violation
of this section.

4-70


(d) (1) Any person who violates this section shall be punished for the first
offense by a

4-71


mandatory fine of not less than one hundred dollars ($100) nor more than five
hundred dollars

4-72


($500) and shall be further punished by thirty (30) hours of community service
and shall be

4-73


further punished by a suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license
or driving

4-74


privileges for a period of thirty (30) days; for the second offense by a
mandatory fine of not less

4-75


than five hundred dollars ($500) nor more than seven hundred fifty dollars
($750) and shall be

4-76


further punished by forty (40) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-77


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of three

4-78


(3) months; and for the third and subsequent offenses by a mandatory fine for
each offense of not

4-79


less than seven hundred fifty dollars ($750) nor more than one thousand dollars
($1,000) and shall

4-80


be further punished by fifty (50) hours of community service and will be further
punished by a

4-81


suspension of his or her motor vehicle operator's license or driving privileges
for a period of one

4-82


year.

4-83


(2) Any suspension of an operator's license or driving privilege pursuant to
this section

4-84


shall not operate to affect the insurance rating of the offender and any
operator's license or

4-85


driving privilege suspended pursuant to this section shall be reinstated without
further expense

4-86


upon application.

4-87


(e) Within thirty (30) days after this incident the police chief of the city or
town where

4-88


the incident took place is directed to inform, in writing, the department of
business regulation

4-89


whether or not charges in accordance with this section have been preferred
against a person who

4-90


has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st) birthday and has violated this
section. If no charge is

4-91


brought against any person who has not reached his or her twenty-first (21st)
birthday and has

4-92


violated the provisions of this section, then the police chief of the city or
town where the incident

4-93


took place will state the reason for his or her failure to charge the person who
has not reached his

4-94


or her twenty-first (21st) birthday.

4-95


(f) The Rhode Island identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just
cause, at

4-96


the discretion of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The
administrator of the

4-97


division of motor vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card
shall contain an

4-98


identification number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was
issued.

4-99


3-8-6.1. Identification cards for persons under the age of 21. -- (a) (1) The

4-100


administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall issue to any person upon
request, who is

4-101


under twenty-one (21) years of age, an identification card upon payment of a fee
of twenty-five

4-102


dollars ($25.00), and, upon presentation of a certified birth or baptismal
certificate, or U.S. or

5-1


foreign passport, or U.S. naturalization certificate, or a valid immigrant or
refugee document

5-2


issued by the United States immigration and naturalization service including,
but not limited to,

5-3


any one of the following: Form I-551, Form I-94, Form I-688A, and Form I-688,
together with a

5-4


document bearing the applicant's signature. No person who holds an operator's
license, issued by

5-5


this state or any other state, shall be issued an identification card. (2) The
identification card shall

5-6


be subject to renewal every five (5) years upon the payment of a fee of
twenty-five dollars

5-7


($25.00). (3) The identification card shall be signed by the administrator of
the division of motor

5-8


vehicles and also by the applicant, and his or her picture shall appear on the
card along with the

5-9


required information and the card shall be encased in laminated plastic. The
card shall be two

5-10


inches (2") in height and four inches (4") in length and shall be printed in the
following form:

5-11


IDENTIFICATION CARD

5-12


Date Issued
.........................................................................No.....
............

5-13


First Name Middle Name Last Name

5-14


................................................................................
............................

5-15


Address
................................................................................
.................

5-16


BIRTH RECORD

5-17


Month ................................................................. Day
.........Year ............

5-18


Secure Color Color Sex Ht. Wt.

5-19


Photo of hair of eyes

5-20


by Pasting

5-21


here ............ ............ ...... ...... ......

5-22


Issued by

5-23


Administrator of the Division of Motor Vehicles

5-24


................................................................................
............................

5-25


................................................................................
............................

5-26


Administrator

5-27


(4) The identification cards shall be produced at the adult correctional
institution if they

5-28


have facilities to do so; if the adult correctional institutions have no
facilities to do so, then all

5-29


cards shall be manufactured by the lowest responsible bidder following
advertisement for the

5-30


solicitation of bids.

5-31


(5) The identification cards shall be clearly distinguishable from those issued
pursuant to

5-32


section 3-8-6 and operators' and chauffeurs' licenses issued pursuant to title
31.

5-33


(b) The identification card may be withdrawn at any time for just cause, at the
discretion

5-34


of the administrator of the division of motor vehicles. The administrator of the
division of motor

6-1


vehicles shall keep a record of the cards issued and each card shall contain an
identification

6-2


number specifically assigned to the person to whom the card was issued.

6-3


(c) The administrator of the division of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation
of a

6-4


United States Department of Defense (DD) FORM 214 or other acceptable
documentation of

6-5


military service and verification of an honorable discharge, issue an
identification card to the

6-6


presenter which is clearly marked "veteran", at no additional cost.

6-7


SECTION 2. Chapter 31-10 of the General Laws entitled "Operators' and
Chauffeurs'

6-8


Licenses" is hereby amended by adding thereto the following section:

6-9


31-10-48. Veteran designation on operator license. - The administrator of the
division

6-10


of motor vehicles shall, upon presentation of a United States Department of
Defense (DD) FORM

6-11


214 or other acceptable documentation of military service and verification of an
honorable

6-12


discharge, issue a motor vehicle operator's license or commercial driver's
license to the presenter

6-13


which is clearly marked "veteran".

6-14


SECTION 3. Section 31-10-31 of the General Laws in Chapter 31-10 entitled
"Operators'

6-15


and Chauffeurs' Licenses" is hereby amended to read as follows:

6-16


31-10-31. Fees. -- The following fees shall be paid to the division of motor
vehicles:

6-17


(1) For every operator's first license to operate a motor vehicle, twenty-five
dollars

6-18


($25.00);

6-19


(2) For every chauffeur's first license, twenty-five dollars ($25.00); provided,
that when

6-20


a Rhode Island licensed operator transfers to a chauffeur's license, the fee for
the transfer shall be

6-21


two dollars ($2.00);

6-22


(3) For every learner's permit to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-23


(4) For every operator's first license to operate a motorcycle, twenty-five
dollars

6-24


($25.00);

6-25


(5) For every renewal of an operator's or chauffeur's license, thirty dollars
($30.00); with

6-26


the exception of any person seventy-five (75) years of age or older for whom the
renewal fee will

6-27


be eight dollars ($8.00);

6-28


(6) For every duplicate operator's or chauffeur's license, twenty-five dollars
($25.00);

6-29


(7) For every certified copy of any license, permit, or application issued under
this

6-30


chapter, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-31


(8) For every duplicate instruction permit, ten dollars ($10.00);

6-32


(9) For every first license examination, five dollars ($5.00);

6-33


(10) For every routine information update, i.e., name change or address change,
five

6-34


dollars ($5.00).;

7-1


(11) For surrender of an out-of-state license, in addition to the above fees,
five dollars

7-2


($5.00).

7-3


SECTION 4. This act shall take effect September 1, 2012.

For further information please visit: http://webserver.rilin.state.ri.us/

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 13, 2011 Sunday

Fake name on articles may not hurt West Valley City mayor's political future

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson And Christopher Smart The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 700 words


--

The rise and fall of Winder's 'Richard Burwash'

West Valley City Mayor Mike Winder's articles, written as the fictional
journalist Richard Burwash, were submitted to the Deseret News and KSL.com
through Deseret Connect, a venue for freelance writers to contribute to those
outlets, the Mormon Times and LDS Church News.

Winder said he decided to use the Burwash pen name with Deseret Connect --
without informing editors of his identity -- after he heard Clark Gilbert,
president and CEO of Deseret News, speak about the effort.

Winder said he decided to drop the identity in the spring after Mark Willes, CEO
and president of Deseret Management Corp., told him that Deseret Connect
preferred that its writers not use pen names.

"That's when Richard Burwash disappeared and I created a Deseret Connect account
for 'Mike Winder,' " the mayor said. He told Deseret Connect officials that
Burwash had moved to London, he said.

Gilbert did not respond immediately to a phone call and email on Friday. He told
the News on Thursday that the paper was "highly concerned that someone would
purposely misrepresent himself."

Winder wrote under his own name until Deseret Connect decided to stop accepting
contributions from elected officials, except for occasional op-ed pieces.

The Oquirrh Times published seven articles from Burwash, including three about
Proposition 3, a parks ballot issue that failed. The others were about the
UTOPIA expansion in West Valley City; area schools receiving grants; new stores
and restaurants at Valley Fair Mall; and the announcement by Tom Huynh that he
was running for a seat on the West Valley City Council. The Huynh article ran
without a byline, but Winder acknowledged that he wrote it.

A photo of the St. George town square attributed to R. Burwash was published in
The Salt Lake Tribune on Oct. 27, 2010. The picture was one of several provided
to the paper by Winder, who said it should be credited to Burwash. The Tribune
was unaware of Burwash's identity and has removed the credit from the photo in
its archives.

Pamela Manson Alt Heads:

False identity for news articles may not hurt WVC mayor's political future The
rise and fall of Winder's 'Richard Burwash'

West Valley City Mayor Mike Winder's articles, written as the fictional
journalist Richard Burwash, were submitted to the Deseret News and KSL.com
through Deseret Connect, a venue for freelance writers to contribute to those
outlets, the Mormon Times and LDS Church News.

Winder said he decided to use the Burwash pen name with Deseret Connect --
without informing editors of his identity -- after he heard Clark Gilbert,
president and CEO of Deseret News, speak about the effort.

Winder said he decided to drop the identity in the spring after Mark Willes, CEO
and president of Deseret Management Corp., told him that Deseret Connect
preferred that its writers not use pen names.

"That's when Richard Burwash disappeared and I created a Deseret Connect account
for 'Mike Winder,' " the mayor said. He told Deseret Connect officials that
Burwash had moved to London, he said.

Gilbert did not respond immediately to a phone call and email on Friday. He told
the News on Thursday that the paper was "highly concerned that someone would
purposely misrepresent himself."

Winder wrote under his own name until Deseret Connect decided to stop accepting
contributions from elected officials, except for occasional op-ed pieces.

The Oquirrh Times published seven articles from Burwash, including three about
Proposition 3, a parks ballot issue that failed. The others were about the
UTOPIA expansion in West Valley City; area schools receiving grants; new stores
and restaurants at Valley Fair Mall; and the announcement by Tom Huynh that he
was running for a seat on the West Valley City Council. The Huynh article ran
without a byline, but Winder acknowledged that he wrote it.

A photo of the St. George town square attributed to R. Burwash was published in
The Salt Lake Tribune on Oct. 27, 2010. The picture was one of several provided
to the paper by Winder, who said it should be credited to Burwash. The Tribune
was unaware of Burwash's identity and has removed the credit from the photo in
its archives.

Pamela Manson

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             March 10, 2008 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

REVIEW MISREPRESENTS KITSCH AS ART

BYLINE: Bram Ritchie, Chicago

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 158 words


Dear Editor: Kevin Lynch's article "Casper's art illustrates city's best sites
simply, aptly" was simply one of the worst art reviews I have read in a long
time.

By highlighting Lynn Casper he is doing the real artistic community in Wisconsin
a disservice. There are plenty of people who are trying to move Wisconsin art
"Forward" and they could use attention. Instead it was wasted on Wisconsin's
version of Thomas Kinkade.

If this article was about art therapy and how looking at Casper's pictures helps
the folks in the Oakwood Village Retirement Community, which some of it seemed
to be, then frame it as such. That would have even been interesting perhaps. But
don't misrepresent the article even further as a serious art review. Even the
art coordinator at Oakwood, Denny Geller, admitted some of Casper's work is
"kinda kitschy." Take out the "kinda" and he's got it. Casper is pure kitsch.
It's too bad Geller is more honest than the art critic.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 1, 2013 Friday

Clarification refutes supporting 'facts'

SECTION:

LENGTH: 184 words


James Seabrook (Your Views, Oct. 26) misrepresents some basic facts. First, he
states that the tea party is needed because the U.S. Senate hasn't passed a
budget in four years. Wrong. On March 23 this year it did indeed pass a budget.
Since then, despite multiple requests, House Speaker John Boehner and Oklahoma's
congressional delegation have refused to participate in a joint conference, the
recognized method to reconcile different bills.

Second, Seabrook states the passing of the Affordable Care Act was
â??questionable.â? Not true. It not only passed both houses after months of
debate and was signed by President Obama but it was also confirmed by the
Supreme Court and the 2012 presidential election. Third, he justifies tea party
support of crisis-managed government (shutdowns and debt ceiling threats)
because of the â??factsâ? refuted above.

It's hard to be misunderstood when you misrepresent, by misinformation, the
facts supporting your position.

Steve Ditto, Edmond

On March 23, the U.S. Senate passed a budget on a vote of 50-49. It included a
call for nearly $1 trillion in new tax revenues.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           November 14, 2006 Tuesday

Former Finance Official Faces Arrest

LENGTH: 664 words


By Kim Tong-hyung

Prosecutors Monday requested an arrest warrant for a former senior official at
the Ministry of Finance and Economy, as they continued with their investigation
over suspected irregularities surrounding the sale of Korea Exchange Bank (KEB)
to Lone Star Funds in 2003.

Byeon Yang-ho, a director general at the ministry at the time of the Lone
Star-KEB deal, is facing charges of colluding with former KEB President Lee
Kang-won, now arrested, to misrepresent the bank's financial status and allow
Lone Star to buy it cheaply.

He also allegedly pressured KEB to invest in his private business, the Vogo
Fund, in exchange for lobbying government officials to ease the regulations for
the buyout.

Prosecutors also applied for the arrest of Ha Jong-sun, president of Hyundai
Marine and Fire Insurance, who advised Lone Star on its takeover deal as a
practicing lawyer. Ha, accused of lobbying government officials, including
Byeon, on behalf of Lone Star, is believed to have received over 2 billion won
($2.14 million) from the Dallas-based private equity firm in legal fees.

Meeting with reporters Monday, Chae Dong-wook, a senior prosecutor at the
Supreme Prosecutors' Office, also confirmed that the prosecution will make a
third attempt to detain two Lone Star executives, whom they are accusing of
stock manipulation here, by the end of the week.

The Seoul Central District Court had rejected both previous requests for the
arrest warrants in a one-week-span earlier this month.

Lone Star Funds Vice Chairman Ellis Short and Michael Thomson, the fund's
general counsel, rejected a summons for questioning via e-mail late Sunday,
prosecution officials said.

The two men and Paul Yoo, head of Lone Star Advisors Korea, the fund's Korean
unit, are suspected of manipulating the stock prices of KEB's credit card unit
in 2003, ahead of the bank's merger with it.

"We sent our final request to the Lone Star officials to come to Seoul for
questioning by 10 a.m. today (Monday). We received an e-mail from Mr. Thomson
last night that said they couldn't come," said Chae, who denied recent claims by
Short that Korean prosecutors never sought to question him and went directly for
his arrest. According to Chae, Korean prosecutors have delivered summonses to
Short and Thomson six times since Oct. 24.

"Our summons have been rejected six times now, so it is inevitable for us to get
arrest warrants to effectively continue our probe into Lone Star and KEB," said
Chae.

"We are currently talking with officials at the Justice Ministry and the Foreign
Affairs and Trade Ministry, and are finding legal grounds to back our logic that
the arrest warrants are necessary for us to seek the extradition of the two
Americans," he said.

Investigators since March have been looking into allegations that Lone Star
conspired with KEB's former management and government officials to misrepresent
the bank's financial health, allowing the Texas-based private equity fund to buy
it cheaply in August 2003. KEB merged with its credit card unit, KEB Credit
Service, later that year.

Lone Star acquired a majority stake in KEB for 1.3 trillion won in August 2003.
Earlier this year, Lone Star signed a 6.4 trillion won deal to transfer its
controlling stake to the country's largest lender, Kookmin Bank.

Concluding its investigation into the Lone Star-KEB deal in June, the Board of
Audit and Inspection (BAI) said that government officials and KEB's former
management colluded to downscale the bank's capital adequacy ratio, or the Bank
for International Settlement (BIS) ratio, which helped Lone Star acquire the
bank at a below-market price.

The BIS ratio is a critical measurement of the viability of banks. Banks are
regarded as healthy when the ratio is over 8 percent. At the time of its sale to
Lone Star, KEB's BIS ratio was rated at 6.16 percent. However, the government
audit cleared Lone Star of any wrongdoing.

In Korea, foreign investment funds can only buy banks that are deemed
distressed.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday

Washington company that promised Web hits will reboot its sales tactics

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA


OLYMPIA, July 13 -- The State Of Washington has issued following Press Release:

A Redmond-based seller of e-commerce services agreed to change course after
customers complained the company promised Web hits but struck out, the
Washington Attorney General's Office announced today.

"Visible.net and Captures.com promised small businesses that they'd be 'blown
away' by achieving top Internet search results," Attorney General Rob McKenna
said. "But merchants who paid thousands of dollars hoping to increase sales
found the defendants couldn't always deliver on their promises. Today's
settlement requires Visible.net and Captures.com to accurately represent their
services and will enable us to provide restitution for some customers."

The Attorney General's Office sued Visible.net, which also does business as
Captures.com and WebMarketingSource.com, and owner Gilbert Walker in November
2008.

The defendants sell Web site design, search-optimization and other Internet
marketing services, along with providing e-commerce services to process online
purchases. They promote their business through their Web sites and by
telemarketing. Packages include an initial startup fee of $3,749.99 up to
$9,749.99, plus a monthly fee of $39.99 to $99.99.

When the suit was filed, the Attorney General's Office and Better Business
Bureau had received nearly 90 complaints about the defendants, showing a pattern
of recurring problems since at least 2005. Since then, the Attorney General's
Office has received an additional 70 complaints.

In April 2010, a King County Superior Court judge found the defendants in
violation of the state's telemarketing law. The settlement filed late Wednesday
in King County Superior Court resolves the state's remaining allegations of
consumer protection law violations. The defendants agree to pay $250,000 to the
Attorney General's Office.

Under the settlement, the defendants must not:

* Misrepresent their ability to significantly increase traffic to customer Web
sites by achieving top search-engine rankings.

* Fail to provide refunds or honor cancellation requests.

* Claim to provide around-the-clock customer support, technical advice or
consultations, unless available. The Attorney General's Office believes the
defendants misrepresented customer service representatives could be reached at
any time.

* Fail to register with the Department of Licensing as a commercial telephone
solicitor.

* Charge consumers' credit cards without authorization.

* Misrepresent their affiliation with other marketers.

Senior Counsel Paula Selis, an assistant attorney general who heads up the
Attorney General's Consumer Protection High-Tech Unit, led the investigation.
She said the office expects to retain about $50,000 to reimburse the state's
legal expenses and distribute the remaining $200,000 as restitution for
customers who filed complaints. Eligible customers will be contacted soon by
mail and will receive full or partial refunds after the company has made all
required payments to the state; that could be early 2012.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 CellPoint Inc

                            3380 South Service Road
                               Burlington L7N 3J5
                                     Canada

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (905) 333-4747
FAX: +45 3333 0719
URL: www.cellpoint.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 20

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Prior to the convention, a third party made defamatory remarks against
CellPoint and furthermore tried to misrepresent itself as the owner of the
FlamingoTM technology.  In August, CellPoint AB (publ) acquired all of the
issued and outstanding shares in CellPoint Connect ApS (former known as Blue
Technologies ApS) and this acquired company lawfully owned all of the rights
which subsist in or are otherwise related to the FlamingoTM wireless headset.
One of the sellers of the acquired company, who was also a founder of CellPoint
Connect ApS, has been apparently engaged in a calculated effort to pressure the
CellPoint-group and to otherwise misrepresent and defame the group through the
media and vis-Ã¡-vis the group's business partners. In light of the foregoing
and other information received by CellPoint, CellPoint believes that this person
is furthermore attempting to avoid his contractual commitments to CellPoint AB
(publ) and CellPoint Connect ApS. CellPoint AB (publ) also believes, based upon
information discovered via its own investigation, that this person has taken
certain unlawful measures in an effort to misappropriate CellPoint Connect ApS's
rights and to, among other things, start a directly competitive business in the
United States.  In light of the foregoing activities of this person, a Nevada,
USA, court has awarded CellPoint Connect ApS a Temporary Restraining Order
(court order) whereby the seller in question and Global Blue Technologies, Inc.
have been official

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 4,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              170 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                           October 19, 2013 Saturday

Your views

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 555 words


Questions about high-rises

Who in authority is questioning the system that (1) allowed the Sankey and Major
Byrd high-rises to be constructed without adequate specification standards, (2)
found the specifications adequate but inspections during construction were not,
(3) failed to maintain the high-rises properly during their short lives, or more
than one of the above problems?

How have the construction specifications and maintenance standards for public
housing in Springfield been improved since the ridiculous waste of millions of
public dollars that occurred as a result of the failures of the high-rises?

Jerry Jacobson

Springfield

What happened to wildflowers?

I hate to add to the woes of the state.

It is bad enough that we have a dysfunctional legislature, constitutional
leaders who offer no leadership and budget woes to scare pro-business and
pro-workers alike, but I feel I have to mention this other issue that I have
noticed with my travels over the summer.

Where have all the wildflowers gone? I remember several years of the campaign by
former Illinois first lady Patti Blagojevich of wildflower awareness and
promotion, particularly in the medians and the sides of our public highways and
expressways. I was even given a package of wildflower seeds at the state fair
with Patti's plea to help plant the wildflowers and make the state more
beautiful.

I think we could all learn from such passionate, duty-driven public service. If
everyone from the governor on down could take just a few minutes to consider the
wildflower, our state would be in a healthier state. After all, there is no
bickering partisanship in wildflowers.

I doubt if the seeds would even add too much to our present deficit. Am I alone
in my pining for a simpler, kinder state as envisioned by Patti Blagojevich? I
think not!

Tom Heintzelman

Springfield

Don't misrepresent tea party aims

There must be enormous pressure on a writer such as Kathleen Parker to bang out
a weekly column that will attract readers. In her effort last Tuesday, she makes
an analogy between Michael Corleone, the "cool strategist" who is likened to the
so-called moderate Republicans, and Sonny Corleone, the "hot-head" who is seen
as the tea party activists who are willing to stand on principle, even if it
means defeat.

Parker should have checked her parable. Michael's strategy was to eliminate the
Corleones' competition by having them killed while he stood as godfather at the
baptism of his nephew. If she is right, Democrats should check to see if Speaker
John Boehner is scheduled to be a godfather any time soon. Take cover
immediately!

Can't we dispense with these outlandish comparisons that misrepresent sincere
motivations? The tea party seems to be people who want to stop our jack-booted
march toward complete socialism, currently Obamacare. Unfortunately, too many of
us believe that the rich man is a crook, and therefore evil, and the poor man
has been victimized, and is therefore good.

And the disparity between the two must be set right by a domineering government,
no matter what it takes of our freedom or the wealth each of us has earned. If
tea party tactics seem quixotic, they are consonant with the original tea party,
which, unfortunately, only hastened to bring on our first Revolution. Lord, keep
us from that.

Gary Vitale

Springfield

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                  June 5, 2000

BYLINE: By, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 658 words


10. Resumes: The Truth, Please To the standard written resume, the age of the
Internet has added a new format for job seekers - the e-mail resume. Whether
your resume is written or electronic, though, there are a few e-actions you
should avoid in connection with it: embellishing, exaggerating and embroidering.
Some studies have estimated that up to 30% of job seekers misrepresent
themselves on their resumes. Thanks in part to the anonymity of the Internet,
this percentage may be rising, according to some recruiters and firms hired to
check resumes. The main reason people lie on their resumes is they think most
employers don't check credentials, claims or employment histories, the
recruiters and investigation firm executives say. The liars also rationalize
their actions by saying "everyone is doing it" and telling themselves they need
to level the playing field. Those who feel free to fabricate, however, ought to
beware: The Internet is making it easier and more affordable for employers to
check candidates' resumes early on. "Many employers are getting gun-shy and have
hired firms to check credentials," career guide author and publisher Ronald
Krannich told the online Career Magazine (www.careermag.com). "Applicants (who
lie) should be aware of that, because they're going to get caught." What Not To
Do Where do you draw the line between fabricating facts on your resume and
"sprucing up" or "tailoring" employment details to meet a specific employer's
needs? Anyone who does the following is crossing over the line to lying:
Stretching employment dates to cover up gaps between jobs. "Adjusting" current
salary or compensation history. Changing a job title to make it sound more
important or higher-level - even if the new and improved job title more
accurately describes the work that is done. Claiming accomplishments, skills or
duties that bend the truth. Inflating educational credentials. "It's never
appropriate to lie or misrepresent what you've done," said Karen Lawson, an
executive career coach based in Lansdale, Pa. Dishonesty is abhorred by
employers: A 1997 study of senior executives at Fortune 1000 companies,
conducted by Robert Half International, revealed that honesty and integrity are
the qualities employers consider most important when they interview
otherwise-qualified job applicants. Furthermore, if you're hired and a lie you
told is revealed, you could be fired on the spot. If you're hired and you're
your lie is not discovered, things could be even worse. "If you've really
embellished and you get the job, you've created unrealistic expectations,"
Lawson pointed out. "If you can't produce, you've got a problem." In today's
labor market, with the unemployment rate nearing a 30-year low, people really
have less reason than ever to tell a fib, Lawson says. Employment gaps and
job-hopping aren't the sore spots on resumes they once were. "You need to be
prepared to explain them in an interview," Lawson cautioned, "but you can phrase
your explanation in a positive way, saying you moved on to pursue other
opportunities, for instance." What To Do Other tips for putting your best - and
most honest - foot forward: Highlighting your strengths, using active language.
For example: "Improved sales by 20 percent." Making sure you're prepared to give
concrete examples to back up any claims on your resume. If you claim to have
"launched new products into the marketplace," be ready to say which products you
launched and when. Being consistent. The story you tell in the interview should
be the same story you told on your resume and on your job application. "Be
honest, but don't be stupid," advised Krannich, who's based in Manassas Park,
Va. "A lot of people (confuse) honesty with spilling the beans," he said. Tell
the truth on your resume, and answer honestly when asked about potentially
negative issues, phrasing things as positively as possible. By Linda
Stockman-Vines

LOAD-DATE: June 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2000 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                              172 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                  June 5, 2000

BYLINE: By, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 658 words


10. Resumes: The Truth, Please To the standard written resume, the age of the
Internet has added a new format for job seekers - the e-mail resume. Whether
your resume is written or electronic, though, there are a few e-actions you
should avoid in connection with it: embellishing, exaggerating and embroidering.
Some studies have estimated that up to 30% of job seekers misrepresent
themselves on their resumes. Thanks in part to the anonymity of the Internet,
this percentage may be rising, according to some recruiters and firms hired to
check resumes. The main reason people lie on their resumes is they think most
employers don't check credentials, claims or employment histories, the
recruiters and investigation firm executives say. The liars also rationalize
their actions by saying "everyone is doing it" and telling themselves they need
to level the playing field. Those who feel free to fabricate, however, ought to
beware: The Internet is making it easier and more affordable for employers to
check candidates' resumes early on. "Many employers are getting gun-shy and have
hired firms to check credentials," career guide author and publisher Ronald
Krannich told the online Career Magazine (www.careermag.com). "Applicants (who
lie) should be aware of that, because they're going to get caught." What Not To
Do Where do you draw the line between fabricating facts on your resume and
"sprucing up" or "tailoring" employment details to meet a specific employer's
needs? Anyone who does the following is crossing over the line to lying:
Stretching employment dates to cover up gaps between jobs. "Adjusting" current
salary or compensation history. Changing a job title to make it sound more
important or higher-level - even if the new and improved job title more
accurately describes the work that is done. Claiming accomplishments, skills or
duties that bend the truth. Inflating educational credentials. "It's never
appropriate to lie or misrepresent what you've done," said Karen Lawson, an
executive career coach based in Lansdale, Pa. Dishonesty is abhorred by
employers: A 1997 study of senior executives at Fortune 1000 companies,
conducted by Robert Half International, revealed that honesty and integrity are
the qualities employers consider most important when they interview
otherwise-qualified job applicants. Furthermore, if you're hired and a lie you
told is revealed, you could be fired on the spot. If you're hired and you're
your lie is not discovered, things could be even worse. "If you've really
embellished and you get the job, you've created unrealistic expectations,"
Lawson pointed out. "If you can't produce, you've got a problem." In today's
labor market, with the unemployment rate nearing a 30-year low, people really
have less reason than ever to tell a fib, Lawson says. Employment gaps and
job-hopping aren't the sore spots on resumes they once were. "You need to be
prepared to explain them in an interview," Lawson cautioned, "but you can phrase
your explanation in a positive way, saying you moved on to pursue other
opportunities, for instance." What To Do Other tips for putting your best - and
most honest - foot forward: Highlighting your strengths, using active language.
For example: "Improved sales by 20 percent." Making sure you're prepared to give
concrete examples to back up any claims on your resume. If you claim to have
"launched new products into the marketplace," be ready to say which products you
launched and when. Being consistent. The story you tell in the interview should
be the same story you told on your resume and on your job application. "Be
honest, but don't be stupid," advised Krannich, who's based in Manassas Park,
Va. "A lot of people (confuse) honesty with spilling the beans," he said. Tell
the truth on your resume, and answer honestly when asked about potentially
negative issues, phrasing things as positively as possible. By Linda
Stockman-Vines

LOAD-DATE: June 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2000 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                              173 of 997 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                 April 16, 2014

                       San Joaquin Valley Power Authority

                            4886 East Jensen Avenue
                               Fresno,  CA 93725
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Locally Owned Utilities In California State Sue To Disqualify Proposition 16

   Mar 18, 2010

   A coalition of locally-owned public utilities throughout the California have
filed suit in Sacramento County Superior Court to disqualify Proposition 16 from
the June 8, 2010 statewide ballot for being false and misleading, and for
concealing its true nature and purpose from voters. Proposition 16 is PG&E
Corporation's (PG&E's) attempt to lock in its monopoly in its existing
territories.Even though PG&E spent millions of dollars to qualify the initiative
and has committed to spending tens of millions more on the Proposition 16
campaign, the lawsuit points out that PG&E carefully omitted any mention of its
name in the measure, and concealed that the true nature, purpose and effect of
the initiative would be to protect PG&E from competition from public providers
of electric service.Proposition 16 would make it virtually impossible for public
agencies to provide any energy services to new customers because it would
require supermajority approval (two-thirds of the voters) instead of the current
simple majority votes. If passed, this proposition is also likely to prevent
cities that have public power agencies from extending their distribution systems
to newly-built neighborhoods-or even to one new customer in the future without
going through the expense of seeking authorization from a two-thirds
supermajority of voters. Citing the combination of misrepresentations and
concealment in the text of the PG&E-sponsored initiative that 'misled the
citizens who were induced to sign the petition to qualify it and will mislead
the voters who are asked to adopt it,' the lawsuit was filed by the Sacramento
Municipal Utility District, San Francisco Local Agency Formation Commission,
City and County of San Francisco, City of Moreno Valley, the City of Redding,
the California Municipal Utilities Association, the San Joaquin Valley Power
Authority, the Modesto Irrigation District, and the Merced Irrigation District.
Tom Kimball, assistant general manager of transmission and distribution in
Modesto Irrigation District (MID), said: "Public utilities such as the MID could
be prevented from providing electricity to new customers right next door to
customers we already serve. Not only will Proposition 16 have a negative impact
on public utility operations, it will potentially escalate electric rates for
all consumers as well. It is imperative that ratepayers understand what this
proposition is truly about." The lawsuit focuses on the false and misleading
language in both the initiative and the petition used to qualify it for the
statewide ballot. Among the misinformation cited in the lawsuit: - The intent of
Proposition 16 is to protect PG&E's monopoly over its existing service area, but
the initiative misrepresents that its purpose is to control taxes, borrowing,
and spending. - Proposition 16 conceals the fact that the sole beneficiaries of
the initiative would be the investor-owned utilities such as PG&E and that the
targets of the initiative are any public competitors of these investor-owned
utilities. - The self-entitled 'Taxpayers Right to Vote Act' misrepresents
Proposition 16 as a measure to control taxes and public spending, but the
creation or expansion of public utilities do not have anything to do with taxes.
The initiative is really just an attempt to impose a two-thirds vote requirement
for the creation or expansion of a public utility. - The initiative
misrepresents that Proposition 16 is a measure to control local government
borrowing, which is already controlled by California law, including a two-thirds
voting requirement. - The initiative fails to disclose that Proposition 16 would
effectively eliminate local governments' ability to develop alternatives to
investor-owned utilities, as well as eliminate the ability of citizens to choose
how they receive electricity. Dennis Herrera, city attorney of San Francisco,
said: "The so-called 'Taxpayers Right to Vote Act' doesn't help taxpayers, and
doesn't empower voters-in fact it does the exact opposite. It's
anti-competitive, anti-democratic, and misleading in its entirety. State law
enables courts to remove initiatives that misrepresent and conceal their true
nature and purpose. If our elections laws are to mean anything, the court must
strike this deceptive amendment from the ballot."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014


                              174 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Attorney files criminal complaint against county

BYLINE: Jon Vanderlaan, Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words


Dec. 03--A local attorney has accused Ector County officials of committing
crimes in connection with the fixed base operator (FBO) selection process for
Schlemeyer Airport.

Camden Chancellor, who represented one of FBO candidates in a lawsuit, claims
that some Ector County officials may have committed aggravated perjury, abuse of
official capacity, improper influence and violations of the Texas Government
Code's bidding rules.

Ector County Judge Susan Redford called the complaint "completely absurd," but
she declined comment as did Precinct 3 Commissioner Dale Childers.

After a request for proposals was sent out over the summer from the county, a
staple of local government bids, several aviation companies replied with their
qualifications and what they would do if selected as the next FBO of the county.

Ray Spengler, who Chancellor represented in a civil lawsuit, claimed that he was
not given a chance and that the commissioners' court improperly awarded the bid
ignoring their own specifications set out in the bid.

Spengler and Chancellor filed a lawsuit and Judge Bill McCoy dismissed the suit
on Nov. 13, agreeing with Mike Atkins -- who was the attorney for the county --
that the 358th District Court was not the proper venue for the case to be filed.

Atkins argued that the process was not actually a bid, but instead was a
selection process. A bid is a legal process in Texas in which a request for
proposals is sent out to potential bidders and strict guidelines must be
followed.

The county is saying that the process was not so formal, and instead was a
selection without the rigorous guidelines of a bid.

That's where Chancellor's criminal complaint comes in -- he claims that if the
county was not actually engaged in a bidding process, then any representation
that it was a bid process would have been illegal.

"If Ector County's representations in court are true, then Ector County
fraudulently induced criminal entities to invest capital, time, and economic
position in order to 'bid' on the Ector County RFP under equal and mandatory
conditions, according to the rules issued by Ector County," according to the
letter.

However, Chancellor disagrees with what Atkins said in court, and instead he
said he believes that the process was a bid. In that case, he said Atkins either
made a misstatement in court or was told to misrepresent the process to the
judge.

"It's basically the clients supporting perjury by having their attorney say
something that's materially false," Chancellor said.

The complaint was sent to the Texas Rangers and the Political Corruption
Division of the Texas Attorney General's Office.

Chancellor said he's spoken with the Texas Rangers and the FBI, although an FBI
agent said he wanted to see what the Texas Rangers did first.

Chancellor said if no investigation is conducted, he would be willing to write a
request for an indictment to the grand jury.

"The person who instructed attorney Mike Atkins to misrepresent that the bid was
not intended to be a competitive bid -- whoever instructed him to do that is the
person I believe is officially responsible for perjury if it occurred,"
Chancellor said. "If it's fraud, I'm accusing any county commissioner that knew
this was not intended to be a competitive bid."

Contact Corey Paul on Twitter @OAcrude on Facebook at OA Corey Paul or call
432-333-7768.

___ (c)2014 the Odessa American (Odessa, Texas) Visit the Odessa American
(Odessa, Texas) at www.oaoa.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141203-OD-Attorney-files-criminal-complaint-against-county-1203-20141203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2014 Odessa American


                              175 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             October 6, 2002 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Accusations fly as Senate race heats up;
Dole, Bowles clash over relevance to families, workers

BYLINE: By C.D. Kirkpatrick ckirkpatrick@heraldsun.com; 419-6636

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 917 words


CARY - As they vie for the U.S. Senate, Democrat Erskine Bowles and Republican
Elizabeth Dole have tried to paint themselves as friendly to families and
workers.

The strategy is especially relevant this election in a state that has lost more
manufacturing jobs than any other in the past five years. Higher-paid
blue-collar manufacturing jobs that had moved from New England to North Carolina
and the rest of the South in the 1980s and 1990s have been leaving in recent
years for Mexico and overseas. The economic downturn in the state, fueled in
part by the loss of jobs, has provided the backdrop for the candidates, who now
enter the final month of their contest for the seat being vacated by Sen. Jesse
Helms.

Both candidates have criticized positions and connections from each others'
pasts. Bowles points out that as secretary of labor under the elder President
George Bush, Dole lobbied aggressively against the Family Medical Leave Act,
which later, under President Bill Clinton, was enacted. Bowles worked as
Clinton's chief of staff.

Bowles held a news conference Friday morning at the home of a Cary mother of
two. Mary Anne Rutkowski has been using the federal law to take time off from
work to stay home with her newborn baby. Bowles believes the act should be
expanded to cover parental involvement with children's school activities and
should apply to businesses with at least 25 employees, not just 50 and up, as it
stands now.

Dole says she agrees. But in this and other issues, Bowles' strategy has focused
on Dole's positions as a former Cabinet member and 1999 candidate for president.

Dole's earlier position on the family leave law is not relevant today, a
campaign aide said on Friday.

"She's very supportive of the Family Medical Leave Act, and she thinks school
activities could be added to empower parents to take a role in their children's
education," said Dole spokeswoman Mary Brown Brewer. "Thirteen years ago, she
was looking at a hypothetical law, and she felt it was too prescriptive for
small businesses. But it's been a huge success."

The candidates' exchanges have become increasingly accusatory - and expensive -
as the campaign picks up its pace. With about $19 million raised between the
two, it's the most expensive race in the nation.

Dole supporters, such as the National Republican Congressional Committee and the
N.C. Republican Party, have tried to paint Bowles as a political product of
Clinton.

"Bowles wears Clinton Stripes at D.C. Fundraiser," reads the headline of a
recent news release from the state GOP.

A Dole ad also points to a lawsuit against Bowles and his former investment firm
by the state of Connecticut after the firm lost money for that state's
retirement system.

Bowles on Friday promoted his proposal to expand the Family Medical Leave Act as
"one of the most significant facing people in this state and across the nation,"
while in the same breath mentioning Dole's absence from the state for decades,
an issue that dogged her early on.

"She was vehemently against Family Medical Leave for over a decade ... [and now]
she has come back after 44 years and she's flip-flopping on the issue," Bowles
said.

Bowles also has said Dole would privatize Social Security and risk the security
of senior citizens by investing contributions to the program in stocks. Dole and
her campaign say that misrepresents her position on needed Social Security
reform.

Dole says she agrees with the younger Bush administration's proposal to permit
younger workers to invest 2 or 3 percent of their Social Security contributions.
Dole says she would not reduce benefits or raise payroll taxes.

Dole has suggested in her ads that Bowles, by doing nothing, would wind up
increasing payroll taxes to keep Social Security solvent, which the Bowles
campaign says is disingenuous.

Brewer suggests voters visit www.doleplan.com to learn Dole's positions on
Social Security and other issues that affect families and workers. Bowles' Web
site is www.erskinebowles2002.com.

"Absolutely, [Dole's position] is job creation, bringing more jobs to the state
and, of course, education," Brewer said. "We're suffering from a teacher
shortage, and she's put forward a plan.

"He's [Bowles] been characterizing her position on Social Security as
privatization; she is not talking about that, and it's been done in a very
intentional way to frighten seniors," she said. "It's not fair to misrepresent
her position."

Under the Bush proposal, the government would always oversee the invested Social
Security money, Dole says.

Brewer defended the Dole campaign's ad about the Connecticut lawsuit, which
Bowles on Friday called misleading.

"I'm not sure what's false about it," Brewer said. "I think when you're asking
voters to entrust someone they shouldn't be endangering retirees' pensions."

Another labor issue, the minimum wage, also has become a campaign battleground.
Bowles points out that Dole did not support a proposed increase in the wage in
1989. Her campaign says she supported a smaller increase back then, which
included a "training wage" level. Raising the wage in an economic downturn could
be dangerous and irresponsible, the Dole campaign said.

Bowles would like it raised from $5.15 an hour to $6.65.

The Dole campaign has accused Bowles of ducking a jointly funded debate.

"Dole would have much preferred to pool the money. ... He turned it down flat,"
Brewer said.

The campaigns are negotiating to hold perhaps several televised debates. One is
scheduled at Guilford College for Oct. 19.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Associated Press/File, U.S. Senate candidates Erskine Bowles and
Elizabeth Dole talk during a June event in Wilmington. The two have traded
increasingly harsh barbs in the $19 million race.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 The Durham Herald Co.


                              176 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    MARCH 5, 1999 Friday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

GROOVING TO A DIFFERENT BEAT / A VENEZUELAN PERCUSSIONIST SHOWED CHILDREN THE
SOUL OF LATIN CULTURE THROUGH ITS RHYTHMS.

BYLINE: Juan C. Rodriguez, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: MEDFORD


As a light March snow dusted the fields outside Medford Memorial Middle School
yesterday, conga drums, maracas, claves and campanas generated a warm rhythm in
the school's band room.

The young musicians, used to playing marches and show tunes, rehearsed a version
of the jazz standard, "Killer Joe," in a cha-cha rhythm.

The rehearsal was part of a four-day workshop, led by Venezuelan percussionist
Marlon Simon, meant to introduce the students to Latin culture though its music.

"Pa pa pa . . . pa pa," Simon sang out the beat. He adjusted the tempos and
coached until the rhythm took off on its own, and the students began moving to
it. At the heart of the beat, the claves (small wood sticks) kept time, and the
campana bells rang along with them.

The saxophone section began to swing, the trumpets blared with conviction, but,
at one point, Simon had to hold back the percussion section.

"Don't play so hard," he told sixth grader Dave Master, a conga player who
improvised with the rhythm. "Don't get too funky - stay on your groove."

For many of the students in this mostly white school district, Simon's workshop
was the first encounter with the Latin culture of South America and the
Caribbean.

The students' Latino references, Simon said, may be only Carmen Miranda wearing
a headdress of fruit and Ricky Ricardo calling out "Babalu!"

"I'm trying to erase the Hollywood image that misrepresents Latino culture,"
Simon said. "I want to give them the real roots and culture, with rhythms of
Puerto Rico, Cuba and Curacao."

Simon designed the workshop to introduce the students to Latin American and
Caribbean music, but he also talks about the roots of his culture.

He tells students of his hometown of Cardon, an oil town on the west coast of
Venezuela, where Simon began to play guitar and percussion behind his father, a
refinery worker who played guitar and sang boleros, a style of ballad.

"For the students, it's another world, a whole different universe," Simon said.
"At first they were very intimidated, but once they broke through, I can't get
rid of them."

The workshop is sponsored by a grant from the Prince William Network, an
educational television network that works in conjunction with the John F.
Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington.

Kathy McGettigan, curriculum director for the school district, wrote the grant
to bring Simon to the school as a resident artist. She said having him in the
school is a chance for the students to expand their boundaries.

"It's a different form of music from what they have experienced," McGettigan
said. "It will broaden their appreciation for what they are hearing, and expand
their perspective on different cultures."

The workshops have had an infectious effect on the students, most of whom had
never listened to Latin music.

"It's really fun - it really catches your ear," Dave Master said. "It's just
different kind of music. It makes you want to know how to play it."

Since Simon began the workshop two weeks ago, Dave has been going home and
practicing the new rhythms. Now, he said, he can't get the cha-cha out of his
mind.

Simon's workshop will end today. He will play a benefit concert at the school
with his sextet on Thursday.

"We [Latinos] have a beautiful culture," Simon said. "I want to say, 'We can
share it with you guys, and it's always there.' "

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Visiting instructor Marlon Simon shares the beat with students Bob McGarth
(center) and Dave Master. (MICHAEL PLUNKETT, Inquirer Suburban Staff)
Jeff Schwait gets a lesson on the conga drums from Simon. Simon is conducting a
four-day workshop at Medford Memorial Middle School.
"I'm trying to erase the Hollywood image that misrepresents Latino culture,"
Marlon Simon says. Watching him play is Bob McGarth. (MICHAEL PLUNKETT, Inquirer
Suburban Staff)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Care claim follows law, but panels not 'faceless'

BYLINE: W. Gardner Selby American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 919 words


An ad targeting a Republican state senator opened with what sounded like a
heartbeat and a wailing siren in the background as the narrator read words
displayed on screen: "If your loved one is in the hospital, you may be shocked
to learn that a faceless hospital panel can deny life-sustaining care, giving
you only 10 days to find another facility for your mother, dad, or young child,
even if the patient is conscious."

A moment later, the narrator said, "This actually happens to families across
Texas."

Death panels, Texas style?

The target of the ad was state Sen. Bob Deuell, a Greenville physician. In 2013,
he unsuccessfully proposed changes in a 1999 law that had created a process for
situations when there is no advance directive from a patient regarding an
end-of-life decision and there's disagreement between the primary physician and
a patient's family over continuing treatment.

Texas Right to Life, which describes itself as the state's oldest "pro-life"
group, opposed Deuell's proposal and created the ad, which it publicized in a
press release. Deuell ultimately lost his 2014 runoff for the GOP nomination to
challenger Bob Hall.

Asked about the basis of the ad claim, Texas Right to Life referred us to
Section 166.046 of the Texas Health and Safety Code, which states a hospital
review committee may align with a primary physician on cutting off or continuing
a patient's life-sustaining care.

If a panel agrees on ending such care, the patient or person responsible for the
patient's care has 10 days to acquire another physician or move to another
facility before the hospital is no longer obligated to provide care, the law
says, though a court can extend the 10-day period if it finds a reasonable
expectation that a physician or facility that will honor the patient's desires
will be found with the added time.

John Seago, Texas Right to Life's legislative director, said the law is silent
on who should serve on a review panel , and it doesn't require participants to
be identified to the affected family. Seago also said Texas Right to Life, which
has advocated for patients, has attended review meetings in which not all panel
members were revealed.

Seago urged us to reach out to lawyers including Jerri Lynn Ward of Lakeway, who
said that none of her clients - among them Andrea Clark, whose 2006 dying drew
news coverage - knew the names of committee members before review proceedings
began. "I would call that being faceless," Ward said.

Others, including lawyers, physicians and advocacy groups for hospitals and
doctors, told us the ad claim misrepresents how the Texas law has been carried
out.

Carrie Kroll of the Texas Hospital Association said the claim misrepresents
elements of such extremely rare hospital committee reviews.

She agreed that "at the end of the day, the hospital can say, â  No, we're not
going to provide care.' " But review panels aren't faceless, Kroll said, in

that individuals on the panels meet with the families or guardians challenging a
physician's judgment.

Also, Kroll said, most hospitals provide patient "liaisons" to guide families
and loved ones through the reviews. The Senate-approved version of Deuell's
failed 2013 proposal mandated such liaisons during reviews, according to a Texas
Medical Association summary.

According to a hospital association survey of 212 hospitals, the review process
was initiated 21 times in 2011. The group's survey for 2010 identified a single
review. Two reviews were identified in 2009.

Jeanine Graf, medical director of the pediatric intensive care unit at Texas
Children's Hospital in Houston, told us she has served on that hospital's
bioethics panel at least 15 years. Once a year or every other year, Graf said,
the panel decides a child's care should end because more care would be futile.
"It's not a faceless committee," Graf said. "The family comes to the committee,"
which consists of nurses, physicians, religious officials and an ethicist, "and
pleads their case. There's no anonymity. We identify ourselves."

Also, Graf said, she has never seen a patient in such circumstances who was
aware of his or her surroundings. "They are often the sickest patients who are
expected to die no matter what we do," she said. After a panel decides more care
is unwarranted, usually after a meeting that runs several hours, the family is
given at least 10 business days to act, Graf said. "It very rarely comes to that
10-day clock," Graf said. "The person may die in the interim."

Our ruling:

Texas Right to Life said in Texas, "a faceless hospital panel can deny
life-sustaining care, giving you only 10 days to find another facility for your
mother, dad, or young child, even if the patient is conscious."

This claim accurately tracks a portion of state law. But doctors and hospitals
insist the law has been carried out in ways not acknowledged by the statement.
For starters, the rarely convened review panels aren't faceless; committee
members are reportedly introduced at the reviews. Also, consciousness is not an
element of the law. And thirdly, the law permits courts to add on to the 10 days
provided for families to find an alternate facility, which the ad doesn't
mention.

This claim is partly accurate. Mark it Half True.

Contact W. Gardner Selby

at 512-445-3644.

Twitter: @gardnerselby @politifacttexas

Texas Right to Life
  Statement: In Texas, "a faceless hospital panel can deny life-saving care,
giving you only 10 days to find another facility for your mother, dad, or young
child, even if the patient is conscious."


LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 1, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Books of The Times;
Hope for the Retarded

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER LEHMANN-HAUPT

SECTION: Section 1; Page 15, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 839 words


THE WILLOWBROOK WARS: A Decade raveleof Struggle for Social Change. By David J.
Rothman and Sheila M. Rothman. 405 pages. Harper & Row. $27.95.

The dramatic title of ''The Willowbrook Wars'' attracts deserved attention to
the extraordinary book that David J. Rothman and Sheila M. Rothman have written
about the decade-long legal struggle to close down Willowbrook State School, the
notorious Staten Island institution for retarded children and adults. But the
title isn't strictly accurate. If I may use its shortcomings to praise what
happens to be a very good book, let me count the ways the words ''Willowbrook
Wars'' misrepresent what the Rothmans have actually achieved with their project.

First, the title exaggerates what really happened. No bullets were fired; no
people were intentionally killed; no ultimate victory was won. The major weapons
used in the struggle were not instruments of destruction. They were the
television cameras that the reporter Geraldo Rivera focused on Willowbrook in
1972 to reveal what he saw as ''concentration- camp''-like conditions under
which many of its 5,400 inmates were living. They were the therapeutic concept
of ''normalization'' - or the notion evolved in the 1960's that retarded people
did better in the mainstream of society than in institutions - as well as a new
legal strategy, also developed in the 1960's, that found judicial supervision to
be an effective instrument of civil-rights reform.

They were the class-action suit filed in March 1972 for the Willowbrook inmates
and the consent decree, granted three years later, that ordered Willowbrook
closed down. And after that, the weapons were the love, the vision and the
energy that led to the partial success of the experiment in deinstitutionalizing
Willowbrook's inmates, and the bureaucratic and legislative reaction that
ultimately led to the overturn of the consent decree. But nobody was shot, and
no side demanded total surrender.



Second, the title ''The Willowbrook Wars'' misrepresents the authors' roles.
They are not correspondents reporting inherently tragic events and representing
one or the other side in a deadly confrontation. True, they are social
scientists with deep interests in the so-called helping professions - Mr.
Rothman teaches social medicine and history at Columbia's College of Physicians
and Surgeons, and is the author of such notable books as ''The Discovery of the
Asylum'' and ''Doing Good: The Limits of Benevolence,'' among others; Mrs.
Rothman is Research Scholar at the Center for the Social Sciences of Columbia
University, and wrote ''Woman's Proper Place: A History of Changing Ideals and
Practices, 1870 to the Present.''

As observers interested in progressive therapeutic causes, they show an
occasional bias toward the plaintiffs in the case - the people who worked to
close down Willowbrook - and against the bureaucratic forces that resisted them.
But they do not crow at victories or despair over defeats. At the end they draw
balanced and subtle conclusions that shed light on the many ambiguities of an
extremely complicated matter. Far from endorsing any side's position, they even
concede ''the ad hoc and idiosyncratic manner'' in which ''reform through
litigation determines the allocation of social resources.''

Finally, the metaphor of their title is out of sync with a reader's reaction to
the book. One doesn't come away filled with revulsion and sorrow. Certainly the
recalcitrance of bureaucracy is deplorable, but that isn't exactly news. What's
news - and inspiring news at that - is that institutions such as Willowbrook may
indeed not be necessary. The experiment in normalization really worked when it
was conscientiously implemented. Once houses were found, community resistance
overcome, the right mix of therapists and patients set up, and a truly
responsive environment created, even severely retarded people thrived beyond the
expectations of normalization theory. Which is exactly what common sense would
indicate, but what public program ever responded to common sense?



More encouraging still are the implications seen by the Rothmans for other
fields of human services. ''If responsible caretakers can be found to serve the
profoundly retarded,'' their book concludes, ''they can be found for the aged -
if we look for them and compensate them.'' And: ''What holds true for the
elderly holds true as well for the homeless. They may make greater demands upon
services, and on public space, but after Willowbrook we have a better sense of
the feasibility of alternatives to neglect on park benches or indiscriminate
confinement in state armories.''

These are not the kind of conclusions one brings home from a battlefront. So
don't think of this book as an account of warfare. It doesn't even need its
melodramatic title; it's exciting enough to read as a legal drama. Think of the
book as just plain ''Willowbrook,'' and read it not to see who won or lost, but
to learn how a profoundly important social-policy game was played.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Sheila M. Rothman and David J. Rothman

TYPE: review

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              179 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 29, 2012 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Skewing facts hinders debate

BYLINE: Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 437 words


Aug. 29--THE ISSUE: Federal tax rates.

OUR VIEW: The president might well be right that the wealthiest Americans should
be paying a higher percentage of income. He should be careful, though, not to
misrepresent what is happening.

For a politician, it's a great sound bite: Millionaires shouldn't be paying
taxes at a lower rate than their secretaries. It's an assertion most voters
embrace, according to a Pew Research Center poll released Monday, so it's an
effective line for President Barack Obama to employ in arguing for higher taxes
for the richest Americans.

The problem is that like a lot of sound bites, the reality doesn't quite match
the rhetoric.

According to The Associated Press, the wealthiest people in America on average
pay a lot more taxes than the middle class or the poor. They pay at a higher
rate, AP reported, and as a group, they contribute a much larger share of the
overall taxes collected by the federal government.

The 10 percent of households with the highest incomes pay more than half of all
federal taxes, and according to the Congressional Budget Office, they pay more
than 70 percent of federal income taxes.

In his White House address 11 months ago, Obama called on Congress to increase
taxes by $1.5 trillion as part of a 10-year deficit reduction package totaling
more than $3 trillion. He proposed that Congress overhaul the tax code and
impose what he called the "Buffett rule," named for billionaire investor Warren
Buffett. Buffett, an Obama supporter, wrote in a piece for The New York Times
that the tax rate he paid in 2010 was lower than that paid by any of the other
20 people in his office.

In 2009, 1,470 households filed tax returns with incomes above $1 million yet
paid no federal income tax, according to the Internal Revenue Service. But
that's less than 1 percent of the nearly 237,000 returns with incomes above $1
million.

In 2010, households making more than $1 million paid an average of 24.1 percent
of their income in federal taxes, according to the Tax Policy Center, a
Washington think tank.

The president might well be right that the wealthiest Americans should be paying
an even greater share. He should be careful, though, not to misrepresent what is
happening during the Democratic National Convention next week.

It has been next to impossible for Republicans and Democrats to come to terms on
the solutions to the issues facing our country. It's critical, though, that they
at least operate from the same set of facts.

___ (c)2012 Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo, Ind.) Visit the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo,
Ind.) at www.kokomotribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120829-KO-EDITORIAL-Skewing-facts-hinders-debate-20120829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2012 Kokomo Tribune


                              180 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 29, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Investor Defends Slots Petition Drive;
Attempt to Defy Court Order Denied

BYLINE: Serge F. Kovaleski, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B03

LENGTH: 992 words


The D.C. investor for a proposed gambling hall offered a vigorous defense of
petition circulators yesterday, saying tactics used to attract signers did not
contradict a ruling last month by a D.C. Superior Court judge.

The testimony from businessman Pedro Alfonso came on the eighth consecutive day
of hearings into allegations that laws were broken in a petition drive to get
the slots machine initiative on the November ballot.

Wilma A. Lewis, chairman of the D.C. Board of Elections and Ethics, aggressively
questioned Alfonso about the judge's ruling, which ordered the removal of
language that said the D.C. Council would receive a nonbinding recommendation to
spend its share of slots money to "improve public schools and to help senior
citizens obtain prescription drugs."

Alfonso, who testified for most of the day, said it would have been
"unconscionable" for circulators not to mention the benefits of slots to
potential petition signers because the full text of the initiative included a
discussion of those benefits.

"I think it would be a misrepresentation not to say it because it is in the
initiative itself," he said. "You've got to tell the truth, the whole truth,
everything. It is not just gaming."

Anti-slots activists, who have filed two challenges to the petition drive with
the election board contend that, at the very least, proponents of the initiative
and workers they hired to gather signatures violated the spirit of the judge's
order.

The board questioned Alfonso about the use of brochures that said the gambling
project would help create 1,500 jobs and a charitable trust to fund a literacy
program for D.C. schoolchildren, and he acknowledged that they would have
fostered "prejudice" for the slots initiative. Alfonso said the three-member
committee behind the slots measure printed thousands of brochures, which were
used by petition workers. Opponents say the claim about the literacy program is
not true.

The opponents also point out that large numbers of petition workers donned
yellow T-shirts emblazoned with the words, "SIGN UP FOR JOBS, SCHOOLS AND HEALTH
CARE," a tactic they said was used to get around the judge's ruling.

Slots supporters submitted more than 56,000 signatures after a frenetic five-day
effort aimed at getting slots on the Nov. 2 ballot. The initiative seeks voter
approval of a plan to open a gambling hall with 3,500 slot machines at New York
Avenue and Bladensburg Road NE.

One of the board's attorneys asked Alfonso why gambling was not represented on
the T-shirts since it is the central part of the initiative. Alfonso conceded
that the initiative could have been better represented on the shirt.

"It was not a malicious step to misrepresent," he said. "I think we complied
with the judge's order."

Alfonso said the shirts were not bought by the three-member committee but by Rob
Newell, a financier from the U.S. Virgin Islands who is the other main investor
in the project.

Alfonso said the committee did not know the shirts had been purchased until he
and the others learned about them in media reports. He said the first time he
saw one of the shirts was this week.

Slots supporters have said petition workers were ordered to stop wearing the
shirts soon after the clothes arrived July 1. The attorney for the board,
Rudolph McGann, asked why this was done if the shirts did not misrepresent the
initiative. Alfonso responded that the committee wanted no distractions during
the petition effort and that it sought to ensure that workers were not harassed
by opponents of the slots initiative.

Noting the judge's ruling, Lewis asked if it would be appropriate to have shirts
with references to strengthening education and helping the elderly buy
prescription drugs. "Define 'appropriate,' " Alfonso said before answering, "It
probably would not be in the best of taste."

Lewis noted that even before the judge's ruling, the board acted to have the
words "jobs," "education" and "health care" removed from the short title of the
initiative and that the committee then dropped those words from its name.
Alfonso said the committee did it so "the consistency was there."

Last night, the owner of the California-based company hired to run the petition
drive testified before the board for more than two hours. Angelo Paparella said
it was a "strategic mistake'' for circulators to tell potential petition signers
that slots money would go to schools or health care. He said that the problem
was not the information but that giving out such information was not an
efficient way to attract as many signers as possible.

"It gets into a detailed discussion about the issue, and that's not what we're
there for," Paparella said. "It doesn't lend itself to meeting more people."

Earlier in the day, D.C. resident Tenisha Colbert testified under immunity that
she signed the circulator's affidavit on petitions handled by an acquaintance,
even though she did not witness many signatures.

Colbert said that a petition manager told her to sign after it became apparent
her acquaintance had only old identification from Maryland. D.C. law requires
that circulators be D.C. residents. According to records, Colbert submitted 74
petitions, totaling 818 signatures.

Colbert said the manager had no idea that the two women had gone out to collect
signatures together and never asked if they circulated petitions near each
other. She said she signed in the manager's room at the Red Roof Inn in
Chinatown, and that while there, she heard many out-of-town circulators say they
worked without a D.C. resident and needed one to sign their petition affidavits.

One of those who agreed to sign was her fiance, Antoine Jefferies, Colbert said.
Testifying under immunity, Jefferies said the manager "was telling me it was a
way to make money." Records show Jefferies' signature appears on 36 sheets
bearing 518 signatures.

Staff writers Yolanda Woodlee and Clarence Williams contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              181 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission has issued Order
regarding ( I1511007 Response filed by ORA/FOSS/CPUC on 08/23/2016 Conf# 101113)

LENGTH: 2355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Response):



 166399037

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Order Instituting Investigation into the

 State of Competition Among

 Telecommunications Providers in

 California, and to Consider and Resolve

 Questions raised in the Limited

 Rehearing of Decision 08-09-042.



 Investigation 15-11-007

 (Filed November 5, 2015)

 RESPONSE OF THE OFFICE OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES TO THE

 "MOVING PARTIES' MOTION REQUESTING CLARIFICATION OF

 THE ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE'S RULING GRANTING IN PART

 AND DENYING IN PART MOTION TO STRIKE"

 TRAVIS T. FOSS

 Attorney for

 Office of Ratepayer Advocates

 California Public Utilities Commission

 505 Van Ness Avenue

 San Francisco, CA 94102

 Phone: (415) 703-1998

 travis.foss@cpuc.ca.gov

 August 23, 2016

 FILED

 8-23-16

 04:59 PM

 166399037 1

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Order Instituting Investigation into the

 State of Competition Among

 Telecommunications Providers in

 California, and to Consider and Resolve

 Questions raised in the Limited

 Rehearing of Decision 08-09-042.

 Investigation 15-11-007

 (Filed November 5, 2015)

 RESPONSE OF THE OFFICE OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES TO THE

  "MOVING PARTIES' MOTION REQUESTING CLARIFICATION OF THE

 ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE'S RULING GRANTING IN PART

 ANDDENYING IN PART MOTION TO STRIKE"

 I. INTRODUCTION

 The Office of Ratepayer Advocates (ORA) opposes the "Moving Parties"1 request

 for clarification of the Administrative Law Judge's (ALJ's) ruling partially
granting the

 carriers' Motion to Strike, dated August 8, 2016 (MTS Ruling). The Moving
Parties

 (MPs) seek to strike additional portions of ORA's Opening Brief (OB) that
relate to

 carrier subscription data, above and beyond the portions that relate to the
data stricken by

 the MTS Ruling. However, the MPs' request should be denied, because the MPs a)

 misrepresent the scope of the Federal Court preliminary injunction; b) misstate
the scope

 of the data stricken by the MTS Ruling; and c) seek to strike references to
"availability

 data", which was not the subject of the Federal Court preliminary injunction,
the

 Coalition's motion to strike, or the MTS Ruling, and is considered "public" by
the

 Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

 1 The "Moving Parties" consist of a number of carrier-parties to this
proceeding, but a different set of

 parties than the Communications Industry Coalition (Coalition) that filed the
Motion to Strike.

 166399037 2

 II. DISCUSSION

 The MPs' Request for Clarification of the MTS Ruling (Request for
Clarification)

 recounts the background of the August 3, 2016, Order Granting Motion To Enforce
Or

 Clarify Injunction by Judge Chhabria (Federal Court Order), the Coalition's
July 29

 Motion To Strike And Objections To Proposed Official Notice (Motion to Strike),
and

 also the Coalition's August 4 Supplement To The Communications Industry
Coalition's

 Motion To Strike, Addressing Federal Court Order (Supplement).

 The MPs' Request for Clarification essentially seeks to strike additional
testimony

 from the record, which was not stricken by either the Federal Court or the ALJ
in this

 proceeding. They seek to clarify that data in Columns 2-5, 8, and 9 of Table 13
of

 Exhibit 16 (Direct Testimony of Lee L. Selwyn dated June 1, 2016, on behalf of
ORA)

 are also struck from the record of this proceeding, in addition to Columns 6
and 7 of

 Exhibit 16 that were already stricken by the MTS Ruling.2 (The August 3 Federal
Court

 Order did not strike anything from the record.) In addition, the MPs seek to
strike the

 portions of ORA's OB that relate to the additional data they claim should now
be

 stricken.

 The data utilized in ORA's OB was part of the official record of this
proceeding,

 and was appropriately used by ORA in its OB. However, the MPs attempt to argue
that

 the MTS Ruling somehow did not comply with the Federal Court Order, which

 misrepresents what the Order actually says. Even though the Federal Court Order
and the

 MTS Ruling denied their requests to strike portions of Exhibit 16, the carriers
continue to

 argue as if their requests were granted.

 A. The MPs Misrepresent the Scope of the Federal Court

 Order

 The MPs argue that because the Federal Court Order limited Dr. Selwyn's access

 to subscription data, it therefore follows that any calculations he performed
using that

 data should be stricken from the record. The carriers' logic is that he could
not have

 2 Request for Clarification at 4.

 166399037 3

 performed his analysis "unless he had access to the Form 477 subscription data,
which

 per the PI Order, Dr. Selwyn should not have had access to for purposes of
developing

 his June 1 Testimony."3 However, they have raised this argument twice already,
and it

 has been rejected both times.

 First, in the carriers' June 28 Motion to Enforce Preliminary Order before
Judge

 Chhabria, the carriers requested that: "the Court should prohibit the CPUC from
taking

 any actions in its ongoing proceeding in reliance on Dr. Selwyn's testimony
utilizing the

 Form 477 data pending the Court's resolution of Plaintiffs' motion for a
permanent

 injunction."4 The carriers clarified this request by asking the court to
"require the

 withdrawal of any testimony, again, including Dr. Selwyn's, that relied upon
those

 data."5

 Second, the carriers raised this argument in their August 4 Supplement motion
to

 the ALJ, stating: "to effectuate the Court's order, the testimony that ORA
filed using that

 data on June 1 and July 15, 2016, contravenes the preliminary injunction and
must be

 stricken."6

 The August 3 Federal Court Order by Judge Chhabria, which is attached to the

 Coalition's Supplement, clarifies the preliminary injunction as follows: "the
CPUC may

 not allow anyone other than a direct employee to possess the data that are the
subject of

 the injunction", and thus directs the CPUC to "retrieve any of the data in Dr.
Selwyn's

 possession immediately." The Order does not state that the Commission must
strike any

 of Dr. Selwyn's testimony from the record, even though the Coalition
specifically

 requested that he do so. The Federal Court Order states that "[t]he remaining
requests by

 the plaintiffs are denied as overbroad, unripe, or unnecessary." Thus the Order
denies the

 3 Request for Clarification at 5.

 4 Coalition Motion to Enforce Preliminary Injunction at 10.

 5 Id. at 11.

 6 Coalition Supplement to Motion to Strike at 2.

 166399037 4

 request to strike portions of Exhibit 16 from the record, and there is no
reason to do so

 now.

 Further, in the MTS Ruling dated August 8, the ALJ correctly notes: "The May 20


 and August 3, 2016 Orders explicitly do not contest the Commission's ability to
use the

 granular, disaggregated (carrier-specific) subscription data in question. Nor
does that

 granular data appear in Dr. Selwyn's testimony."7 The MTS Ruling follows the
letter

 and intent of the Federal Court Order, which did not strike any of Dr. Selwyn's
analysis.

 B. The MPs Misstate the Rationale of the MTS Ruling

 The MPs point out that the MTS Ruling struck Columns 6 and 7 from Table 13 of

 Exhibit 16, but not Column 5 titled "Total Subs. with 25/3 in Footprint".8 The
MPs argue

 that Column 5 is "clearly subscription data and appears to be a sum of the
providerspecific

 Form 477 subscriber data in Column 6 that, per the PI Order, Dr. Selwyn should

 not have had access to and which the MTS Ruling specifically struck." However,
as

 noted above, the Federal Court Order never struck any data from the record, and
thus the

 MTS Ruling was not obliged to strike any of Dr. Selwyn's analysis based on the
data, and

 correctly did not do so.

 Instead, the MTS Ruling, in an abundance of caution, struck data from Table 13,


 but not any of the analysis based on the data. Furthermore, the MTS Ruling did
not strike

 the other tables in Exhibit 16 that contain subscription data. For example,
Tables 11A

 and 11B (County Level HHIs and MDIs), and Table 12 (Metropolitan Area HHIs and

 MDIs) are not stricken from the record. This is because there is an important
distinction

 between Tables 11A and 11B and 12, and Table 13 - that is, Tables 11 and 12
utilize

 aggregated, county level subscription data that reveals nothing about the
carriers in each

 county. As noted above, the MTS Ruling found that the use of granular,
carrier-related

 subscription is not prohibited by the Federal Court Order, but nevertheless the
MTS

 Ruling strikes Table 13 which lists carrier-specific data, presumably because
such carrier-

 7 MTS Ruling at 4.

 8 Request for Clarification at 4.

 166399037 5

 specific data may be at issue "pending final resolution of the federal court
litigation."9

 Tables 11A, 11B, and 12 do not reveal any carrier-specific data. Table 13
reveals

 aggregated carrier-specific data within the carriers' footprints, and it
appears that in an

 abundance of caution the ALJ struck the two columns from Table 13 that reveal
overly

 specific data.

 It is important to note that ORA did not use any part of Table 13 in its OB,

 although it was not prohibited from doing so. The HHI and MDI discussion by ORA
in

 its OB relies solely on aggregated county level data in Tables 11 and 12.10

 However, the MPs do not restrict their request to removing merely Column 5 of

 Table 13. The carriers go way beyond that, requesting that "any testimony that
Dr.

 Selwyn developed based on his having access to "Commission Only Information,"
which

 he has since returned to the Commission pursuant to Judge Chhabria's 8/3 Order,
must be

 deleted, including but not limited to any Tables with such data, any sections
of his

 testimonies discussing his HHI and MDI calculations and any conclusions he
reached

 based on those calculations."11 Additionally, the carriers also request Column
9 of Table

 13 be stricken, and Tables 11A, 11B, and 12 also be stricken in their entirety.
Finally, the

 carriers demand that "ORA should also be directed to file a revised opening
brief in

 accordance with the revised versions of Dr. Selwyn's testimony."12 The sole
basis is a

 purported "understanding" by the carriers that the MTS Ruling meant to strike
all

 testimony related in any way to subscription data of any kind, even though it
did not so

 state.

 The carriers' misstate the rationale behind the MTS Ruling. They allege that
the

 MTS Ruling "recognizes" that Dr. Selwyn's testimony includes data "which have
been

 9 MTS Ruling at 4.

 10 See for example, pages 52-54 of ORA's OB.

 11 Request for Clarification at 5.

 12 Request for Clarification at 6.

 166399037 6

 designated as "Commission Only Information.""13 However, they ignore other

 statements in the MTS Ruling that specifically permit the use of subscription
data. For

 example, the MTS Ruling states: "the Commission can - under both California law
and

 the Court's May 20 and August 3, 2016 Orders - use the underlying data."14 The
MTS

 Ruling further notes that "statewide subscription numbers appear in the public
record and

 are submitted in ARMIS reports as generically "confidential,"" (i.e., not
Commissiononly).

 Thus, the MTS Ruling does not imply, much less state, that all analysis of

 subscription data must be removed from the record. The MTS Ruling states
clearly that

 the Commission is not required to strike any data based on the letter and
intent of Federal

 Court Order, and it only strikes two columns of one table in Exhibit 16 solely
in an

 abundance of caution, not because of any alleged requirement. Striking
testimony from

 the official record was clearly not the stated intent of either the Federal
Court Order or

 the MTS Ruling, despite being repeatedly requested to do so by the carriers.

 C. The MPs Seek To Strike "Availability" Data, Which was

 not the Subject of the Preliminary Injunction or the MTS

 Ruling

 Finally, the MPs seek to strike Columns 2-4 and 8 of Table 13, because "these

 columns all appear to be based on Form 477 availability data."15 The carriers'
apparently

 argue that availability data for 2015 is not yet publicly available.
(Availability data16 as

 reported on Form 477 is the number of households in a given geographic area
(census

 block) where a carrier offers service, as opposed to the number of households
that

 actually do subscribe.) However, this is a novel argument that has not been
raised by the

 carriers in Federal Court, in their Motion to Strike, or in their Supplement to
their Motion

 to Strike, and should be denied.

 13 Request for Clarification at 4.

 14 MTS Ruling at 4.

 15 Request for Clarification at 4.

 16 Also referred to as "deployment data" by the FCC.

 166399037 7

 Although the FCC's Form 477 contains availability data as well as subscription

 data, availability data has long been publicly available.17 Since it is public,
there is

 obviously no FCC policy that requires availability data to be maintained as
"Commission

 Only", and thus there is no grounds to strike the data at this time. The
carriers have never

 made the argument that availability data should be stricken from Dr. Selwyn's
testimony,

 and it is too late to try now.

 III. CONCLUSION

 The Commission should deny the Moving Parties' Request for Clarification for

 the reasons stated herein. The carriers seek to strike data and analysis that
is essential in

 evaluating the telecommunications marketplace in California - data that the
Commission

 is legitimately entitled to receive and utilize in making its findings in this
proceeding

 regarding the state of competition in California.

 Respectfully submitted,

 /s/ TRAVIS T. FOSS

 Travis T. Foss

 Attorney for the Office of Ratepayer Advocates

 California Public Utilities Commission

 505 Van Ness Ave.

 San Francisco, CA 94102

 Phone: (415) 703-1998

 August 23, 2016 Email: travis.foss@cpuc.ca.gov

 17 https://www.fcc.gov/general/broadband-deployment-data-fcc-form-477

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/reports/broadband-progress-reports/2016-bro
adband-progress-report

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/maps/bpr-2016-fixed-25mbps-3mbps-deployment
/

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/maps/bpr-2016-fixed-25mbps-3mbps-providers/
.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission has issued Order
regarding ( I1511007 Response filed by ORA/FOSS/CPUC on 08/23/2016 Conf# 101113)

LENGTH: 2355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Response):



 166399037

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Order Instituting Investigation into the

 State of Competition Among

 Telecommunications Providers in

 California, and to Consider and Resolve

 Questions raised in the Limited

 Rehearing of Decision 08-09-042.



 Investigation 15-11-007

 (Filed November 5, 2015)

 RESPONSE OF THE OFFICE OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES TO THE

 "MOVING PARTIES' MOTION REQUESTING CLARIFICATION OF

 THE ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE'S RULING GRANTING IN PART

 AND DENYING IN PART MOTION TO STRIKE"

 TRAVIS T. FOSS

 Attorney for

 Office of Ratepayer Advocates

 California Public Utilities Commission

 505 Van Ness Avenue

 San Francisco, CA 94102

 Phone: (415) 703-1998

 travis.foss@cpuc.ca.gov

 August 23, 2016

 FILED

 8-23-16

 04:59 PM

 166399037 1

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Order Instituting Investigation into the

 State of Competition Among

 Telecommunications Providers in

 California, and to Consider and Resolve

 Questions raised in the Limited

 Rehearing of Decision 08-09-042.

 Investigation 15-11-007

 (Filed November 5, 2015)

 RESPONSE OF THE OFFICE OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES TO THE

  "MOVING PARTIES' MOTION REQUESTING CLARIFICATION OF THE

 ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE'S RULING GRANTING IN PART

 ANDDENYING IN PART MOTION TO STRIKE"

 I. INTRODUCTION

 The Office of Ratepayer Advocates (ORA) opposes the "Moving Parties"1 request

 for clarification of the Administrative Law Judge's (ALJ's) ruling partially
granting the

 carriers' Motion to Strike, dated August 8, 2016 (MTS Ruling). The Moving
Parties

 (MPs) seek to strike additional portions of ORA's Opening Brief (OB) that
relate to

 carrier subscription data, above and beyond the portions that relate to the
data stricken by

 the MTS Ruling. However, the MPs' request should be denied, because the MPs a)

 misrepresent the scope of the Federal Court preliminary injunction; b) misstate
the scope

 of the data stricken by the MTS Ruling; and c) seek to strike references to
"availability

 data", which was not the subject of the Federal Court preliminary injunction,
the

 Coalition's motion to strike, or the MTS Ruling, and is considered "public" by
the

 Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

 1 The "Moving Parties" consist of a number of carrier-parties to this
proceeding, but a different set of

 parties than the Communications Industry Coalition (Coalition) that filed the
Motion to Strike.

 166399037 2

 II. DISCUSSION

 The MPs' Request for Clarification of the MTS Ruling (Request for
Clarification)

 recounts the background of the August 3, 2016, Order Granting Motion To Enforce
Or

 Clarify Injunction by Judge Chhabria (Federal Court Order), the Coalition's
July 29

 Motion To Strike And Objections To Proposed Official Notice (Motion to Strike),
and

 also the Coalition's August 4 Supplement To The Communications Industry
Coalition's

 Motion To Strike, Addressing Federal Court Order (Supplement).

 The MPs' Request for Clarification essentially seeks to strike additional
testimony

 from the record, which was not stricken by either the Federal Court or the ALJ
in this

 proceeding. They seek to clarify that data in Columns 2-5, 8, and 9 of Table 13
of

 Exhibit 16 (Direct Testimony of Lee L. Selwyn dated June 1, 2016, on behalf of
ORA)

 are also struck from the record of this proceeding, in addition to Columns 6
and 7 of

 Exhibit 16 that were already stricken by the MTS Ruling.2 (The August 3 Federal
Court

 Order did not strike anything from the record.) In addition, the MPs seek to
strike the

 portions of ORA's OB that relate to the additional data they claim should now
be

 stricken.

 The data utilized in ORA's OB was part of the official record of this
proceeding,

 and was appropriately used by ORA in its OB. However, the MPs attempt to argue
that

 the MTS Ruling somehow did not comply with the Federal Court Order, which

 misrepresents what the Order actually says. Even though the Federal Court Order
and the

 MTS Ruling denied their requests to strike portions of Exhibit 16, the carriers
continue to

 argue as if their requests were granted.

 A. The MPs Misrepresent the Scope of the Federal Court

 Order

 The MPs argue that because the Federal Court Order limited Dr. Selwyn's access

 to subscription data, it therefore follows that any calculations he performed
using that

 data should be stricken from the record. The carriers' logic is that he could
not have

 2 Request for Clarification at 4.

 166399037 3

 performed his analysis "unless he had access to the Form 477 subscription data,
which

 per the PI Order, Dr. Selwyn should not have had access to for purposes of
developing

 his June 1 Testimony."3 However, they have raised this argument twice already,
and it

 has been rejected both times.

 First, in the carriers' June 28 Motion to Enforce Preliminary Order before
Judge

 Chhabria, the carriers requested that: "the Court should prohibit the CPUC from
taking

 any actions in its ongoing proceeding in reliance on Dr. Selwyn's testimony
utilizing the

 Form 477 data pending the Court's resolution of Plaintiffs' motion for a
permanent

 injunction."4 The carriers clarified this request by asking the court to
"require the

 withdrawal of any testimony, again, including Dr. Selwyn's, that relied upon
those

 data."5

 Second, the carriers raised this argument in their August 4 Supplement motion
to

 the ALJ, stating: "to effectuate the Court's order, the testimony that ORA
filed using that

 data on June 1 and July 15, 2016, contravenes the preliminary injunction and
must be

 stricken."6

 The August 3 Federal Court Order by Judge Chhabria, which is attached to the

 Coalition's Supplement, clarifies the preliminary injunction as follows: "the
CPUC may

 not allow anyone other than a direct employee to possess the data that are the
subject of

 the injunction", and thus directs the CPUC to "retrieve any of the data in Dr.
Selwyn's

 possession immediately." The Order does not state that the Commission must
strike any

 of Dr. Selwyn's testimony from the record, even though the Coalition
specifically

 requested that he do so. The Federal Court Order states that "[t]he remaining
requests by

 the plaintiffs are denied as overbroad, unripe, or unnecessary." Thus the Order
denies the

 3 Request for Clarification at 5.

 4 Coalition Motion to Enforce Preliminary Injunction at 10.

 5 Id. at 11.

 6 Coalition Supplement to Motion to Strike at 2.

 166399037 4

 request to strike portions of Exhibit 16 from the record, and there is no
reason to do so

 now.

 Further, in the MTS Ruling dated August 8, the ALJ correctly notes: "The May 20


 and August 3, 2016 Orders explicitly do not contest the Commission's ability to
use the

 granular, disaggregated (carrier-specific) subscription data in question. Nor
does that

 granular data appear in Dr. Selwyn's testimony."7 The MTS Ruling follows the
letter

 and intent of the Federal Court Order, which did not strike any of Dr. Selwyn's
analysis.

 B. The MPs Misstate the Rationale of the MTS Ruling

 The MPs point out that the MTS Ruling struck Columns 6 and 7 from Table 13 of

 Exhibit 16, but not Column 5 titled "Total Subs. with 25/3 in Footprint".8 The
MPs argue

 that Column 5 is "clearly subscription data and appears to be a sum of the
providerspecific

 Form 477 subscriber data in Column 6 that, per the PI Order, Dr. Selwyn should

 not have had access to and which the MTS Ruling specifically struck." However,
as

 noted above, the Federal Court Order never struck any data from the record, and
thus the

 MTS Ruling was not obliged to strike any of Dr. Selwyn's analysis based on the
data, and

 correctly did not do so.

 Instead, the MTS Ruling, in an abundance of caution, struck data from Table 13,


 but not any of the analysis based on the data. Furthermore, the MTS Ruling did
not strike

 the other tables in Exhibit 16 that contain subscription data. For example,
Tables 11A

 and 11B (County Level HHIs and MDIs), and Table 12 (Metropolitan Area HHIs and

 MDIs) are not stricken from the record. This is because there is an important
distinction

 between Tables 11A and 11B and 12, and Table 13 - that is, Tables 11 and 12
utilize

 aggregated, county level subscription data that reveals nothing about the
carriers in each

 county. As noted above, the MTS Ruling found that the use of granular,
carrier-related

 subscription is not prohibited by the Federal Court Order, but nevertheless the
MTS

 Ruling strikes Table 13 which lists carrier-specific data, presumably because
such carrier-

 7 MTS Ruling at 4.

 8 Request for Clarification at 4.

 166399037 5

 specific data may be at issue "pending final resolution of the federal court
litigation."9

 Tables 11A, 11B, and 12 do not reveal any carrier-specific data. Table 13
reveals

 aggregated carrier-specific data within the carriers' footprints, and it
appears that in an

 abundance of caution the ALJ struck the two columns from Table 13 that reveal
overly

 specific data.

 It is important to note that ORA did not use any part of Table 13 in its OB,

 although it was not prohibited from doing so. The HHI and MDI discussion by ORA
in

 its OB relies solely on aggregated county level data in Tables 11 and 12.10

 However, the MPs do not restrict their request to removing merely Column 5 of

 Table 13. The carriers go way beyond that, requesting that "any testimony that
Dr.

 Selwyn developed based on his having access to "Commission Only Information,"
which

 he has since returned to the Commission pursuant to Judge Chhabria's 8/3 Order,
must be

 deleted, including but not limited to any Tables with such data, any sections
of his

 testimonies discussing his HHI and MDI calculations and any conclusions he
reached

 based on those calculations."11 Additionally, the carriers also request Column
9 of Table

 13 be stricken, and Tables 11A, 11B, and 12 also be stricken in their entirety.
Finally, the

 carriers demand that "ORA should also be directed to file a revised opening
brief in

 accordance with the revised versions of Dr. Selwyn's testimony."12 The sole
basis is a

 purported "understanding" by the carriers that the MTS Ruling meant to strike
all

 testimony related in any way to subscription data of any kind, even though it
did not so

 state.

 The carriers' misstate the rationale behind the MTS Ruling. They allege that
the

 MTS Ruling "recognizes" that Dr. Selwyn's testimony includes data "which have
been

 9 MTS Ruling at 4.

 10 See for example, pages 52-54 of ORA's OB.

 11 Request for Clarification at 5.

 12 Request for Clarification at 6.

 166399037 6

 designated as "Commission Only Information.""13 However, they ignore other

 statements in the MTS Ruling that specifically permit the use of subscription
data. For

 example, the MTS Ruling states: "the Commission can - under both California law
and

 the Court's May 20 and August 3, 2016 Orders - use the underlying data."14 The
MTS

 Ruling further notes that "statewide subscription numbers appear in the public
record and

 are submitted in ARMIS reports as generically "confidential,"" (i.e., not
Commissiononly).

 Thus, the MTS Ruling does not imply, much less state, that all analysis of

 subscription data must be removed from the record. The MTS Ruling states
clearly that

 the Commission is not required to strike any data based on the letter and
intent of Federal

 Court Order, and it only strikes two columns of one table in Exhibit 16 solely
in an

 abundance of caution, not because of any alleged requirement. Striking
testimony from

 the official record was clearly not the stated intent of either the Federal
Court Order or

 the MTS Ruling, despite being repeatedly requested to do so by the carriers.

 C. The MPs Seek To Strike "Availability" Data, Which was

 not the Subject of the Preliminary Injunction or the MTS

 Ruling

 Finally, the MPs seek to strike Columns 2-4 and 8 of Table 13, because "these

 columns all appear to be based on Form 477 availability data."15 The carriers'
apparently

 argue that availability data for 2015 is not yet publicly available.
(Availability data16 as

 reported on Form 477 is the number of households in a given geographic area
(census

 block) where a carrier offers service, as opposed to the number of households
that

 actually do subscribe.) However, this is a novel argument that has not been
raised by the

 carriers in Federal Court, in their Motion to Strike, or in their Supplement to
their Motion

 to Strike, and should be denied.

 13 Request for Clarification at 4.

 14 MTS Ruling at 4.

 15 Request for Clarification at 4.

 16 Also referred to as "deployment data" by the FCC.

 166399037 7

 Although the FCC's Form 477 contains availability data as well as subscription

 data, availability data has long been publicly available.17 Since it is public,
there is

 obviously no FCC policy that requires availability data to be maintained as
"Commission

 Only", and thus there is no grounds to strike the data at this time. The
carriers have never

 made the argument that availability data should be stricken from Dr. Selwyn's
testimony,

 and it is too late to try now.

 III. CONCLUSION

 The Commission should deny the Moving Parties' Request for Clarification for

 the reasons stated herein. The carriers seek to strike data and analysis that
is essential in

 evaluating the telecommunications marketplace in California - data that the
Commission

 is legitimately entitled to receive and utilize in making its findings in this
proceeding

 regarding the state of competition in California.

 Respectfully submitted,

 /s/ TRAVIS T. FOSS

 Travis T. Foss

 Attorney for the Office of Ratepayer Advocates

 California Public Utilities Commission

 505 Van Ness Ave.

 San Francisco, CA 94102

 Phone: (415) 703-1998

 August 23, 2016 Email: travis.foss@cpuc.ca.gov

 17 https://www.fcc.gov/general/broadband-deployment-data-fcc-form-477

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/reports/broadband-progress-reports/2016-bro
adband-progress-report

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/maps/bpr-2016-fixed-25mbps-3mbps-deployment
/

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/maps/bpr-2016-fixed-25mbps-3mbps-providers/
.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission has issued Order
regarding ( I1511007 Response filed by ORA/FOSS/CPUC on 08/23/2016 Conf# 101113)

LENGTH: 2355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Response):



 166399037

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Order Instituting Investigation into the

 State of Competition Among

 Telecommunications Providers in

 California, and to Consider and Resolve

 Questions raised in the Limited

 Rehearing of Decision 08-09-042.



 Investigation 15-11-007

 (Filed November 5, 2015)

 RESPONSE OF THE OFFICE OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES TO THE

 "MOVING PARTIES' MOTION REQUESTING CLARIFICATION OF

 THE ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE'S RULING GRANTING IN PART

 AND DENYING IN PART MOTION TO STRIKE"

 TRAVIS T. FOSS

 Attorney for

 Office of Ratepayer Advocates

 California Public Utilities Commission

 505 Van Ness Avenue

 San Francisco, CA 94102

 Phone: (415) 703-1998

 travis.foss@cpuc.ca.gov

 August 23, 2016

 FILED

 8-23-16

 04:59 PM

 166399037 1

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Order Instituting Investigation into the

 State of Competition Among

 Telecommunications Providers in

 California, and to Consider and Resolve

 Questions raised in the Limited

 Rehearing of Decision 08-09-042.

 Investigation 15-11-007

 (Filed November 5, 2015)

 RESPONSE OF THE OFFICE OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES TO THE

  "MOVING PARTIES' MOTION REQUESTING CLARIFICATION OF THE

 ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE'S RULING GRANTING IN PART

 ANDDENYING IN PART MOTION TO STRIKE"

 I. INTRODUCTION

 The Office of Ratepayer Advocates (ORA) opposes the "Moving Parties"1 request

 for clarification of the Administrative Law Judge's (ALJ's) ruling partially
granting the

 carriers' Motion to Strike, dated August 8, 2016 (MTS Ruling). The Moving
Parties

 (MPs) seek to strike additional portions of ORA's Opening Brief (OB) that
relate to

 carrier subscription data, above and beyond the portions that relate to the
data stricken by

 the MTS Ruling. However, the MPs' request should be denied, because the MPs a)

 misrepresent the scope of the Federal Court preliminary injunction; b) misstate
the scope

 of the data stricken by the MTS Ruling; and c) seek to strike references to
"availability

 data", which was not the subject of the Federal Court preliminary injunction,
the

 Coalition's motion to strike, or the MTS Ruling, and is considered "public" by
the

 Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

 1 The "Moving Parties" consist of a number of carrier-parties to this
proceeding, but a different set of

 parties than the Communications Industry Coalition (Coalition) that filed the
Motion to Strike.

 166399037 2

 II. DISCUSSION

 The MPs' Request for Clarification of the MTS Ruling (Request for
Clarification)

 recounts the background of the August 3, 2016, Order Granting Motion To Enforce
Or

 Clarify Injunction by Judge Chhabria (Federal Court Order), the Coalition's
July 29

 Motion To Strike And Objections To Proposed Official Notice (Motion to Strike),
and

 also the Coalition's August 4 Supplement To The Communications Industry
Coalition's

 Motion To Strike, Addressing Federal Court Order (Supplement).

 The MPs' Request for Clarification essentially seeks to strike additional
testimony

 from the record, which was not stricken by either the Federal Court or the ALJ
in this

 proceeding. They seek to clarify that data in Columns 2-5, 8, and 9 of Table 13
of

 Exhibit 16 (Direct Testimony of Lee L. Selwyn dated June 1, 2016, on behalf of
ORA)

 are also struck from the record of this proceeding, in addition to Columns 6
and 7 of

 Exhibit 16 that were already stricken by the MTS Ruling.2 (The August 3 Federal
Court

 Order did not strike anything from the record.) In addition, the MPs seek to
strike the

 portions of ORA's OB that relate to the additional data they claim should now
be

 stricken.

 The data utilized in ORA's OB was part of the official record of this
proceeding,

 and was appropriately used by ORA in its OB. However, the MPs attempt to argue
that

 the MTS Ruling somehow did not comply with the Federal Court Order, which

 misrepresents what the Order actually says. Even though the Federal Court Order
and the

 MTS Ruling denied their requests to strike portions of Exhibit 16, the carriers
continue to

 argue as if their requests were granted.

 A. The MPs Misrepresent the Scope of the Federal Court

 Order

 The MPs argue that because the Federal Court Order limited Dr. Selwyn's access

 to subscription data, it therefore follows that any calculations he performed
using that

 data should be stricken from the record. The carriers' logic is that he could
not have

 2 Request for Clarification at 4.

 166399037 3

 performed his analysis "unless he had access to the Form 477 subscription data,
which

 per the PI Order, Dr. Selwyn should not have had access to for purposes of
developing

 his June 1 Testimony."3 However, they have raised this argument twice already,
and it

 has been rejected both times.

 First, in the carriers' June 28 Motion to Enforce Preliminary Order before
Judge

 Chhabria, the carriers requested that: "the Court should prohibit the CPUC from
taking

 any actions in its ongoing proceeding in reliance on Dr. Selwyn's testimony
utilizing the

 Form 477 data pending the Court's resolution of Plaintiffs' motion for a
permanent

 injunction."4 The carriers clarified this request by asking the court to
"require the

 withdrawal of any testimony, again, including Dr. Selwyn's, that relied upon
those

 data."5

 Second, the carriers raised this argument in their August 4 Supplement motion
to

 the ALJ, stating: "to effectuate the Court's order, the testimony that ORA
filed using that

 data on June 1 and July 15, 2016, contravenes the preliminary injunction and
must be

 stricken."6

 The August 3 Federal Court Order by Judge Chhabria, which is attached to the

 Coalition's Supplement, clarifies the preliminary injunction as follows: "the
CPUC may

 not allow anyone other than a direct employee to possess the data that are the
subject of

 the injunction", and thus directs the CPUC to "retrieve any of the data in Dr.
Selwyn's

 possession immediately." The Order does not state that the Commission must
strike any

 of Dr. Selwyn's testimony from the record, even though the Coalition
specifically

 requested that he do so. The Federal Court Order states that "[t]he remaining
requests by

 the plaintiffs are denied as overbroad, unripe, or unnecessary." Thus the Order
denies the

 3 Request for Clarification at 5.

 4 Coalition Motion to Enforce Preliminary Injunction at 10.

 5 Id. at 11.

 6 Coalition Supplement to Motion to Strike at 2.

 166399037 4

 request to strike portions of Exhibit 16 from the record, and there is no
reason to do so

 now.

 Further, in the MTS Ruling dated August 8, the ALJ correctly notes: "The May 20


 and August 3, 2016 Orders explicitly do not contest the Commission's ability to
use the

 granular, disaggregated (carrier-specific) subscription data in question. Nor
does that

 granular data appear in Dr. Selwyn's testimony."7 The MTS Ruling follows the
letter

 and intent of the Federal Court Order, which did not strike any of Dr. Selwyn's
analysis.

 B. The MPs Misstate the Rationale of the MTS Ruling

 The MPs point out that the MTS Ruling struck Columns 6 and 7 from Table 13 of

 Exhibit 16, but not Column 5 titled "Total Subs. with 25/3 in Footprint".8 The
MPs argue

 that Column 5 is "clearly subscription data and appears to be a sum of the
providerspecific

 Form 477 subscriber data in Column 6 that, per the PI Order, Dr. Selwyn should

 not have had access to and which the MTS Ruling specifically struck." However,
as

 noted above, the Federal Court Order never struck any data from the record, and
thus the

 MTS Ruling was not obliged to strike any of Dr. Selwyn's analysis based on the
data, and

 correctly did not do so.

 Instead, the MTS Ruling, in an abundance of caution, struck data from Table 13,


 but not any of the analysis based on the data. Furthermore, the MTS Ruling did
not strike

 the other tables in Exhibit 16 that contain subscription data. For example,
Tables 11A

 and 11B (County Level HHIs and MDIs), and Table 12 (Metropolitan Area HHIs and

 MDIs) are not stricken from the record. This is because there is an important
distinction

 between Tables 11A and 11B and 12, and Table 13 - that is, Tables 11 and 12
utilize

 aggregated, county level subscription data that reveals nothing about the
carriers in each

 county. As noted above, the MTS Ruling found that the use of granular,
carrier-related

 subscription is not prohibited by the Federal Court Order, but nevertheless the
MTS

 Ruling strikes Table 13 which lists carrier-specific data, presumably because
such carrier-

 7 MTS Ruling at 4.

 8 Request for Clarification at 4.

 166399037 5

 specific data may be at issue "pending final resolution of the federal court
litigation."9

 Tables 11A, 11B, and 12 do not reveal any carrier-specific data. Table 13
reveals

 aggregated carrier-specific data within the carriers' footprints, and it
appears that in an

 abundance of caution the ALJ struck the two columns from Table 13 that reveal
overly

 specific data.

 It is important to note that ORA did not use any part of Table 13 in its OB,

 although it was not prohibited from doing so. The HHI and MDI discussion by ORA
in

 its OB relies solely on aggregated county level data in Tables 11 and 12.10

 However, the MPs do not restrict their request to removing merely Column 5 of

 Table 13. The carriers go way beyond that, requesting that "any testimony that
Dr.

 Selwyn developed based on his having access to "Commission Only Information,"
which

 he has since returned to the Commission pursuant to Judge Chhabria's 8/3 Order,
must be

 deleted, including but not limited to any Tables with such data, any sections
of his

 testimonies discussing his HHI and MDI calculations and any conclusions he
reached

 based on those calculations."11 Additionally, the carriers also request Column
9 of Table

 13 be stricken, and Tables 11A, 11B, and 12 also be stricken in their entirety.
Finally, the

 carriers demand that "ORA should also be directed to file a revised opening
brief in

 accordance with the revised versions of Dr. Selwyn's testimony."12 The sole
basis is a

 purported "understanding" by the carriers that the MTS Ruling meant to strike
all

 testimony related in any way to subscription data of any kind, even though it
did not so

 state.

 The carriers' misstate the rationale behind the MTS Ruling. They allege that
the

 MTS Ruling "recognizes" that Dr. Selwyn's testimony includes data "which have
been

 9 MTS Ruling at 4.

 10 See for example, pages 52-54 of ORA's OB.

 11 Request for Clarification at 5.

 12 Request for Clarification at 6.

 166399037 6

 designated as "Commission Only Information.""13 However, they ignore other

 statements in the MTS Ruling that specifically permit the use of subscription
data. For

 example, the MTS Ruling states: "the Commission can - under both California law
and

 the Court's May 20 and August 3, 2016 Orders - use the underlying data."14 The
MTS

 Ruling further notes that "statewide subscription numbers appear in the public
record and

 are submitted in ARMIS reports as generically "confidential,"" (i.e., not
Commissiononly).

 Thus, the MTS Ruling does not imply, much less state, that all analysis of

 subscription data must be removed from the record. The MTS Ruling states
clearly that

 the Commission is not required to strike any data based on the letter and
intent of Federal

 Court Order, and it only strikes two columns of one table in Exhibit 16 solely
in an

 abundance of caution, not because of any alleged requirement. Striking
testimony from

 the official record was clearly not the stated intent of either the Federal
Court Order or

 the MTS Ruling, despite being repeatedly requested to do so by the carriers.

 C. The MPs Seek To Strike "Availability" Data, Which was

 not the Subject of the Preliminary Injunction or the MTS

 Ruling

 Finally, the MPs seek to strike Columns 2-4 and 8 of Table 13, because "these

 columns all appear to be based on Form 477 availability data."15 The carriers'
apparently

 argue that availability data for 2015 is not yet publicly available.
(Availability data16 as

 reported on Form 477 is the number of households in a given geographic area
(census

 block) where a carrier offers service, as opposed to the number of households
that

 actually do subscribe.) However, this is a novel argument that has not been
raised by the

 carriers in Federal Court, in their Motion to Strike, or in their Supplement to
their Motion

 to Strike, and should be denied.

 13 Request for Clarification at 4.

 14 MTS Ruling at 4.

 15 Request for Clarification at 4.

 16 Also referred to as "deployment data" by the FCC.

 166399037 7

 Although the FCC's Form 477 contains availability data as well as subscription

 data, availability data has long been publicly available.17 Since it is public,
there is

 obviously no FCC policy that requires availability data to be maintained as
"Commission

 Only", and thus there is no grounds to strike the data at this time. The
carriers have never

 made the argument that availability data should be stricken from Dr. Selwyn's
testimony,

 and it is too late to try now.

 III. CONCLUSION

 The Commission should deny the Moving Parties' Request for Clarification for

 the reasons stated herein. The carriers seek to strike data and analysis that
is essential in

 evaluating the telecommunications marketplace in California - data that the
Commission

 is legitimately entitled to receive and utilize in making its findings in this
proceeding

 regarding the state of competition in California.

 Respectfully submitted,

 /s/ TRAVIS T. FOSS

 Travis T. Foss

 Attorney for the Office of Ratepayer Advocates

 California Public Utilities Commission

 505 Van Ness Ave.

 San Francisco, CA 94102

 Phone: (415) 703-1998

 August 23, 2016 Email: travis.foss@cpuc.ca.gov

 17 https://www.fcc.gov/general/broadband-deployment-data-fcc-form-477

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/reports/broadband-progress-reports/2016-bro
adband-progress-report

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/maps/bpr-2016-fixed-25mbps-3mbps-deployment
/

https://www.fcc.gov/reports-research/maps/bpr-2016-fixed-25mbps-3mbps-providers/
.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday
                                 SECOND EDITION

YOUR VIEWS - LETTERS FROM OUR READERS OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 1230 words


St. Louis County should join Partnership for Hope program

Bill McClellan's column "Goodbye, St. Louis County" (March 9) provides a clear
example of the effect St. Louis County is having on its developmentally disabled
residents and their families by refusing to participate in Missouri's
Partnership for Hope program.

Partnership for Hope is a unique collaboration between county developmental
disability boards, the Missouri Department of Mental Health and federal Medicaid
services. The program aims to prevent individuals with developmental disability
situations from deteriorating to the point of crisis by assisting with their
transportation, housing, technology, personal assistance, and physical and
behavioral health needs. Through the cost-sharing mechanism, counties draw down
81 cents for every 19 cents they put into the program.

Since 2010, thousands of people have been offered services that traditional
Medicaid does not cover, such as dental care and employment support. Currently,
there are 595 Missourians with developmental disabilities on the Medicaid
In-Home Wait List, and 88 percent of them live in St. Louis County. Our county
is one of only 14 in Missouri that have declined to be a part of Partnership for
Hope. This initiative serves more than 2,600 Missourians, and it is time for St.
Louis County residents to have access to these benefits as well.

St. Louis County residents pay taxes to support the Productive Living Board,
which assists residents with developmental disabilities, and this money could
fund the county's share of the Partnership for Hope program. What the Productive
Living Board does is a local matter, but the Partnership for Hope issue affects
the rest of Missouri because of the impact on state general revenue and funding
for the needs of developmentally disabled individuals.

Over the past several weeks, I have met with St. Louis County officials to
encourage them to consider joining Partnership for Hope. If the county acts
quickly, we can prevent more families from having to leave the city they call
home to obtain the services their loved one needs.

State Rep. Sue Allen o R-Town and Country

Big spenders promote Democratic candidates, too

It is shameful that Harry Reid along with other Democrats attack the Koch
brothers, who support conservative causes and use their money to promote
candidates (Republicans) who support those views ("Senate Democrats aim ire at
rich, obscure brothers," March 11), while notably ignoring rich individuals like
George Soros and Michael Bloomberg, who use their money to support the liberal
agenda and Democratic candidates.

If Democrats hope to turn voters against the Koch brothers, then in all
fairness, they should also distance themselves from Soros and Bloomberg. Why are
Soros and Bloomberg any different from the Kochs?

F.A. Ruecker o Manchester

County won't thrive if the city fails

I have just been reading Gene Carton's letter "Cooperation, but not unification,
between city and county" (March 6). Among other comments, he says, "Quite
frankly, as a suburbanite, I don't relish inheriting the problems of the city."

What mystifies me about this comment, made or implied by other letter writers as
well, is their failure to see that, like it or not, the county is inevitably
affected by the problems of the city. It is the center of this metropolitan
region, and therefore what happens in the city affects us all. If it fails
economically or in other ways, there is no way for the county to truly thrive.

Does it make me somewhat nervous as a county resident to consider how
reunification may change where I live? Of course it does! For example, when we
moved to this area over 20 years ago with young children, a large part of our
choice of where to live and why not to live in the city was our concern to have
good schools, and we were very happy with the education they received in the
Kirkwood schools.

But why should we assume that integrating all the schools in the city and county
should necessarily result in the decline of county schools? Why should the
reverse not be true, as city schools acquire resources and funding more equal to
county schools? The children who have come from underperforming schools to
better-resourced schools in the county have by and large shown energy and
commitment to use those resources; surely all children in the city should have
that opportunity.

There are always rough spots in any transition such as the reunification of the
city and county, but without risk and openness to change, there is no growth
either.

Shari Kelts o Kirkwood

Editorial misrepresents facts about Ameren's rates, earnings

Customers of Ameren Missouri have some of the lowest electric rates in the
United States. They are 24 percent below the national average because Ameren
Missouri takes very seriously our job to provide dependable service while
minimizing rate impacts.

The editorial "Power hungry" (March 9) misrepresents Ameren's commitment to
transparency and our earnings.

"Why won't Ameren simply open up its books?" the editorial asks. The short
answer is, "We do." A little more than a year ago, the Missouri Public Service
Commission completed, with input from more than a dozen other parties, a
thorough review of Ameren Missouri's records in setting the rates currently in
place. In fact, our books have been open five times in the past six years, and
they will be open again in four months. It's simply inaccurate to suggest that
Ameren is lacking transparency. Moreover, we are a public company whose
financial statements are public record each quarter.

Is Ameren Missouri over-earning? No. Since the last time our rates were set,
costs to fuel our power plants have risen, and we have invested more than $1
billion in infrastructure to provide customers with reliable electric service
and cleaner air. These expenditures are not currently reflected in our current
rates, which will need to be updated to reflect these new investments we have
made to better serve our customers.

Electric infrastructure in Missouri is, in some places, approaching 100 years
old. Rate increases are sometimes necessary to support needed ongoing
investments in infrastructure to ensure Missourians have dependable service.
It's not "gluttonous" to replace and upgrade aging infrastructure. It's the
responsible and right thing to do.

Warren Wood o Jefferson City Vice president of legislative and regulatory
affairs, Ameren Missouri

Daylight saving time puts midday nowhere near noon

In "Almanac" on March 9 we learned that, on that day, the sun rose at 7:21 a.m.
and set at 7:02 p.m. Some arithmetic shows that the midpoint between these
events occurred 11 minutes and 30 seconds after 1 p.m. As St. Louis is only a
dozen miles or so west of the 90 degree meridian, these figures remind us that
once again we have reached the time of year when midday is nowhere near noon.
Why do we continue with the foolishness of daylight saving time?

Eric Mason o St. Louis

Find a better replacement for 'Doonesbury'

First, I'd like to applaud your decision to not just run "Doonesbury" repeats
while Garry Trudeau is on hiatus. However, the decision to replace it with
"Lola" leaves something to be desired. I actually think "Lola" is not a bad
strip. However surely there must be another option that is more in keeping with
the intellectual level of "Doonesbury." Please try again.

Jim Ross Jr. o St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Editorial Cartoon by JOHN DARKOW o Columbia Tribune - President Barack
Obama holding note which reads PUTIN TAKES CRIMEA!: "WHY WERE WE CAUGHT OFF
GUARD ON THIS?!" NSA reply: "Because we've been busy spying on Americans!"

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 25, 2003 Tuesday

LETTERS, FAXES & E-MAIL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 917 words


Backer of creationism misrepresents the truth

Dear Editor, In his letter of March 4 on creationism and evolution, John Henry
misstated many facts, only a few of which I can address here.

Henry, a math teacher, does not seem to understand that science is quite
different from his chosen field. In math, you can point to a specific "proof,"
located in one place. Similarly, he wants to point to one place in the Bible and
say that is the explanation. But science requires evidence, and that evidence
may come from biology, geology, genetics, etc. and is found in numerous
scientific journals and books. It is not simple. It amazes me that a math
teacher thinks he knows more about biology and other scientific areas than
almost all of those who specialize in those fields.

Also, Henry said that the Rational Examination Association of Lincoln Land
(REALL), the group of which I am chairman, turned down "the opportunity" for him
to give a speech to us. Having him give a talk on his pseudoscience to a group
promoting critical thinking would be like having an astrologer speak to the
American Astronomical Society. He left out the fact that we invited him to
submit an article criticizing evolution to our newsletter, which would have run
unedited but with our response accompanying it. He declined.

A third point Henry made was that we would not debate local creationists. I have
explained to him many times that a debate proves nothing about science - it only
shows who is the better debater. Science is determined by evidence. And the
evidence supports evolution.

After all the times Henry and I have talked, it is both sad and frustrating to
see him misrepresent the truth the way he has done here.

Anybody wishing more information can contact me at chairman@reall.org.

David Bloomberg, chairman

Rational Examination Association of

Lincoln Land

Wife responds to letter about Libri's military record

Dear Editor,

On Saturday, The State Journal-Register printed a letter authored by A.J.
Knappmeyer accusing my husband of exaggerating his record of accomplishment in
the U.S. armed services.

I would like to respond.

Mr. Knappmeyer, thank you for your service to this country. Without people like
you defending our way of life, my family would not have the freedom we so
thankfully enjoy today.

One of my husband's greatest qualities is his humility. He actually debated
whether to include the phrase "highly decorated" in campaign literature.

Approximately one year after we were married, the military unit my husband
commanded was deployed to the Bosnian conflict. When he came to me with this
news he also came prepared to inform me that as an elected official, he was not
mandated to leave his new wife and two teenage daughters to serve his country.
His exact words to me were, "I am going. I have to be with my men."

He didn't say these words after consulting with any local political expert on
how his active war-time service would benefit his career. He said those words
because, if necessary, he was willing to give his life for his country.

During his time overseas, he received five different military awards, making him
one of Illinois' most decorated servicemen to serve in the Bosnian conflict.
Very few people know this because of his desire to remain humble.

We are at war. We are also in an election, and patriotism is at a premium. As a
former Marine you pledged semper fi, always faithful. Unfortunately, you have
chosen to make local politics a priority over solidarity with a fellow Marine.

My husband didn't begin volunteering his time and money to local charities and
organizations when he decided to run for mayor. He has dedicated his entire
adult life to serving both this city and the country he loves.

Win or lose, he will continue.

Ann Libri

Springfield

Libri has put his heart into serving this country

Dear Editor,

I feel it necessary to respond to Master Sgt. A.J. Knappmeyer's letter
criticizing Tony Libri's military service. I'm grateful for A.J.'s service to
our country, as well as Tony's service. I know Tony has defended freedom
overseas in Bosnia, Hungary, Croatia, Panama and Germany. He enlisted in the
U.S. Marine Corps at the age of 17, and also served as an active duty Army
officer. He is currently a colonel in the Illinois Army National Guard.

I disagree with A.J. that Tony is not a "highly decorated" veteran. Tony has
received 19 different military decorations and awards, including the Armed
Forces Expeditionary Medal, NATO Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, and the
Humanitarian Service Medal. A.J. states Tony served in the rear echelon as a
member of the National Guard. That's false. Tony served in a forward position in
the Bosnian conflict, for example.

In A.J.'s letter he implies that Tony has not received any commendation medals.
In fact, he received two Army Commendation medals. In addition, he received the
Joint Service Commendation Medal, two Meritorious Service Medals, Joint Service
Achievement Medal and two Army Achievement Medals - just to name to a few. Just
because Tony was never injured in combat and didn't receive the Purple Heart
doesn't mean Tony hasn't put his heart into serving his country.

It's unfortunate that politics is causing someone to call into question Tony's
military experience. As a Marine Corps veteran, I would want Tony next to me in
the foxhole any day.  Tony - semper fi!

Wes Barr, former U.S. Marine

Proud Libri for mayor volunteer

Cantrall

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTERS

                   Copyright 2003 The State Journal-Register


                              186 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                            January 28, 2002 Monday

Zinni tells 'Post:' I never called Arafat a mafioso

BYLINE: JANINE ZACHARIA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 477 words


WASHINGTON - US special Middle East envoy Anthony Zinni said yesterday certain
people are trying to spoil his mediation effort by attributing false statements
to him about the Palestinian leadership.

Zinni told The Jerusalem Post that reports in Hebrew- language newspapers
claiming he described the Palestinian Authority as a "mafia" and Palestinian
Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat as the "godfather" of the mafia were false.

"It is lies and gross distortions that are only designed by those who put it out
to hurt our peace efforts," Zinni said.

A report in the daily Ma'ariv said Zinni, at a closed dinner meeting at the
White House over the weekend, called Arafat "capo di tutti capi" (head of the
mafia), and that preventive security service heads Jibril Rajoub and Mohammed
Dahlan behave like "capi," or members of the mafia.

The report said he also referred to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon as a "papa
bear." But no such dinner took place at the White House, and Zinni was not in
Washington this weekend.

A similar report in Yediot Aharonot said Zinni had described Arafat as "an
incorrigible liar" at a recent meeting in Washington with AIPAC and senior
officials at the Israeli embassy in Washington.

An Israeli official in Washington said Zinni made no such comments during the
meeting at the embassy on January 17 during IDF Chief of Staff Lt.-Gen. Shaul
Mofaz's visit, and an AIPAC official, when asked about the reported "mafia"
comments and others, said he had never heard anything of the sort.

Zinni said he had no idea where the report originated.

The alleged comments were sent to the Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem in a
diplomatic cable from Washington by diplomats here who were briefed by an
unidentified Jewish official.

The reported comments emerged as the US reevaluates its relationship with Arafat
and as the most senior US officials openly question Arafat's integrity.

Herb Keinon adds:

A participant in the dinner where Zinni's remarks about Arafat were allegedly
made said last night that the reports were "grossly distorted."

Steve Rosen, AIPAC's director of foreign policy issues, said reports of Zinni's
remarks at the dinner last Tuesday night in Washington, which included three
other Jewish leaders, "are grossly inaccurate and misrepresent what he said."

According to Rosen, the reports of the conversation omit much of what was said,
thereby dramatically altering the meaning and "creating a false picture."

Rosen said Zinni "spoke in a candid manner, as people do. He said many punchy
things about all kinds of personalities. Some of the things are accurate in a
narrow sense, but misrepresent the overall meaning - leaving out things that
change the meaning."

There were "no survivors" when Zinni finished, Rosen said, "no one came across
that great." Rosen said the reports "distort Zinni's intended meaning, and are
grossly unfair to him."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 14, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Irresponsible media won't make USA safer

BYLINE: J. Warren Cassidy, Guest columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 374 words


My guess is you couldn't name deranged criminal Patrick Edward Purdy. Yet you
probably remembered ''semiautomatic'' or ''AK-47.''

Why? Because the USA's unabashedly anti-gun media have taught you to focus your
fury on the firearm, not the felon.

Proof: Your government didn't respond with tougher criminal laws, or more mental
health treatment, or reformed plea-bargain and parole policies.

It has instead busied itself with expensive and pointless plans to outlaw a huge
class of firearms lawfully owned for almost a century.

Example: To the left, you can read a typical media plea for more anti-gun laws,
ignoring the question of why the existing 20,000 laws don't work.

Yet I applaud USA TODAY for the journalistic integrity to put its opinion where
it belongs: on the editorial page. Time magazine, publicly opposed to gun
ownership, packages its editorial position and passes it off as news.

The lurid cover of this week's Time promises a 28-page photo parade of 464
''deaths by gun.'' What it delivers is a flagrant and damaging attack upon
firearms.

There's no mention of the 70 million law-abiding Americans who safely and sanely
owned firearms that same week. There's no mention of the 743 deaths from the flu
that same week. But such stories don't sell magazines.

The average fatality was a 37-year-old male. Yet Time chose a most tragic and
least representative death - a 17-year-old female accident victim - for its
cover.

Most of the deaths were suicides, in which gun laws were irrelevant. Most of the
rest were drug related or homicides, in which gun laws were ignored.

The remaining few accidental deaths are equally deplorable, but were perhaps
preventable. Does anybody, including the media, even come close to the NRA in
promoting safe and responsible firearms ownership?

Such morbid pandering belongs with the tabloids at supermarket checkouts where
sensationalism is understood to be harmless trash.

But when influential media openly misrepresent gun ownership to intentionally
erode belief in the Second Amendment, which guarantees law-abiding citizens the
right to keep and bear arms, freedom-loving Americans can no longer remain
silent.

''Influential media openly misrepresent gun ownership.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

An opposing view

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              188 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

NH Attorney General probes 'voter shaming' mail

BYLINE: Meghan Foley, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 773 words


Feb. 11--A political tactic known as "voter shaming" has made an appearance in
Cheshire County and other parts of the state, prompting the N.H. Attorney
General's Office to investigate.

In the days leading up to Tuesday's N.H. Primary, residents from across New
Hampshire, including Cheshire County, received mailings telling them whether or
not they and their neighbors voted in state and federal elections during the
past four years.

The letter displays a logo saying it's from the New Hampshire State Voter
Program, and at the bottom of the page, it states the mailing was paid for by an
organization called Public Policy Matters, which uses a post office box in
Manchester as its address.

There isn't a political action committee by that name registered either in New
Hampshire or in Federal Election Commission files, according to The New York
Times.

The group isn't registered as a business, nonprofit organization or charity with
the N.H. Secretary of State's Office, and appears to have no Internet presence.

The New York Times defines voter shaming as a controversial tactic used to
encourage people to turn out to vote.

One of the residents who received the mailing was Russell F. Mills of Spofford,
who said the letter that came to his house was addressed to his daughter,
Bethanie.

He said even before he opened the letter, he was surprised to see it because
Bethanie hasn't lived there for over 20 years.

Further, when he opened the letter, he didn't recognize any of the other nine
names or addresses it listed, he said.

"I thought it was a little disturbing," he said. "First of all, it's nobody's
business who you're voting for, or if you vote, as far as I'm concerned."

Mills provided The Sentinel with a copy of the one-page letter he received,
which is dated Feb. 4. The Sentinel has received reports of other area residents
receiving the mailing.

The mailing begins by asking the recipient, in all capital letters, "What if
your friends, your neighbors, and your community knew whether you voted?"

It then asks why so many people don't vote, and how the problem can be fixed.

"This year, we're taking a new approach," the letter said. "We're sending this
mailing to you, some of your friends, neighbors, colleagues at work and
community members to make them aware of who does and does not vote."

The letter includes a chart with the title, "New Hampshire Voter Report." It
lists the resident's name and address first, and then others followed by three
columns saying whether each person voted in the November 2012, September 2014
and November 2014 elections. A fourth column for the February N.H. Primary
contains question marks.

Each letter includes different names, addresses and voting records, but
otherwise identical wording.

Assistant Attorney General Stephen G. LaBonte said Wednesday that his office has
heard from "a number of voters" across New Hampshire about the letters, and the
department's looking into whether they're illegal.

He wasn't sure how many complaints his office received, but staff started
receiving them last week, and they were still coming in as of Wednesday, he
said. He declined to comment about the substance of the letter due to the
investigation.

Terri M. Hood, assistant Keene city clerk, said the office is aware of residents
receiving the letters.

Under state law, some voter information is public, but only if it's on the voter
checklist, she said. That includes a person's name, address and party
affiliation, she said.

After an election, the public's also allowed to view the voter checklist, which
indicates who voted and who didn't, she said.

A voter shaming tactic similar to the one used in New Hampshire was reported in
Iowa leading up to that's states caucus. Those letters were traced back to the
campaign of U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas.

Cruz responded by saying he wouldn't apologize "for using every tool we can to
encourage Iowa voters to come out and vote."

Iowa's Secretary of State Paul Pate spoke against the letter, saying it "
misrepresents the role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election
law," according to a Jan. 31 CNN article.

The New Yorker reported the tactic also being used by MoveOn.org in 2012 to
re-elect President Barack Obama, and said it originates from a 2008 paper
published by researchers at Yale University about social pressure being one of
the most effective ways to get people to vote.

Meghan Foley can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1436, or
mfoley@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MFoleyKS.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160211-KN-NH-Attorney-General-probes-voter-shaming-mail-20160211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                              189 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

            February 11, 2004 Wednesday Five Star Late Lift Edition

LETTERS FROM READERS

SECTION: ST. CHARLES COUNTY POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 322 words


Column misrepresented Wahl's Systematic belief

A response to John Sonderegger's "Talk of Charleytown" Monday, Feb. 2, 2004.

Even as we part company, columnist John Sonderegger has once again
misrepresented the fundamental aspects of the Systematic Faith. He suggests that
we believe "if it feels good, do it, and don't worry about it."

Nothing could be further from the truth. I remember the day I brought 12 copies
of the Systematic book to the offices of the St. Charles Post-Dispatch and
handed them out freely. Had anyone cared to examine them, they would have
discovered that, in the Systematic Faith, we believe that our lives will be
reviewed in detail - and that we will directly experience both the pain and the
joy that we have inflicted upon others. Whatever we do, we will be held
responsible for it throughout eternity. This is hardly an "anything goes"
philosophy.

I had hoped that my letter of January 18 was to be my goodbye to St. Charles
County, but you refused to print it in its entirety. Instead, you chose to
misrepresent my faith while mucking it. When the clergy fellowship publicly
invited all faiths to join, they changed their minds when it came to me. And,
while this St. Charles County Post columnist claims to have a background in
journalism, he must have been absent on the day they taught the basics of
fact-checking.

As I watch St. Charles County fade in the rearview mirror of my old truck, I
will think of this place often; a county of unsurpassed natural beauty, now
inexorably being paved over by taxpayer-subsidized developers; a county in which
the idea of putting sewage-treatment plants on swimming lakes is given serious
consideration; a county that still has a chief prosecutor who uses the resources
of his office to indulge in censorship; a county served by a newspaper monopoly
that misrepresents and mocks the religious beliefs of others.

T.L. Wahl

Lake Saint Louis

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              190 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    March 9, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Gays and reality

BYLINE: LEONARD WINN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10


I also attended the showing of the two videos viewed by Christian Hackbusch on
Feb. 21 ("Inaccurate, dangerous propaganda misrepresents gay reality," March 5)
and would like to clarify a few points:

- At the end of the showing, we were invited to ask questions. Mr. Hackbusch
stood up and launched into his condemnation of the videos after outlining his
qualifications and position. He was listened to politely and the only comment I
heard from others was from a woman who challenged his contention that
homosexuality was condoned in the Bible, and another woman remarking that school
should be teaching children how to read and write and get a job. When Mr.
Hackbusch had presented his view for some time, he was asked, politely, to sit
down so that the rest of the meeting could continue. We must assume that these
comments represent being "repeatedly interrupted and jeered."

- Educational pamphlets available at the meeting and the videos emphasized the
unhealthy nature of homosexual practices; however, these are not statistics with
a "fundamental bias," but hard facts from the American Journal of Public Health,
American Journal of Epidemiology, Lancet, Nebraska Medical Journal and others.

If for no other reason, I am opposed to having my children taught that the
homosexual lifestyle is a "healthy alternative" to monogamous heterosexual
marriage, when this is clearly untrue.

How Mr. Hackbusch reconciles his active homosexuality and his faith as a
Christian is between him and God. It is clear, however, that the "inaccurate,
dangerous propaganda misrepresent(ing) gay reality" is not coming from
"fundamentalist Christians" like me.

It is instructive to notice that Mr. Hackbusch never used the word "propaganda,"
that was added by the Ottawa Citizen.

Leonard Winn, Orleans



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 1994

LENGTH: 303 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                            June 21, 2003, Saturday

MAKE CHECKLIST OF OWNER'S DUTIES; MOBILE HOME LAW

BYLINE: DAN PERRY Ledger Correspondent

SECTION: Real Estate; Pg. 16L; 7W

LENGTH: 723 words


Q. How should we organize our collection of observations, notes, and
descriptions of problems in our mobile home park? We realize that we will need
to show that services have been reduced to succeed in mediation or litigation
this fall. We also have collected all the advertisements the park owner has used
over the years to show how promises have been made but not kept. What do we do
with these advertisements?

A. Since the focus on a reduction in services centers around what duties the
park owner has violated, a review of Chapter 723 provides you with a handy
checklist of reductions in services. Keep in mind that you should still
photograph, videotape, or otherwise document the problems. It would be very
helpful to your lawyer and enhance your presentation at mediation or trial if
you organize your observations around the following duties of the park owner.
Advertisements showing broken promises by the park owner are equally important.

When referring to park owners, I also am referring to park management. Section
723.003(7) of the Florida Mobile Home Act defines the term "park owner" to mean
an "owner or operator of a mobile home park."

Some of the following may seem repetitious, but each is legally a separate item
of discussion or inquiry.:

Park owners must furnish each prospective lessee, prior to the execution of a
lease agreement, a copy of the approved prospectus or offering circular, with
all exhibits including a copy of the lease agreement. (Section 723.011(1)(a) and
(2))

Park owners must comply with building, housing, and health codes. (Section
723.022(1))

Park owners must maintain buildings and improvements in a good state of repair
and maintenance. (Section 723.022(2))

Park owners must maintain the common areas in a good state of appearance,
safety, and cleanliness. (Section 723.022(2))

Park owners must provide access to the common areas, including buildings and
improvements. (Section 723.022(3))

Park owners must maintain utility connections and systems. (Section 723.022(4))

Park owners must comply with park rules and regulations and require guests to
comply. (Section 723.022(5))

Park owners must not disturb park residents or breach the peace and not allow
guests to disturb park residents or breach the peace. (Section 723.022(5))

Park owners must require homeowners to comply with building, housing, and health
codes. (Section 723.023(1))

Park owners must require homeowners to keep their mobile home lot clean and
sanitary. (Section 723.023(2))

Park owners must require homeowners and guests not to disturb other residents or
breach the peace. (Section 723.023(3))

Park owners must require homeowners and their guests to comply with park rules
and regulations. (Section 723.023(3))

Park owners must not have unauthorized access to mobile home. (Section 723.025)

Park owners must not unreasonably interfere with quiet enjoyment of the mobile
home lot by mobile home owners. (Section 723.025)

Park owners must engage in good faith and fair dealings in the performance or
enforcement of the lot rental agreement and any duty under Chapter 723. (Section
723.021)

Park owners must not misrepresent a fact or create a false or misleading
impression regarding the mobile home or mobile home park. (Section
723.016(4)(a))

Park owners must not misrepresent the size, nature, extent, qualities, or
characteristics of the offered facilities. (Section 723.016(4)(c))

Park owners must not misrepresent the nature or extent of any service incident
to the tenancy. (Section 723.016(4)(d))

Park owners must not permit advertising materials or oral statements to contain
any asterisk or other reference symbol as a means of contradicting or
substantially changing any statement previously made or as a means of obscuring
a material fact. (Section 723.016(4)(b))

To summarize, the above may be helpful to organize and outline more efficiently
what you have collected or observed.

Daniel W. Perry is a former county judge. His practice centers around the
representation of mobile homeowner associations, residential cooperatives and
subdivisions. Questions or comments can be sent to The Ledger, P.O. Box 408,
Lakeland, 33802 or faxed to 407-894-1437. Some questions may be answered in the
column. He also can be reached at dperry@weblawyer.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              192 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

The Florida Supreme Court Opinion: SC07-1664 In Re: Standard Jury Instructions
In Criminal Cases &#226;&#128;[#xfffd] Report No. 2007-7

LENGTH: 2100  words

DATELINE: New York



 Tallahassee: The Florida Supreme Court has issued the following opinion:



  Supreme Court of Florida

 _____________

 No. SC07-1664

 _____________

 IN RE: STANDARD JURY INSTRUCTIONS IN CRIMINAL CASES--REPORT NO. 2007-7.

 [April 24, 2008]

 PER CURIAM.

 The Supreme Court Committee on Standard Jury Instructions in Criminal Cases
(Committee) has submitted proposed new Standard Criminal Jury Instructions
20.13, Fraudulent Use or Possession of Personal Identification Information, and
20.17, Fraudulent Use or Possession of Personal Identification Information
Concerning a Deceased Individual. The Committee asks that the Court authorize
the proposed standard instructions for publication and use. We have
jurisdiction. See art. V, § 2(a), Fla. Const.



 Previously, on December 1, 2006, the Committee filed Report No. 2006-02,
concerning twenty-three proposals to the Standard Jury Instructions in Criminal
Cases. The Court authorized for publication and use all of the Committee's

 - 2 -

 proposals except for proposed new instructions 20.13 and 20.17. In re Standard
Jury Instructions in Criminal Cases--Report No. 2006-2, 962 So. 2d 310 (Fla.
2007). The Court referred those proposed instructions back to the Committee by
letter on July 16, 2007, for submission of revised proposals for new
instructions 20.13 and 20.17, which are now before the Court. Chapter 2005-229,
Laws of Florida, amended section 817.568, Florida Statutes, thereby creating new
offenses for identity theft. Instructions 20.13 and 20.17 are new instructions
covering those offenses established by sections 817.568(2) (fraudulent use or
possession of personal identification information without consent) and
817.568(8) (fraudulent use or possession of personal identification information
of a deceased person), respectively. The offenses include provisions for felony
reclassification where the offense was facilitated or furthered by use of a
public record, § 817.568(5), and where, for the purpose of obtaining or using
personal information, the individual misrepresents himself or herself to be a
law enforcement officer; an employee or representative of a bank, credit card
company, credit counseling company, or credit reporting agency; or wrongfully
misrepresents that he or she is assisting the victim with the victim's credit
history. § 817.568(10). Each instruction directs that the jury is to make these
findings if applicable.

 - 3 -

 In addition, with offenses based upon fraudulent use of personal identification
information, as opposed to fraudulent possession, the felony classification and
mandatory minimum penalty is determined based upon the pecuniary benefit, the
value of the services received, the payment to be avoided, the amount of injury
or fraud perpetrated, or the number of individuals whose personal identification
information was fraudulently used. § 817.568(2), (8), Fla. Stat. (2007). Once
again, the jury is instructed to make the finding as to pecuniary harm or number
of victims or both under both new instructions 20.13 and 20.17.

 Having considered the Committee's report and the one comment filed, we hereby
authorize the publication and use of the instructions, as set forth in the
appendix to this opinion. In doing so, we express no opinion on the correctness
of those instructions and remind all interested parties that this authorization
forecloses neither requesting additional or alternative instructions nor
contesting the legal correctness of the instructions. We further caution all
interested parties that any notes and comments associated with the instructions
reflect only the opinion of the Committee and are not necessarily indicative of
the views of this Court as to their correctness or applicability. New language
is indicated by underlining, and deleted

 - 4 -

 language is struck through. The instructions as set forth in the appendix1
shall be effective when this opinion becomes final. It is so ordered. LEWIS,
C.J., and WELLS, ANSTEAD, PARIENTE, QUINCE, CANTERO, and BELL, JJ., concur. NOT
FINAL UNTIL TIME EXPIRES TO FILE REHEARING MOTION, AND IF FILED, DETERMINED.
Original Proceeding - Standard Jury Instructions in Criminal Cases Judge Terry
David Terrell, Chair, Committee on Standard Jury Instructions in Criminal Cases,
First Judicial Circuit, Pensacola, Florida, for Petitioner

 1. The amendments as reflected in the appendix to this opinion are to the
Criminal Jury Instructions as they appear on the Court's website at
www.floridasupremecourt.org/jury_instructions/instructions.shtml. We recognize
that there may be minor discrepancies between the instructions as they appear on
the website and the published versions of the instructions. Any discrepancies as
to instructions authorized for publication and use after October 25, 2007,
should be resolved by reference to the published opinion of this Court
authorizing the instruction.

 - 5 -

 APPENDIX 20.13 FRAUDULENT USE OR POSSESSION OF PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION
INFORMATION § 817.568(2), Fla. Stat. To prove the crime of Fraudulent [Use]
[Possession] of Personal Identification Information, the State must prove the
following two elements beyond a reasonable doubt: 1. (Defendant) willfully and
without authorization [fraudulently used] [possessed with intent to fraudulently
use] personal identification information concerning (victim). 2. [He] [She] did
so without first obtaining the consent of (victim). Definitions.
&#226;&#128;[#xfffd]Willfully&#226;&#128;&#149; means intentionally and
purposely. &#226;&#128;[#xfffd]Fraudulently&#226;&#128;&#149; means purposely or
intentionally suppressing the truth or perpetrating a deception or both.
&#226;&#128;[#xfffd]Authorization&#226;&#128;&#149; means empowerment,
permission, or competence to act.

 &#226;&#128;[#xfffd]Personal identification information&#226;&#128;&#149; means
any name or number that may be used, alone or in conjunction with any other
information, to identify a specific individual, including any name, postal or
electronic mail address, telephone number, social security number, date of
birth, mother's maiden name, official state or United States issued driver's
license or identification number, alien registration number, government passport
number, employer or taxpayer's identification number, Medicaid or food stamp
account number, bank account number, credit or debit card number or personal
identification number or code assigned to the holder of a debit card by the
issuer to permit authorized use of such card, unique biometric data such as
fingerprint, voice print, retina or iris image, or other unique physical
representation, unique electronic identification number, address, or routing
code, medical record,

 - 6 -

 telecommunication identifying information or access device, or other number or
information that can be used to access a person's financial resources. Enhanced
penalty. Give if applicable. If you find the defendant guilty of Fraudulent Use
of Personal Identification Information, you must then determine whether the
State has further proved beyond a reasonable doubt that: Give only if Fraudulent
Use is charged. The pecuniary benefit, the value of the services received, the
payment sought to be avoided, or the amount of the injury or fraud perpetrated
was $5000 or more. The pecuniary benefit, the value of the services received,
the payment sought to be avoided, or the amount of the injury or fraud
perpetrated was $50,000 or more. The pecuniary benefit, the value of the
services received, the payment sought to be avoided, or the amount of the injury
or fraud perpetrated was $100,000 or more. The defendant fraudulently used the
personal identification information of 10 or more but fewer than 20 individuals
without their consent. The defendant fraudulently used the personal
identification information of 20 or more but fewer than 30 individuals without
their consent. The defendant fraudulently used the personal identification
information of 30 or more individuals without their consent. Give in all cases
if charged. The crime was facilitated or furthered by the use of a public
record. The defendant misrepresented [himself] [herself] to be [a law
enforcement officer] [an employee or representative of a bank, credit card
company, credit counseling company or credit reporting agency]. The defendant
wrongfully represented that [he] [she] was seeking to assist the victim with the
victim's credit history.

 - 7 -

 Lesser Included Offenses FRAUDULENT USE OR POSSESSION OF PERSONAL
IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION - 817.568(2)

 CATEGORY ONE

 CATEGORY TWO

 FLA. STAT.

 INS. NO.

 None

 Attempt

 777.04(1)

 5.1

 Harassment by use of personal identification information

 817.568(4)

 Comment This instruction was adopted in 2008.

 - 8 -

 20.17 FRAUDULENT USE OR POSSESSION OF PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
CONCERNING A DECEASED INDIVIDUAL § 817.568(8), Fla. Stat. To prove the crime of
Fraudulent [Use] [Possession] of Personal Identification Information Concerning
a Deceased Individual, the State must prove the following two elements beyond a
reasonable doubt: 1. (Defendant) willfully and without authorization
[fraudulently used] [possessed with intent to fraudulently use] personal
identification information concerning (victim). 2. (Victim) was deceased.
Definitions. &#226;&#128;[#xfffd]Willfully&#226;&#128;&#149; means intentionally
and purposely. &#226;&#128;[#xfffd]Fraudulently&#226;&#128;&#149; means
purposely or intentionally suppressing the truth or perpetrating a deception or
both. &#226;&#128;[#xfffd]Authorization&#226;&#128;&#149; means empowerment,
permission, or competence to act. &#226;&#128;[#xfffd]Personal identification
information&#226;&#128;&#149; means any name or number that may be used, alone
or in conjunction with any other information, to identify a specific individual,
including any name, postal or electronic mail address, telephone number, social
security number, date of birth, mother's maiden name, official state or United
States issued driver's license or identification number, alien registration
number, government passport number, employer or taxpayer's identification
number, Medicaid or food stamp account number, bank account number, credit or
debit card number or personal identification number or code assigned to the
holder of a debit card by the issuer to permit authorized use of such card,
unique biometric data such as fingerprint, voice print, retina or iris image, or
other unique physical representation, unique electronic identification number,
address, or routing code, medical record, telecommunication identifying
information or access device, or other number or information that can be used to
access a person's financial resources.

 - 9 -

 Enhanced penalty. Give if applicable. If you find the defendant guilty of
Fraudulent Use of Personal Identification Information of a Deceased Individual,
you must then determine whether the State has further proved beyond a reasonable
doubt that: Give only if Fraudulent Use is charged. The pecuniary benefit, the
value of the services received, the payment sought to be avoided, or the amount
of the injury or fraud perpetrated was $5000 or more. The pecuniary benefit, the
value of the services received, the payment sought to be avoided, or the amount
of the injury or fraud perpetrated was $50,000 or more. The pecuniary benefit,
the value of the services received, the payment sought to be avoided, or the
amount of the injury or fraud perpetrated was $100,000 or more. The defendant
fraudulently used the personal identification information of 10 or more but
fewer than 20 individuals without their consent. The defendant fraudulently used
the personal identification information of 20 or more but fewer than 30
individuals without their consent. The defendant fraudulently used the personal
identification information of 30 or more individuals without their consent. Give
in all cases if applicable. The crime was facilitated or furthered by the use of
a public record. The defendant misrepresented [himself] [herself] to be [a law
enforcement officer] [an employee or representative of a bank, credit card
company, credit counseling company or credit reporting agency]. The defendant
wrongfully represented that [he] [she] was seeking to assist the victim with the
victim's credit history. Lesser Included Offenses

 - 10 -

 FRAUDULENT USE OR POSSESSION OF PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION CONCERNING
A DECEASED INDIVIDUAL - 817.568(8)

 CATEGORY ONE

 CATEGORY TWO

 FLA. STAT.

 INS. NO.

 None

 Attempt

 777.04(1)

 5.1

 Comment This instruction was adopted in 2008.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 8, 2012 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

For safe nursing homes

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 1326 words


I agree with Jim Killackey's "Cameras would help protect state's elderly" (Point
of View, Nov. 30). I've made several attempts in the Legislature to address the
safety of our nursing home residents, to no avail. Privacy concerns and expense
are most often targeted in shooting down the concept of cameras in nursing
homes, but when the Government Accounting Office concludes that Oklahoma has the
second-worst nursing homes in North America, and we regularly hear of abuse
being uncovered, neither reason should supersede the obvious need for
implementation of emergency protective measures.

In place of such a rescue plan, staffing is subpar with vulnerable residents
being attended to by as many 30 to 40 part-time workers weekly. Privacy in these
facilities is subject to interpretation, at best. Greedy, unethical nursing
facility owners file bogus claims to get bonus dollars for their underperforming
nursing homes from a billion-dollar boondoggle, a taxpayer-funded program known
as "Focus on Excellence." Nursing homes don't have to carry liability coverage
for negligence/security, with operators spending their Focus on Excellence bonus
dollars on superfluous things such as cosmetic repairs to buildings or
landscape.

We behave as if we're grateful for anyone willing to come along and warehouse
our precious elderly and disabled. Instead we should be fighting to protect them
with everything we can muster! Cameras in nursing homes should be feared only by
those guilty of negligence and criminal intent. Let's use the state bonus
dollars to pay for cameras; family members will gladly sign privacy waivers!
Rep. Richard Morrissette,  Oklahoma City

Morrissette, a Democrat, represents District 92 in the Oklahoma House.

Too big and failing

"Too big to fail" is a familiar phrase. "Too big and keeps failing" is the
applicable phrase for Oklahoma City Public Schools. The Douglass High School
scandal should get the attention of the Legislature. It's time to come up with
an appropriate model that safeguards the finances and 40,000 children from the
leadership and management that has breached the public trust. The county
assessor should take notice as well. The district's failure and fraud don't
warrant an automatic annual increase to property values to support inflated
operating costs.

There are pockets of success in the district. Perhaps these would grow if they
weren't stifled by the overbearing burden of the current structure. The lack of
overall sustained success is the main reason the majority of my coworkers and
peers bought homes outside of the district's boundaries or send their children
to parochial and private schools if they live in the district.

It's time for a change in the district's leadership to one with a clear vision
that the mission is to effectively transmit knowledge from one generation to the
next and to prepare citizens who participate and contribute to our nation.
Instead, the current leadership has spent its time wishing for a new
administrative building and adopting gimmicks. As evident by open records
requests, the year-round schedule has significantly increased the
noninstructional operating costs. Unfortunately for the Douglass students, the
traditional summer school, which would help many of them graduate on time,
doesn't exist anymore. Barbara Bowersox, Nichols Hills

Fossil fuels toxic

"Mix of science, politics can result in bad policy" (Our Views, Nov. 28) took
the position that reducing fossil fuel use would be too costly and hurt the
economy. One result of fossil fuel use that wasn't mentioned is the  pollution
that hurts our health. "Autism, pollution link is suggested by study"
(Associated Press, Nov. 28) cited a scientific paper that linked automobile
exhaust with autism, a major neurological disorder of our children. Such a
scientific link with fossil fuel combustion and automobile exhaust was made
previously for cardiovascular disease and cancer. In addition, fossil fuel
combustion is releasing the neurotoxin mercury into the environment, which is
contaminating fish as well as the people who eat fish.

Thus, all decisions on promoting versus scaling back on the use of fossil fuels
need to be weighed against the costs of their pollution on our health as well as
potential climate change considerations. Jay Hanas, Edmond

Climate change science

"Mix of science, politics can result in bad policy" (Our Views, Nov. 28)
misrepresents science. Controversy is a fundamental feature of science. The
science of climate change is by no means muddled. Those who have billions of
dollars in profits to protect are spending millions of dollars muddling the
public's perception of the science of climate change. This is a strategy that
was developed by the tobacco industry in the 1970s to cast doubt on the
accumulating scientific evidence that smoking caused cancer - first,
misrepresent the science to the public, then attack the scientists. It was
successful in delaying the legal conclusions that smoking caused cancer but a
great many people died in the meantime.

The American Meteorological Society states, "There is unequivocal evidence that
Earth's lower atmosphere, ocean, and land surface are warming ... the dominant
cause of the warming since the 1950s is human activities." Disregarding this
information is still economic suicide. David Grow, Edmond

Common sense abounds

"Election behind him, Obama should approve Keystone XL" (Dallas Morning News,
Dec. 3) says common sense should override politics. The article is well written
and makes perfect "common sense" as long as you have your head in the sand and
you're satisfied with assumptions. The oil and pipeline are owned by Canadians
and therefore they're under no obligation to buy pipe from an American company,
employ American workers or ultimately sell their product to Americans.

I contacted U.S. Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Muskogee, and U.S. Rep. James Lankford,
R-Oklahoma City, and asked how much of the refined oil we were going to be
guaranteed and was told this matter hadn't been discussed either in the Senate
or House. My "common sense" tells me that's very strange! If we're going to let
a foreign country pump their oil across our lands, we should be guaranteed a
specified percentage of their product and at a specified cost compared to the
world market. Donald D. Meyer, Oklahoma City

Costas' anti-gun stand

A recent tragic murder-suicide brought out Bob Costas' anti-gun stand. If,
during his next halftime segment, he will declare a comparable complaint against
cars that are used to commit crimes, to include murder and the commission of
drunken driving deaths, we fans would be more likely to approve of his invasion
of our time. We may even support him in a campaign to rid the United States of
these two dangerous weapons that act on their own volition, without human
effect. We Americans would surely be better off, wouldn't we?

Or should we demand that Costas stay on the subject of the National Football
League and the game for our half-time viewing and listening pleasure?  William
R. "Bill" Melton, Oklahoma City

Taxing people unequally

I confess that I don't understand the arguments about the "fiscal cliff"
dilemma. Nor do I understand why there is a cliff. I've always believed that
America is a free country that treats everyone equally and that all of us should
pay our fair share to help keep America running so well. But our tax situation
doesn't seem fair if it taxes people unequally.

Why should wealthy people pay a higher rate of taxes than me? Why should poor
people pay a lesser rate of taxes than me? We all live in America. Perhaps if
the playing field were level, we wouldn't have to worry about a "cliff." Bob
Kellogg, Edmond

Send letters to yourviews@  opubco.com or to Your Views, P.O. Box 25125,
Oklahoma City, OK 73125. Word limit is 250. Include a postal address and
telephone number. For other guidelines, go to  www.newsok.com/voices/
guidelines or call (405) 475-3920.


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (oil drilling rig)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                             May 30, 2012 Wednesday

Top US companies shelling out to block action on climate change

BYLINE: Suzanne Goldenbergguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 575 words

ABSTRACT

Analysis of 28 companies finds cases of support for thinktanks that misrepresent
climate science, including Heartland Institute

FULL TEXT

Some of America's top companies are spending heavily to block action on climate
change or discredit climate science, despite public commitments to sustainable
and green values, a new report has found.

An analysis of 28 Standard & Poor 500 publicly traded companies by researchers
from the Union of Concerned Scientists exposed a sharp disconnect in some cases
between PR message and less visible activities, with companies quietly lobbying
against climate policy or funding groups which work to discredit climate
science.

The findings are in line with the recent expose of the Heartland Institute. Over
the years, the ultra-conservative organisation devoted to discrediting climate
science received funds from a long list of companies which had public
commitments to sustainability.

The disconnect in this instance was especially stark in the researchers'
analysis of oil giants ConocoPhillips and ExxonMobil, and the electricity
company DTE energy.

But even General Electric Company, which ranks climate change as a pillar of its
corporate policy on its website, had supported trade groups and thinktanks that
misrepresent climate science, the researchers found.

Caterpillar Inc, despite its public commitment to sustainability, also worked
behind the scenes to block action on climate change. The company spent more than
$16m (£10.3m) on lobbying during the study, with nearly five times as much of
that spent lobbying to block climate action than on pro-environmental policies.

Other big corporate players were fairly consistent with their public image. Nike
and NRG Energy Inc lobbied in support of climate change policy and supported
conservation groups.

Peabody Energy Corporation, which produces coal, was ranked the most
obstructionist of any of the companies. It spent more than $33m to lobby
Congress against environmental measures and supporting trade groups and think
tanks which spread disinformation about climate science, the researchers found.

"The thing we found most surprising in doing this research is just how all 28
companies expressed concern about climate change," said Francesca Grifo who
heads the UCS scientific integrity programme. "But when we took a deeper look we
found that a lot of the actions they took weren't connected to the messages."

The result of the disconnect was growing confusion about climate science, the
researchers said. That made it more difficult to push for environmental
protections.

The study was focused on the years 2009 and 2010, and looked at the companies'
responses to moves by the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate carbon
emissions and the failed attempt by Congress to pass a climate change law.

It also looked at lobbying and political contributions surrounding the 2010
referendum to overturn California's climate change regulations.

But the researchers acknowledged that they were handicapped by a lack of
transparency about corporate donations and lobbying, which made it difficult to
determine exactly how companies were trying to exert political influence.

"Given the inconspicuous ways in which companies can utilize supposedly
independent groups to further their own agendas, the funding of industry groups
is an important pathway through which corporations influence the national
climate conversation without accountability," the analysis said.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2010 Sunday

OPINION: Some see Islam as inherently opposed to U.S.

BYLINE: Terry Ross, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 892 words


Aug. 22--The controversy over building a Muslim religious center near the site
of the former Twin Towers in Manhattan is being portrayed by some as a dispute
over religious freedom.

But really it may actually be in part a dispute over how different groups of
Americans view the so-called "war on terrorism."

Some see the terrorism and hatred directed toward America as an inherent part of
the Muslim religion. Under that view, the current terrorism aimed at America is
less related to individuals or radical groups than it is to the Muslim religion
and culture itself.

It is a view which has existed to some extent for a long time, but it has become
more prominent in recent years.

I first remember hearing it publicly espoused after the Sept. 11 attacks while
attending a conference for editors. An observer of the Middle East and an
advocate for individual liberties felt there was an inherent clash in the Muslim
world with the values we cherish here in America.

Those who have this viewpoint tend to see the Muslim culture as tribalistic and
opposed to the concept of individual freedom -- especially if it is counter to
the group dogma. They also claim Muslim societies are opposed to modernism and
materialism, two characteristics of Western societies.

Because of the strong connection between leaders and Muslim religious
fundamentalism, Muslim nations and society tend to be authoritarian rather than
freedom-loving and supportive of individual rights and freedoms, the values most
cherished here.

In America, religion is seen as separate from government. In fact, there are
strict barriers between the two. That is usually not the case in Muslim nations
where governments tend to have a theological base. Islam tends of be a much more
integral part of Muslim societies at all levels than is the case for religion in
modern-day Western societies -- one reason some see Islam as opposed to Western,
Christian culture.

It is not hard for those with this viewpoint of all Muslims as being the "enemy"
and of the Muslim religion as being basically anti-American to take the next
step and conclude that Muslims living in New York City and wanting to build a
religious center near Ground Zero are essentially no different than Muslims
living in Afghanistan or any other part of the world. They represent the "enemy"
wherever they may live.

I don't accept the view that all Muslims are the same or that those who follow
Islam are necessarily anti-American.

I am not a Muslim and I have only a casual knowledge of their religion, like
most Americans.

But I do know about Christianity, and I know some of the same tendencies exist
among Christian fundamentalists as among Muslim fundamentalists.

Some of the early European settlers of our nation fled rigid Christian nations
that demanded dogmatic adherence to a particular view of Christianity and
restricted individual freedom and the right to worship as one chooses. Religious
freedom and separation of government and religion are enshrined in our
Constitution as a result -- the principals now being debated in the New York
City dispute.

I would never assume that all Christians are the same or even share the same
values. Some Christians would like to see their religious values enforced by the
government. Some Christians oppose materialism and believe modernism leads to an
immoral society. Some Christians do not believe in religious freedom. Some
Christians frankly are not very Christian.

And we should never forget that Christianity has its own history of intolerance,
abuse of human freedoms and violence, even though this is entirely counter to
the true values of the religion. Real Christianity is a religion of peace,
tolerance, forgiveness and charity -- values, incidentally, which are also part
of the Islamic faith, according to what I have read.

It always angers me when some individuals and groups cloak racism,
discrimination, intolerance and violence in Christian values. Yet it has often
been done and continues to be done today. I do not accept or assume that these
people who misrepresent Christian values are representative of Christians in
general -- nor do I assume that those who misrepresent Islam's values are
representative of Muslims in general.

When someone commits terroristic violence in the name of Christianity -- and yes
there certainly are Christian "terrorists" -- we do not assume they represent
all Christians. Why would we make that assumption for Muslims?

Bridging the gap between religious belief and human practice of it can be
difficult.

There are many good Christians and also some who do truly terrible things in the
name of Christianity.

There are also many good Muslims, including right here in Yuma, and also some
who do terrible things in the name of Islam.

We are not as different as some would like us to believe.

Terry Ross is director of the Yuma Sun's News and Information Center. E-mail him
at tross@yumasun.com or phone him at 539-6870.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100822-YZ-OPINION-Some-see-Islam-as-inherently-opposed-to-U-S-20100822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                              196 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 23, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

A New Indictment Is Issued In the Columbia/HCA Case

BYLINE: By KURT EICHENWALD

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 568 words


Nearly a year after bringing fraud charges against three executives with the
Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corporation, Federal prosecutors filed a new indictment
yesterday naming a fourth company executive as a participant in an illegal
scheme to defraud Federal health programs.

The fourth executive, Carl Lynn Dick, finance director for Columbia's Central
Eastern division, was charged in the superseding indictment handed up by a
Federal grand jury in Tampa, Fla. There was little surprising in the new
charges: prosecutors earlier this year had announced that they would file new
charges in the case, and allegations against Mr. Dick had been raised in a
Government affidavit in support of a raid on Columbia last year.

But the charges do offer new details about what prosecutors believe was a
complex scheme to cheat programs like Medicare through the misrepresentation of
certain costs at Columbia's Fawcett Memorial Hospital in Port Charlotte, Fla.
Through documents known as cost reports, hospitals are able to obtain partial
reimbursement for costs related to patient care.

The new charges also describe the role played in the preparation of cost reports
by Fawcett's accountants, KPMG Peat Marwick. KPMG -- which was not charged in
the indictment with any wrongdoing -- is repeatedly described in the new
indictment as participating in meetings at which efforts by the hospital to
benefit from inaccurate expense claims were discussed.

While the charges filed yesterday relate only to activities at Fawcett,
Government officials are investigating allegations of fraud involving cost
report filings from Columbia hospitals around the country. In the raids last
year, the Government seized cost reports and related records from Columbia
hospitals in at least seven states.

At issue in the Fawcett case is whether the four executives used the cost
reports to misrepresent the purposes of certain hospital borrowings. That would
have allowed the hospital to obtain more Federal reimbursement for interest
expenses on those borrowings.

Bill Junge, a lawyer for Mr. Dick, declined to comment. Victor Campbell, a
Columbia senior vice president, said the indictment did not raise any new
issues.

George Ledwith, a spokesman for KPMG, said that the firm was cooperating with
the investigation, and was confident that its services to Columbia "were
appropriate and professional."

The three executives charged in the case last year -- Jay A. Jarrell, the head
of Columbia's Southwest Florida division; Michael T. Neeb, chief financial
officer of its Northern Florida division, and Robert W. Whiteside, a director of
compensation -- have all pleaded not guilty.

The indictment says that beginning at least in 1990 the four men conspired to
misrepresent the borrowings as having been used exclusively for capital
expenditures, which are reimbursed heavily by the Government. In truth, the
indictment says, only 39 percent of the money was used for capital expenses. The
rest went to cover administrative costs, which are reimbursed far less.

Although a Medicare auditor once caught the discrepancy and ordered it changed,
the indictment says, the executives later filed new cost reports with the same
inaccurate claim. The indictment also says that the men provided false
information to an outside lawyer to obtain a legal opinion stating that their
expense claims were proper.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              197 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 4, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

KOCH SAYS PRESS MISREPRESENTS PLAYBOY INTERVIEW

BYLINE: By CLYDE HABERMAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 11, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 628 words


Mayor Koch said yesterday that press accounts had misrepresented what he told
Playboy magazine in an interview he has had to defend almost from the day he
announced his candidacy for Governor.

The Mayor also charged that newspaper reports had distorted the reception he was
given on a visit to Albany Monday night. He singled out articles that said he
had been booed as he entered a political gathering.

''It is interesting,'' he said, ''because it will always make a story to say,
'Koch booed.' And there were some headlines that said that. I give you my word
of honor that overwhelmingly, overwhelmingly, the people were very nice.''

The Mayor has repeatedly contended in the last few days that any political
troubles he may have encountered as a result of the Playboy interview stem from
skewed news accounts of what he told the magazine.

'Wasting Your Life'

In the interview, he called the suburbs ''sterile'' and said that ''it's wasting
your life'' to live there. The magazine also described the Mayor as laughing
hard as he described rural life, where, he said, ''you have to drive 20 miles to
buy a gingham dress or a Sears, Roebuck suit.''

Mr. Koch says that he did not intend to belittle suburbanites or rural dwellers,
but that rather, in response to an interviewer who ''played devil's advocate,''
he was defending urban life and rejecting the notion that large numbers of
people are leaving cities to live in ''the country.''

Yesterday the Mayor discussed the issue of press treatment at some length at a
luncheon held by Playboy in the Helmsley Palace Hotel.  He acknowledged that
some people might have been offended by his remarks, but he insisted that they
would be bothered, not by what was in the magazine, but ''by the headline, by
the picking out of a sentence without it being in context.''

Singles Out a Headline

Later, in an interview, Mr. Koch refused to single out any news reports because,
he said, ''it doesn't make any sense.'' However, he did cite as objectionable to
him a headline that appeared last week in The Albany Times-Union. The headline
read, ''Ed Koch to Albany: Drop Dead.''

Several times in the interview yesterday, the Mayor insisted that although he
felt newspaper coverage did not capture what he had told the magazine, he was
not complaining.

''You're not going to get me to attack the press,'' he said. ''It can't help you
to attack the press.'' Nevertheless, the thrust of his remarks during
yesterday's luncheon clearly seemed to be that his views had been unfairly
represented in newspapers and on television.

'Out of Context'

''The question is, do you take out a word or a sentence out of the context of
the paragraph and without an understanding of it,'' he said. ''Then you
misrepresent me. But that's not what Playboy did.  That's what those who would
take it out of context have done.''

At another point, he drew a comparison with the controversial Atlantic Monthly
account of David Stockman's views on President Reagan's economic program.

''The same people who won't read Playboy won't read the Atlantic Monthly and
won't know what David Stockman said - isn't that so?'' the Mayor asserted.

''I want to tell you,'' he said, ''that the interview does not reflect what the
reports on the interview said he said.'' Analyzing his own comments, Mr. Koch
also argued that one reason for his popularity is his manner of speech. ''I'm
able to take what is a common-sense point of view and express it in a succinct
way so that people can grasp it,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              198 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                                 April 10, 2006

Commentary: COA case reinforces insurance agents' duty to advise insureds

BYLINE: Ralph C. Chapa

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1052  words


What happens when a policyholder suffers a loss that is not covered on their
limited policy?

Some insureds are inclined to blame the insurance agent who sold them the policy
for not advising or requiring the insured to purchase additional coverage.
However, the current state of the law in Michigan is not so quick to impose such
a duty upon an insurance agent to advise insureds as to the adequacy of the
coverage being purchased.

In Bamal Corp. v. Chassis Powder Coating, Inc., Lawyers Weekly No. 08-57769, the
Court of Appeals reinforced the state of law with regards to an insurance
agent's duty to advise an insured when providing coverage, applying a test first
set forth by the Michigan Supreme Court in Harts v. Farmers Insurance Exchange.
(See, 461 Mich. 1; 597 NW2d 47 (Mich. 1999).)

Prior to the decision in Harts, the controlling authority on the issue of an
insurance agent's duty to advise was set forth in Bruner v. League Gen. Ins.
Co.(See, Bruner v. League Gen. Ins. Co., 416 NW2d 318, 320 (Mich. Ct. App.
1987).)

The court in Bruner established the precedent that an agent owed no duty to
recommend coverages until a "special relationship" existed. (Id. at 320.)

According to caselaw, a "special relationship existed either by an express
agreement or when a long established relationship of entrustment from which it
clearly appears the agent appreciated the duty of giving advice, and
compensation for consultation and advice was received apart from the premiums
paid by the insured. (See, Nelson v. Davidson, 456 N.W.2d 343, 347 (citing
Nowell v. Dawn-Leavitt Agency, Inc., 617 P.2d (Ariz. Ct. App. 1980); Gibson v.
Gov't Emplyees Ins. Co., 208 Cal. Rptr. 511 (Ca. Ct. App. 1984); Sandbulte v.
Farm Bureau Mutual Ins. Co., 343 NW2d 457 (Iowa 1984); and Fleming v. Torrey,
273 NW2d 169 (S.D. 1978)).)

Bruner remained the precedential case regarding an insurance agent's duty to
advise insureds for over a decade, until the Michigan Supreme Court ruled on
Harts in 1997, which changed the dynamic of the relationship between an
insurance agent and the insured. Since the Hart ruling, courts have applied the
modified "special relationship" test, or "duty-to-advise" test.

'Harts'

The court in Harts established the current rule that "an insurance agent owes no
such duty to an insured. "(See, Harts, 461 Mich. at 10.)

Instead, the court set out the general no duty to advise rule "where the agent
functions as simply an order taker for the insurance company. " (Id. at 9-10.)

The general, no-duty-to-advise rule changes under certain circumstances, namely
when:

the agent misrepresents the nature or extent of the coverage offered or
provided;

an ambiguous request is made that requires clarification;

an inquiry is made that may require advice and the agent, though he need not,
gives advice that is inaccurate; or

the agent assumes an additional duty by either express agreement with or promise
to the insured.

If the insurance agent were to misrepresent the nature or extent of the coverage
the insured was purchasing, the insured would have a cause of action if the
agent incorrectly explained the application of some type of coverage.
Additionally, the insurance agent could be held liable by stating to the insured
"not to worry," "everything is covered. "

Second, according to the Harts test, when an ambiguous request is made that
requires a clarification, the agent also has a duty to advise. (Id. at 10.)

The Supreme Court explained that a request such as "full coverage" is one such
ambiguous request that would require such clarification. This exception protects
the insured that simply asks for "full" or "comprehensive" coverage, in which
case the agent has the duty to advise as to what sort of coverages are
available.

Third, the insurance agent has a duty to advise when an "inquiry is made that
may require advice and the agent, though he need not, gives advice that is
inaccurate. "

An example of such a situation would occur if an insured asks for advice on what
would be adequate liability limits. If the insurance agent provides the insured
with an opinion on what adequate limits would be, the insured relies upon that
opinion, and the insured is found liable in excess of that liability limit
recommended, the agent may be liable for the excess amounts which weren't
covered.

Lastly, an insurance agent has a duty to advise if "the agent assumes an
additional duty by either express agreement with or promise to the insured. "
Such a situation exists when an agent contracts to "take care of all of the
insureds needs" or promises to "take care of everything. "

This modified "special relationship" test imposes on an insurance agent a duty
to refrain from affirmative fraud, not to watch out for all the rights of the
insured and to advise the latter as to all such rights. To the contrary, the
court has stated that an agent's job is to "merely present the product of his
principal and take such orders as can be secured from those who want to purchase
the coverage offered. " (Id. at 8.)

The courts have taken a stance that an insured has an affirmative duty of his
own to read his insurance policy and ask questions pertaining to such insurance
if he feels he needs clarification or an opinion as to such coverage. (See,
Parmet Homes, Inc. v. Republic Insurance Co., 111 Mich. App. 140, 145; 314
N.W.2d 453 (1981).) Only then will the court impose an additional duty to advise
upon the selling insurance agent.

However, one issue remains to be addressed by the courts: Does the same standard
of care imposed upon insurance agents govern insurance counselors?

The court in Harts recognized that each of these positions serve different
roles, however it failed to address whether or not a different standard applied.
(See, Harts, supra at 8-9.)

Unfortunately, the Bamal court was faced with the same question and likewise
failed to address the issue as well. Until such issue is answered, the duty
imposed upon an insurance counselor will remain a subject of debate.

Ralph C. Chapa, a partner with Farmington Hills-based Kaufman, Payton & Chapa,
concentrates in insurance coverage and commercial litigation, as well as
professional, liquor, premises, products and general liability. He is admitted
to the Michigan and Florida Bars and serves as a court-appointed mediator and
private arbitrator.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              May 13, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

CONSIDER HEALTH EFFECTS OF WIRELESS TECHNOLOGY

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 755 words


In last Sunday's Forum section, the column from The Economist glorifies the
impending "wireless revolution" but underestimates the battle over adverse
health effects, which may include various chronic illnesses and cancer (see
www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article1687491.ece) The statement made in the
column - "no serious evidence yet suggests it is a danger" - reflects ignorance
of known facts regarding microwave radiation health effects.

In a 1953 report prepared for Hughes Aircraft, Dr. John T. McLaughlin reported
numerous cases of internal bleeding and cataract formation in Hughes workers, as
well as leukemia, headaches and brain tumors. (See "The Microwave Debate," MIT
Press, 1984 to learn more.) Dr. McLaughlin subsequently authored two
publications reporting on a variety of harmful health effects of microwave
radiation exposure, including death.

I've notified the staff of all Wisconsin members of Congress of a recent
briefing on Capitol Hill by the EMR Policy Institute on the inadequacy of
federal policy regulating environmental and potential health effects of radio
frequency radiation. My translation: "Help! Radio frequency health protection
standards are inadequate to protect human health. " -Marjorie Lundquist,
Milwaukee

What kind of society deprives its schools?

I was dismayed to read last Sunday's editorial stating that school boards across
Wisconsin deserve "respect and encouragement" for their efforts to change the
status quo of education in our state. The message was that school boards need to
"create ways to deliver education more cost-effectively." I have worked in
non-profit agencies and also in Madison schools and have seen that the schools
are already cost-effective. The current cuts are not a matter of eliminating a
few administrative positions; these cuts affect whether or not your child will
receive the teacher's attention due to larger class sizes.

As state government continues to limit revenues for schools, while supporting
corporate-friendly tax provisions, taxpayers need to recognize that the
school-funding question is not a financial but a moral decision. What kind of
society forces its schools to cut special education, library, arts and music
when our state has the ability to provide high quality education? What kind of
society fails to recognize that dollars spent on education are an investment in
the future?

If the State Journal is going to recommend "cost-effective" schools, at least be
honest and tell readers that cuts in school funding will change the status quo -
to an inferior education for all children in Wisconsin.

-Lori Guderyon, Madison

WSJ deserves praise, not scorn, for veto push

The Wisconsin State Journal should be commended, not condemned for its fight
against the "Frankenstein" veto, which allows the governor to string together
completely unrelated words and phrases on proposed bills to create unintended
and unauthorized laws and budgets.

This veto is clearly a breach of the governor's authority. Unfortunately, Gov.
Jim Doyle used the "Frankenstein" veto to fabricate a state budget that differed
significantly from the one that lawmakers approved, rendering the state
Legislature powerless.

This is a serious problem that must be resolved quickly. Who knows when our
governor will use it again to cheat our democratic system of government and the
people of Wisconsin.

-Wesley Grunke, Madison

Lab good for Dane Co., but not in Dunn location

Tuesday's editorial misses and misrepresents the "local objections" to the
National Bio- and Agro-Defense Facility. The facility might be great for Dane
County, but not in the Dunn location.

The proposed facility would be less than 500 yards above Lake Kegonsa. Rainfall
runoff problems - with or without a facility leak - would be a local disaster.

While Dunn is an agriculture-oriented community, the town's land-use plan in no
way endorses 500,000 square foot facilities when it only permits a single
dwelling per 35 acres.

The traffic, water and sewer facilities would need to be upgraded significantly,
additional affronts to the land-use plan.

There have been significant safety concerns. The location is right in the middle
of a "tornado alley," and potential disasters could be natural as well as
man-made.

Dane County could use the jobs and economic boost, but not in this location.
Since "most of Dane County would welcome the lab," as the editorial states,
sponsor a location that wants the facility. Don't misrepresent the people who
are solidly against the Dunn location.

-Joe Edgerton, McFarland

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                September 16, 1995 Saturday METRO FINAL EDITION

CHRISTIAN COALITION MISREPRESENTS ITS STRENGTH

BYLINE: BYLINE: Clark Morphew, Staff Columnist

SECTION: EXPRESS; Religion And Ethics; Pg. 9D

LENGTH: 750 words


The Christian Coalition is trying to tell you how to vote again.

The fundamentalist coalition has cranked out another issue of Congressional
Scorecard, which rates members of Congress on how well they matched up with the
beliefs of Pat Robertson and Ralph Reed.

And I tell you, some of these folks sitting in the hallowed halls of the House
and the Senate must be fairly evil people, if you believe what the coalition
says.

For instance, the two Democratic senators from California, Barbara Boxer and
Diane Feinstein, ranked very low, with one getting only 10 points out of a
possible 100 while the other got slimed with a measly 20 points.

There are 10 issues the Christian Coalition wants every lawmaker in Washington
to agree with. The coalition is for a balanced budget, family tax relief, a line
item veto, a ban on emigrants with HIV/AIDS virus and 12-year term limits for
those in Congress. The coalition is against porn on the Internet, homosexuals in
the military, the National Endowment for the Arts and condoms given to children
without parental consent, and the group opposed Henry Foster's nomination as
surgeon general.

Vote with the coalition on all 10 and you get a perfect score of 100. Vote
against the coalition, and subtract 10 points. So, Sen. Bob Dole got a perfect
100, while Sen. Ted Kennedy was awarded only 10 points. Jesse Helms received
100, while the conservative Christian senator Mark Hatfield got only 40 points.

The worst thing about this rating system is the arrogance that it takes to
produce such a list. What the coalition has to assume is that everyone in the
nation agrees with them. They must picture us as a flock of sheep just waiting
for Pat Robertson, our shepherd, to tell us which direction we should go.

Not true. This is a richly diverse nation made up of opinionated people who
stretch across the spectrum of belief. The Christian Coalition speaks for about
1.5 million people. If you think that's big, take a look at how many Lutherans
there are in the United States, about 8 million, and few of them would subscribe
to the coalition's agenda.

The liberal think tank, People for the American Way, supported a survey that
shows the majority of Americans feel negatively about the so-called religious
right and that they disagree with almost all planks in the coalition's platform.
On the other hand, Ralph Reed, the Christian Coalition's executive director,
claims 60 to 90 percent of the people in the United States support the group's
stand on the issues.

The coalition wants school vouchers; the public does not. The religious right
wants to replace public assistance with private charity; America does not. The
Christian Coalition wants to wipe out the Department of Education and reduce the
federal role; the nation doesn't agree.

The coalition wants to end support for the arts and public broadcasting; we
don't. Robertson and company want to end federal funding for family planning
services; the country doesn't agree. The coalition wants prayer in public
school; most Americans don't.

Obviously, the Christian Coalition is out of step with people in the United
States. But its leadership doesn't care. Reed will continue to misrepresent the
size of the organization and the extent of its influence. But clearly, this is
not a group that has wide influence.

The coalition misrepresents its strength because that convinces some lawmakers
they should go along with Robertson to garner more votes. Presidential candidate
Bob Dole comes to mind. But those people in Congress who want to get re-elected
should conduct their own polls because the coalition does not have a corner on
the truth.

Some of you are worried that Robertson is going to turn this nation into a
fundamentalist state where the poor suffer, women and minorities are oppressed
and all things fine - such as a good education and a forward-looking arts
community - are wiped out. My advice is, remain vigilant but don't gnash your
teeth in fear.

I believe Robertson has every right to rate lawmakers' voting records. What I
can't understand is why the electronic media give these people so much
attention.

It's the electronic media who buy into their claims without checking the facts.
And the electronic media willingly allow Ralph Reed to appear on syndicated
television shows without so much as a glance at legitimate religious
organizations that are much stronger than the coalition.

Clark Morphew's Religion column runs on Saturdays.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1995 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           September 1, 2009 Tuesday

State urged to investigate Sutter Health

BYLINE: Richard Halstead

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 814 words


Marin County and state officials are turning up the heat on Sutter Health.

On Tuesday, the Board of Supervisors unanimously adopted a resolution calling on
the not-for-profit corporation that oversees Marin General Hospital to "fully
fulfill its fiduciary duties to the hospital and the Marin County community."

The action came a week after 13 California legislators, including Assemblyman
Jared Huffman, D-San Rafael and Sen. Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, sent a letter
to Attorney General Jerry Brown asking him to immediately investigate Sutter.

The letter, which was initiated by Sen. Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro, refers to
allegations of "misrepresentation of hospital finances, economic and medical
redlining, abuse of nonprofit status, anti-trust violations, questionable
allocation of public assets and execution of contracts that may be in conflict
with existing laws."

Sutter, which operates 26 hospitals throughout the state, has drawn criticism in
part for its policy of transferring revenue from profitable hospitals under its
control to struggling hospitals. Records show that since 1995, $120 million was
transferred out of Marin General while only $5.3 million was transferred into
the hospital by Sutter.

Sutter has agreed to end its 30-year lease of the hospital early and return
control to the Marin Healthcare District beginning June 30, 2010. There is
growing concern that Sutter, which has said it plans to open a competing
facility, will leave the hospital short of cash when it leaves.

The concern prompted Huffman in July to send a letter to Marin General's largely
Sutter-appointed board of directors asking it to justify its role in draining
the Greenbrae hospital of more than $120 million in profits since 1995.

Despite firing off a second threatening letter in August, Huffman has failed to
get what he requested: "all documents that relate to the Marin General Hospital
board's role in reviewing, commenting upon, advising or approving these
transfers."

The supervisors' action Tuesday was applauded by several Marin residents who
spoke during public open time. Two of the speakers - Charles Auerbach and
Margaret Jones, both Belvedere residents - have supported Sutter's management of
Marin General until recently.

Jones said it is important that the hospital's board of directors fulfill its
obligation to act in the best interests of the community.

"They're not supposed to be just window dressing," Jones said.

Supervisor Hal Brown said he met recently with the Marin Healthcare District's
chief executive officer, Lee Domanico, who told him Marin General could be left
with just two or three weeks of operating capital.

"I think we should do everything we can to support Assemblyman Huffman's effort
to look into this," Brown said.

In addition to the situation in Marin, the letter sent to Attorney General Brown
lists problems with Sutter-managed hospitals in San Leandro, San Francisco and
Santa Rosa.

According to the letter, in San Leandro the Eden Township Healthcare District
requested an independent audit of the district's books after questions were
raised "as to conflict of interest in the execution of a memorandum of
understanding" that could allow Sutter to assume ownership of the public
hospital "at a price below value" and "without a vote of the people, and without
restriction on the future role of the hospital in meeting local health needs."

The letter states that in San Francisco, St. Luke's Hospital brought an action
for antitrust violations after Sutter brokered an exclusive contract with the
Bay Area's largest network of doctors in order to redirect wealthier patients
away from St. Luke's.

And in Santa Rosa, Sutter attempted close the county hospital in violation of
its 20-year contract with Sonoma County. The letter states that Sutter has
agreed to maintain acute care in Santa Rosa but has proposed shrinking services
and transferring profitable services to a for-profit subsidiary that will not be
subject to the contract with the county.

Finally, the letter states, "In each of the above examples, Sutter has owned or
proposed building new boutique hospitals in close proximity to existing
community hospitals."

In a release issued Tuesday, Huffman said, "I'm concerned that some of the money
taken out of Marin General may be used to fund a competing facility."

Sutter Health spokesman Bill Gleeson issued a written statement Tuesday that the
legislators' letter "misrepresents Sutter Health's impressive track record of
preserving and expanding access to care, and misrepresents our service to
low-income patients and communities."

He added that Sutter Health has invested more than $5 billion since 2000 to
build and improve hospitals and clinics all over Northern California.

Read more Ross, Kentfield & Greenbrae stories at the IJ's Ross, Kentfield &
Greenbrae section.

Contact Richard Halstead via e-mail at rhalstead@marinij.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2009 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday

GOP plays hardball for Mielke

BYLINE: Jeffrey Mize Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 856 words



Clark County Republicans are doubling down on county commissioner hopeful Tom
Mielke, paying $28,800 for mailers praising Mielke for standing up to casino
interests and another $13,000 for television commercials trashing his
Democratic opponent.
The negative commercial, a rarity in local elections, mocks Democrat Pat Brokaw
as "Broke All" for backing the Cowlitz casino and tolls on a replacement
Interstate 5 bridge. Brokaw said the ad misrepresents her position on both
issues.

Ryan Hart, Clark County GOP chairman, said the party decided to mount an
advertising campaign because of negative mailers that hammered Mielke's
commissioner campaign three years ago.
The Progressive Majority spent more than $86,500 to defeat the Battle Ground
Republican in the waning days of his 2005 campaign against Commissioner Steve
Stuart. Subsequent campaign filings revealed that Cowlitz casino developer
David Barnett, his then-wife and two of his companies contributed $100,000 to
the political action committee.
Both Barnett and Progressive Majority's state political director said the
donations came with no strings attached, but local Republicans have charged
that Barnett used the group as a surrogate to tear down Mielke's campaign.
"We felt this had to be done," Hart said about the ad campaign, "because of the
enormous amount of special interest money that was involved in this campaign
and hit pieces against Tom Mielke back in 2005. We felt we have to be prepared
for that."
Hart also mentioned Washington Bus, which sent about 50 young activists to
Clark County last month to ring doorbells on Brokaw's behalf, and said that
type of outside influence "really raised some red flags."
Hart wasn't so eager to discuss how much money the county GOP intends to spend
on Mielke's behalf.
"I'm not going to give you a budget figure," he said, adding that party
officials did not consult Mielke before producing the television commercial.
According to reports filed with the Washington Public Disclosure Commission,
county Republicans last week paid $13,000 to Run Spot Sun Media of Sherwood,
Ore., for cable advertising, as well as $7,600 to ASK Advertising of Vancouver
for design and printing of a mailer and $21,200 to AKA Direct of Tualatin,
Ore., for postage.
Clark County Republicans have raised more than $90,000 for the 2008 election.
The Building Industry Association of Clark County provided the biggest
contribution, $25,000, on Oct. 10.
Brokaw responds
Brokaw said the GOP's commercial misrepresents her views on the Cowlitz casino.
"This is a decision that the federal government will make," she said. "I have
advocated having an agreement in place with the tribe in case the federal
government approves the proposal."
But Brokaw would not say if she believes the casino would be good or bad for
the community.
"I have mixed emotions about it," she said. "But my responsibility is to find
ways to mitigate the impact."
As for tolling, Brokaw said she would consider tolls as part of a financial
package for a new Columbia River bridge, but she disputed the commercial's
assertion that she supports tolls that could cost commuters $1,000 annually.
"I see that as a possible funding component down the road," she said. "But I
have not agreed to tolls. I have not agreed to an amount."
Hart defended the commercial's content and message.
"The commercial says that Pam Brokaw has not ruled out tolls for the bridge
project, and that is an accurate statement," he said.
County agreement
Hart also said the federal government would have difficulty approving the
Cowlitz casino if Mielke is elected to the three-member board of commissioners
because the former state representative won't agree to negotiating a new
county-tribe agreement to replace the one a state hearings board struck down in
June 2007.
The Bureau of Indian Affairs appears to have accepted the tribe's alternative,
an ordinance that contains the same provisions as the 2004 memorandum of
understanding, along with a limited waiver of tribal sovereignty that allows
the county to sue if the Cowlitz fail to comply with those provisions.
The Interior Department has yet to act on the tribe's request to designate the
152-acre site near La Center as its initial reservation, a decision that would
open the door for Las Vegas-style gambling.
"The county commissioners can stop them," the mailer reads. "So the casino
developers must keep Tom Mielke off the board of county commissioners and elect
his opponent."
The first assertion is arguably false. Earlier this year, Paula Hart, acting
director of the Interior Department's Office of Indian Gaming, sent a letter to
county commissioners saying that "while failure to achieve an MOU will weigh
more heavily against an application  & it alone may not be a determinative
factor for denying an application."
Brokaw said she has tried to focus her campaign on issues and moving the
community forward.
"I think we should be talking about the issues and not doing name-calling," she
said. "I have doorbelled a lot of houses during the campaign, and people are
tired of the negative campaigning."
Jeffrey Mize: 360-735-4542 or
jeff.mize@columbian.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     April 30, 2003 Wednesday Final Edition

Two-thirds of spam deceptive: FTC study: Massive volumes could drive legitimate
business 'into the ground'

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

BYLINE: James Rowley

SECTION: Business; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 510 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Two-thirds of the e-mail sent to peddle diet pills, pornography,
insurance or other Internet offerings may contain deceptive or false statements,
U.S. consumer regulators warn.

The Federal Trade Commission said its sampling of 1,000 pieces of unsolicited
commercial e-mail known as "spam" found that 66 per cent contained some
misleading or false statement.

The proliferation of spam has prompted calls for federal legislation to curb
unsolicited

e-mail, which Ferris Research estimates may cost U.S. companies and
organizations $10 billion this year.

"There are many businesses that want to market through e- mail that fear doing
so because the field is so populated by hucksters," said Chris Hoofnagle,
legislative director of the Washington-based Electronic Privacy Information
Center.

The Ferris study estimated that 30 per cent of e-mail received by Internet
service providers and 15 per cent to 20 per cent of e-mail received by U.S.
corporations is spam.

The FTC said it reviewed spam randomly selected from more than 11 million
e-mails. The agency found that the most common deceptions were found in the
"from" or "subject" lines to misrepresent the sender's relationship to the
recipient.

The study also found that 17 per cent of e-mails that advertise X-rated Web
sites contained pornographic images embedded in the messages. Such messages
contained false headers 40 per cent of the time, making it likely that
recipients would open them without knowing they contained pornographic images,
the FTC said.

One-third of the spam contained a false "from" line and of those messages 46 per
cent suggested a prior personal or business relationship with the recipient.

In addition, 96 per cent of messages offering business opportunities contained
false or misleading information.

The messages were selected from databases the FTC compiled from e-mail that
consumers forward to the agency at a rate of 130,000 a day.

"Spam is a big fraud problem that really needs a law enforcement response," said
Eileen Harrington, the agency's marketing practices director.

Since 1997, the FTC has brought 49 cases alleging that spammers tried to defraud
or deceive e-mail recipients and has obtained orders to stop false advertising
and sometimes won disgorgement of ill-gotten gains.

This week, the agency will announce the first settlement in which a spam
operator has agreed to shut down, Ms. Harrington told reporters.

Last week, the FTC obtained a court order barring Brian D. Westby, who's accused
of being a pornographic e-mail purveyor, from sending e-mails that misrepresent
services being offered.

The agency collected 46,000 e-mails that it said Mr. Westby sent.

Mr. Westby, who lives in St. Louis, Missouri, earned more than $1 million in
commissions last year by using a spam message entitled "Married But Lonely" to
refer recipients to pornographic Web sites, the FTC charged.

The explosion of spam threatens to drive legitimate e-commerce "into the
ground," Ms. Harrington said.

"The medium is at risk."

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 997 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2003 Virginia Law Review Association
                              Virginia Law Review

                                September, 2003

                              89 Va. L. Rev. 1037

LENGTH: 21810 words

NOTE: TOLLS ON THE INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY: ENTITLEMENT DEFAULTS FOR
CLICKSTREAM DATA

NAME: Lee Kovarsky*

BIO: * J.D. University of Virginia, 2004. First, I would like to thank the Olin
Foundation for the summer fellowship grant that made this Note possible. I owe
special thanks to my fellowship advisor, Lillian BeVier, for her tireless
reading and editing of different versions of this manuscript. I would also like
to thank George Cohen, George Triantis, Dan Ortiz, Thomas Nachbar, Tim Wu,
Charles Goetz, and Anne Coughlin for all of their thoughts and contributions to
the concepts explored in this Note. Finally, I want to thank my family and Sarah
largely for their love and support, but also because they are the people who
listen to me complain.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  THE burgeoning online privacy debate is steeped in portentous rhetoric
borrowing heavily from George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four and Jeremy Bentham's
Panopticon, but these literary and architectural metaphors egregiously
misrepresent an already confusing controversy. ...  The absence of meaningful
consumer awareness, coupled with the even-more-conspicuous absence of legal
rules for enforcing the promises contained in online privacy policies, means
that the collecting agent has little incentive to facilitate an explicit
understanding of user expectations. ...  To the extent that the fixed cost of
acquiring the browser technology is small (one can download Explorer 6.0 for
free), a default term construed against users - in other words, one that locates
most of the "ownership" of a clickstream data point with the collecting agent -
in the event that they fail to use browsers with cookie-handling functionality
encourages them to procure browsers with this feature. ...  That field would
consist of (1) the privacy term negotiated between the user's browser and the
collecting agent's server and (2) P<R>. ...  If the privacy term constrains the
use to which a collecting agent may put a piece of data, such as forbidding it
to link a cookie number with personal information, auditors could easily detect
that violation by looking at existing tables and recorded searches. ...

TEXT:
 [*1038]

   Introduction

 THE burgeoning online privacy debate is steeped in portentous rhetoric
borrowing heavily from George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Fourn1 and Jeremy
Bentham's Panopticon, n2 but these literary and architectural metaphors
egregiously misrepresent an already confusing controversy. n3 Commentators
deploy these metaphors as descriptive shorthand, but in so doing they both
misrepresent the contours of the problem and unfairly editorialize the
description itself. Traditional privacy metaphors are generally ill-equipped to
mediate our understanding of the way information changes hands in cyberspace. n4
In an attempt to capture the differences between the current state of
informational privacy and that of Orwell's totalitarian dystopia, some
commentators have sought modern variants on traditional privacy metaphors.

   The concept of "little brother" is one such variation invoked by many to
convey the private character of the "invasion."n5 Of equal  [*1039]  importance
as the difference in the institutional source of surveillance is the absence of
what Frank Zappa calls a "central scrutinizer."n6 The Internet is not subject to
monitoring by a single information collecting agent, and the overwhelming
majority of those entities that do monitor online activity are private
companies. n7 Of all the online information collected by these private agents,
often referred to as "data miners," the vast majority consists of "cookie" or
"clickstream data" - data collected on users as they go about the routine
process of viewing web pages. To the extent that one may characterize the
transmission of clickstream data from users to data miners as a market, the
egregious information asymmetries between these two groups mean that, contrary
to the implications of the traditional Orwell metaphor, by correcting these
market imperfections the government may figure prominently in protecting the
privacy of its citizens.

   It is not the case that traditional privacy metaphors always distort the
circumstances, but their expository appeal renders them a convenient camouflage
for complexity. A solution to any online privacy problem must proceed from the
understanding that an undesirable state of Internet privacy is not a monolithic
species of problem at all, but rather a genus of related problems with a common
denominator: Each concerns what different agents may do with information
collected online. Some writers have a tendency to recite endless series of
anecdotes, seemingly oblivious to the fact that the set of catalogued behavior
shares only the property of having taken place at a computer.n8 From context to
context the observers and the observed  [*1040]  exhibit wildly different levels
of technical sophistication, contractual expectations, and bargaining power.

   This Note will address only one such context, the collection of clickstream
data and the legal rules that should govern it. The focus is not arbitrary,
however, as the clickstream data problem lends itself least to resolution by
controversial philosophical principles and exhibits a commercial character
rendering it particularly inviting for economic analysis. The Note will argue
that the underlying objectives of any legal posture towards clickstream privacy
are incompatible with a prophylactic standard of behavior and will propose a
scheme that, using modern browser technology, assigns to each party (the user
and the collecting agent) a certain set of default rights around which the two
parties may bargain. The model would further protect user interests by
incorporating, for the browser-negotiated privacy term, a user reservation price
that would operate much like a liquid damages clause in the event of a breach.
Although the model is presented as a case study of the clickstream privacy
problem, many of the following arguments may be brought to bear on other modern
contexts where privacy concerns coexist with important markets for information.

   Part I will suggest a framework for analyzing privacy invasions and will
clarify the scope of the activity to which the subsequent analysis applies. Part
II will argue that while the concept of "information markets" remains
inappropriate in some contexts, it is the best way to conceptualize and address
clickstream data collection. Part III will explore the specific market failures
in the clickstream context. Part IV will explain why existing privacy doctrines
are unable to address the problem. Part V will argue that the plummeting
transaction costs associated with developments in browser technology render a
legal paradigm of default entitlements a viable option for mediating the
clickstream data market. Part VI will contend that, in addition to specific
default entitlements, clickstream data exchange should involve a default
schedule of expectancy damages.

[*1041]

   I. Cookies and Clickstream Data

   A. A Framework for Analysis

 At this point, it may be useful to conceptualize a state of informational
privacy as a tripartite equilibrium among the observed, the collecting agent,
and the searching agent.n9 Many times the collecting agent and the searching
agent will be the same entity, and such a condition is what people usually think
of as "surveillance." n10 Broadly speaking, informational privacy protects some
right to control and condition the revelation of personal information to other
entities. n11 Part II argues that this right does not imply an entitlement to
control how one is treated or perceived by those to whom one divulges the
information. n12 Almost all of the practices that implicate informational
privacy (even offline) can be represented by some discrete combination of three
attributes: (1) the activity  [*1042]  in which the observed is engaged, (2) the
identity of the collecting agent, and (3) the identity of the searching
agent.n13

   The Video Privacy Protection Actn14 is nicknamed the "Bork Bill" because the
legislation reflected the public outcry over the ease with which a reporter
acquired the embattled jurist's video records. n15 The above framework would
represent this practice as (1) renting video tapes (the activity), (2) the video
store (the collecting agent), and (3) a reporter (the searching agent).

   While connected to the Internet, the observed (an Internet user) may do any
number of things that serve as a data point for collecting and searching agents:
send an email, post messages in a chatroom, view a web page, download a piece of
software, register for a service, or purchase a product. Collecting and
searching agents may be employers, private companies, other people, or the
government. An undesirable privacy state generally occurs when certain instances
of one attribute coincide with certain instances of others. The term "attribute"
refers to the variables (1), (2), and (3) themselves, and the term "instance"
refers to a potential value for that variable. For example, an attribute is the
property of having an agent of data collection itself and an instance of that
attribute could be a website, an advertiser who places an ad on that page, an
employer, or the government.

   While in an Orwellian state the government is both the collecting and the
searching agent, on the Internet its activity is generally limited to that of
the latter.n16 This circumstance notwithstanding, people remain extremely
concerned any time the government is the searching agent. Whether law restrains
the government from acting as such generally depends on the circumstances. For
example, prosecutors may use phone records to link names to Internet Protocol
("IP") addresses collected while users are on child pornography  [*1043]
sites,n17 but the government does not enjoy unfettered access to the content of
email transmissions. n18

   People are also suspicious of employers acting as searching agents, a
circumstance that is the source of much discussion as companies routinely
collect and search, among other things, the email and web-surfing histories of
their employees.n19 That employers may monitor email and web surfing to promote
productivity and protect against industrial espionage has become more of a fact
of life than a controversy, n20 and employers would likely contract around any
default rule to the contrary. Employers are rarely collecting agents without
also being searching agents and there is a straight-forward rationale for why:
Entities that are the former but not the latter generally subsist on selling
data about the things they observe, and the profit derived from selling the
web-surfing habits of its workforce is not worth the associated diminution in
job appeal to potential employees. Regardless of its economic justification,
many find employer surveillance objectionable because it represents an uninvited
source of behavior modification.

   People also become upset when they discover that they have been observed
without notice. Several years ago Intel ignited a firestorm when the public
learned that it embedded a unique identifier in each Pentium III chip, allowing
the company to collect information about what its customers were doing on the
Internet.n21 A  [*1044]  conceptually similar example of this type of invasion
occurred when RealNetworks allowed surfers to download its RealJukebox audio
product from its website.n22 RealNetworks, in turn, used a unique identifier
embedded in the RealJukebox software to collect information about its customers'
musical proclivities. n23

   Finally, people object not only to instance-attribute combinations involving
specific searching agents but also to the manner in which these agents use the
data. This is the "fourth attribute" violation. The "fourth attribute" refers to
a representation of a privacy violation that includes, as one of its primary
dimensions, what a searching agent does with the data. Properly understood,
however, these types of objections do not relate to informational privacy at
all. It borders on tautology to note that an entity compromises informational
privacy when it reveals private information. When people object to receiving
unsolicited emails or being dehumanized by advertising that treats them
categorically,n24 however, their objection does not stem from the information
revelation itself, but the use of that information. This activity, however, is
closer to harassment than to an informational privacy violation. The public
mistakenly analyzes the "fourth attribute" problem (in the clickstream context)
as one of informational privacy for two reasons.

   The first derives from faulty analogical reasoning. Many controversial uses
of data result in users receiving unsolicited email. Because of the obvious
analogy to real mail and real mailboxes, people tend to think of the receipt of
unsolicited email in the same privacy terms as they think of unsolicited real
mail. The analogy is surely warranted, and "junk mail" may well implicate a
privacy interest. That privacy interest, however, is not informational. It is
closer to the cluster of privacy interests that relate to being free from
physical invasions or harassment at home.n25 The second  [*1045]  source of
confusion resides in the character of the economic cause-and-effect
relationship. The ability to send junk mail and to deliver customized
advertisements to consumers creates a significant demand for personal
information. The market's response to this demand may compromise informational
privacy, but the mailing and advertising themselves do not. Consequently,
proscribing such behavior may be a means of vitiating the demand for
informational privacy violations, but this does not mean the demand-inducing
activity itself represents a violation.

   Clickstream data collection superficially exhibits almost none of the
qualities associated with typical claims about informational privacy and
therefore represents a relatively novel problem. The government certainly acts
as a searching agent, but for only a small fraction of the time, and lawmakers
may easily proscribe such searches by enacting legislation. Employers monitor
employee clickstreams,n26 but such monitoring is generally accepted as an
economic necessity. n27 Moreover, most people are aware that their clickstream
is collected, n28 and it is the absence of restrictions on such collection that
animates much popular concern. n29 Finally, that searching agents use
clickstream data for targeting is not a complaint about informational privacy at
all. Further analysis of clickstream privacy requires a deeper understanding of
the data exchange itself.

   B. Characteristics of Clickstream Data

 The most robust online databases store huge amounts of clickstream data
collected using cookies to identify individual computers.n30 The vast majority
of web interactions consist merely of a user downloading a web page, at which
point a website operator (publisher) will write to that computer a tiny
machine-readable  [*1046]  text file, called a cookie.n31 The cookie will
contain some identifier (this can be anonymous, like an ID number, or
non-anonymous, like a name) as well as other pieces of information that allow
the publisher both to personalize treatment of that user and to collect
information about that user's behavior on the site. n32 A cookie may therefore
also contain a zip code, an IP address, a favorite color, or an indication of a
preference for golf over tennis. On this author's computer, in the folder C:
WINDOWS COOKIES, there are currently 953 such text files. Clickstream data is
the information collecting agents store about the cookies that send requests to
their servers. n33

   A page view is a transaction, and understanding why this is so is crucial to
the process of identifying the privacy interests involved in the clickstream
context.n34 When a user downloads a web page, she is effectively requesting
content from a server. n35 When she types a URL address into her web browser,
she is requesting content residing at that location (that is why it is called an
address). n36 During the process of transmitting the information, in most
instances the content server will either (1) read a cookie it has previously
written to a specified directory in a user's computer, or (2) write a new cookie
if one is not already there. n37 The cookie will contain information allowing
the content server to customize user treatment based either on things that she
has requested or on a profile of her cookie history. n38

   There are three important things to remember about cookies. First, cookies
confer benefits upon users at the same time that they allow collecting agents to
extract information from them. Cookies allow publishers to personalize user
experience and to collect certain  [*1047]  data about user behavior.n39 Second,
for simplicity's sake this Note has thus far implied that only first-party
content servers can place a cookie on a user's computer, but other third
parties, generally advertisers or affiliates, may do so as well. n40 Third, this
information may or may not be collected anonymously. n41 Generally cookies from
third-party advertisers (entities that serve their clients' advertisements into
designated spaces on publisher pages) will not contain personally identifiable
information but will associate the information with a unique, but anonymous,
identifier. n42

   The invisible yet highly technical character of the exchange often means that
even if a user knows that a collecting agent is observing her, she may not know
the identity of such agents, the identities of potential searching agents, or
the potential uses to which the searches may be put. If she could condition her
data transfer on adherence to certain expectations about these unknowns, she
might consent to some of them but not to others. The seamlessness of the data
collection allows collecting agents to take advantage of users that do not know
that it is happening, and the presence of uncertainty regarding what may be done
with the data overdeters Internet use by those who do know.n43

    [*1048]  Using this Note's syntax, the instances of the first two attributes
in the clickstream context are (1) loading a web page and (2) first and third
parties that serve information into that page. What is objectionable about
clickstream data collection is not an undesirable combination of attributes, but
instead the inability to create certainty in a transaction for information. The
next Part attempts to place this concern, the inability to condition information
exchange on certain behavior, in a broader philosophical context.

   II. Clickstream Data and Privacy

   A. Watching Clickstreams

 The right of privacy is hardly a model of deontic precision.n44 Philosophers
and legal scholars alike have spilled much ink attempting to distill a unitary
privacy interest. n45 Such attempts at conceptualizing a privacy right, however,
inevitably fail to capture adequately the full range of activity people tend to
think of as protected by some sort of privacy interest. n46 The following
Section of this Note argues that the way one conceptualizes the right has
profound implications for clickstream privacy, as the only salient
conceptualizations suggest conferring upon a user the right to determine what
level of information privacy she is to enjoy. Before venturing into this more
abstract territory, however, one should understand a little more about the ways
in which collecting agents acquire, use, and sell clickstream data.

    [*1049]  On the publisher's end, clickstream data may be (1) used to
personalize user content, or (2) scrutinized for behavioral analysis of
customers. A cookie is just an identification number, like a bar code, that a
collecting agent writes to a user's computer. Each collecting agent sets its own
cookie, so it is very difficult for any single agent to amass comprehensive
web-wide profiles of user web-surfing patterns.n47 If Company A recognizes a
browser as cookie <number>987654 and Company B recognizes that same browser as
cookie <number>123456, Company B cannot realize substantial gains from
purchasing Company A's clickstream data because Company B has no way of knowing
with which of its cookies it should associate Company A cookie profile
<number>987654. For an entity to be able to marry two or more data sets, it
needs what is called a "unique identifier" - some coded identification that is
different for each web user and where that user has the same identification in
each of the two data sets. Unless cookie data is packaged with some unique
identifier allowing the buyer of the data to match it to its existing data, n48
there is no "dossier effect" whereby single collecting agents build highly
specific surfing profiles of behavior on a number of sites. n49 Moreover,
without a unique identifier associated with each browser, robust secondary
markets for non-aggregated cookie data seem unlikely. Company A could buy
clickstream data from Company B, but it would not know which of its cookies
correlated with each of Company B's.

   These conditions change somewhat, however, when third parties are the
collecting agents placing cookies on browsers. A third party, usually some sort
of advertising agent,n50 is an entity that deploys code (including a cookie) to
a web page using its own ad servers. n51 When a user downloads a page, the third
party will either  [*1050]  place a new cookie on, or read its existing cookie
from, the user's browser. Third-party clickstream profiles are in some ways more
comprehensive than those of web publishers because the third parties serve
material on a number of different websites.n52 If Website A, Website B, and
Website C all permit (or contract for) Third Party Z to serve the advertisements
on each of their respective sites, Third Party Z can use the same cookie for
each browser irrespective of which of the three sites the user is accessing. In
other words, whereas Websites A, B, and C only know what users do while they are
on their respective sites, Third Party Z can associate the behavior of a given
user on any of these sites with that user's behavior on any of the others.
Perhaps the most sophisticated of these third parties is DoubleClick, which by
2001 was serving over five billion targeted advertisements per week on over
11,500 websites. n53 Third parties are therefore more responsible than are other
first-party collecting agents for the dossier phenomenon, but the scope of this
"sinister" activity is subject to the same practical limitations as is that of
first parties. Like first-party collecting agents, third parties cannot buy or
sell any clickstream data they collect unless their data has a unique identifier
that can be associated with a unique identifier in another data set.

   B. Conceptualizing Privacy for Clickstream Data

 The first step in articulating a more analytically rigorous understanding of
privacy is to distinguish between the three broad privacy concepts. First,
privacy may denote the existence of a "right to have sufficient moral freedom to
exercise full individual autonomy."n54 Arguments in favor of the right to
reproductive freedom fall into this category. n55 Second, privacy may require
some sort of shield for activity one chooses to perform in seclusion rather than
[*1051]  in the public sphere.n56 Third, privacy may represent an individual's
claim to control "the processing - i.e., the acquisition, disclosure, and use -
of personal information." n57 The lines between these three are often blurred,
and the last two in particular seem to protect similar interests. The frameworks
discussed below, however, seek only to analyze the third category, informational
privacy.

   The collection of clickstream data makes more sense conceptualized as
implicating a certain type of privacy interest than it does implicating others.
This Note does not attempt to tackle the extraordinarily difficult question of
which understanding of informational privacy is "correct." Instead, this Note
argues that clickstream data collection implicates a limited set of privacy
interests. These interests are most effectively captured when privacy is
understood to represent the user's right to control the conditions under which
she alienates information. This context-driven understanding of privacy is
sometimes referred to as an "instrumental" understanding because it treats
privacy as a second order right, a means to another deontic end. In other words,
privacy's intrinsic value is regarded as secondary to its role in securing other
liberties. In a recent article, Professor Daniel J. Solove wrote:



   Not all privacy problems are the same, and different conceptions of privacy
work best in different contexts. Instead of trying to fit new problems into old
conceptions, we should seek to understand the special circumstances of a
particular problem. What practices are being disrupted? In what ways does the
disruption resemble or differ from other forms of disruption? How does this
disruption affect society and social structure? These are some of the questions
that should be asked when grappling with privacy problems.n58

 Answering these questions for clickstream data reveals an informational privacy
problem unlike any society has confronted before, and legal solutions should
reflect that difference rather than stubbornly attempt to graft old doctrines
onto new circumstances. The following discussion does not treat exhaustively all
privacy  [*1052]  conceptualizations, but is instead limited to those bearing a
substantial relationship to the clickstream privacy debate.

   The first conceptualization of privacy is as a right not to reveal
information because such revelation imposes tangible burdens on the revealer.n59
Being forced to sign in at a law library is an example of a search that imposes
such burdens. In other words, the right to privacy means the right to be free
from tangible costs imposed by collecting and searching agents. n60 The problems
with this conceptualization will not be discussed here because clickstream data
collection poses no significant inconvenience for Internet users. n61

   The second conceptualization predicates the privacy right on the notion that
monitoring and searching intrinsically offend human dignity,n62 and it therefore
enjoys the moniker "dignity theory." n63 Under this conceptualization, privacy
violations occur even if collecting agents impose tangible costs approaching
zero. More importantly, this conceptualization identifies privacy violations
even where the agent inflicting the harm may compensate the victim for the
violation. Some would invoke this conceptualization, for example, to condemn
profile-driven searches at airports. n64 This position is overstated, however,
because the affront to dignity associated with such searches arises from its
discriminatory application. The proposition that universally applied, costless
searches  [*1053]  could be what is protected by a privacy right is a
problematic one. Looking at a person may be the paradigmatic example of a
costless search but, in most circumstances, privacy does not restrict the
entitlement to see someone on the street. One may insult another by staring too
long, but the glance is offensive because it is cast selectively. Ignoring
further the dignity theory's obvious circularity problem,n65 the tangible costs
imposed on web surfers through collecting clickstream data are close to zero,
n66 and when most collecting agents "collect," they do so neither to identify
nor to discriminate by race, national origin, sexual orientation, or by any
other culturally sensitive variable. n67

   The third conceptualization of the right is the reciprocal of Victorian
propriety. Under this theory, privacy protects the right to be naughty,n68 and
privacy's role in defining the physical boundaries for adherence to propriety
prompts many to term this paradigm "civility theory." n69 Civility theory comes
in two substrains. First, privacy may represent a shield against punishment of
illegal acts, so long as they are performed outside the public sphere. n70 The
most troublesome issue for this substrain is deciding who determines which
crimes the law should punish. Some may believe victimless deviance to be
protected, but nobody believes murder, if only committed behind closed doors, is
protected by a privacy interest. Moreover, if privacy protects the freedom to do
otherwise-illegal acts at home, law could achieve these results much less
ambiguously by building those contingencies into positive legislative
enactments. n71 Although more clickstream privacy would increase protection for
illegal activity, n72 this protection is not what animates clickstream  [*1054]
privacy enthusiasts.n73 The illegal activities that this substrain seeks to
protect tend to involve deviant sex acts, such as oral or anal penetration, that
are physically impossible in light of the nature of the online medium. n74

   The deficiencies in the first substrain are not present in the second.
According to this second theory, the right of privacy protects behavior that,
while not illegal, is socially unpopular. Under a regime with strong privacy
protection, those engaging in legal but socially deviant behavior may do so
without fearing public exposure. This vision of privacy protects two types of
values. First, there is intrinsic value in not forcing people to suppress their
thoughts and feelings. People are allowed to "be themselves" behind closed
doors, and in so doing are allowed to perform activities to which they are
legally entitled, but from which they may refrain if forced to perform them
publicly.n75 Second, it assures the socially advantageous survival of legal, but
deviant, lifestyles and viewpoints. For example, if privacy enables anonymous
speech, this anonymity allows people to advance unpopular political viewpoints
without fearing the consequences of unpopularity. n76 Although privacy conceived
of as protection against majoritarian social norms could explain the push for
more anonymity in many web transactions, it does not bear strongly on the
clickstream data controversy. This is because clickstream data transactions
generally do not generate a personally identifiable chronique scandaleuse
sufficient to chill deviant activity. Some scholars would counter that
disclosure is not a necessary condition for chilling, as the mere act of
surveillance is enough to cause people to modify their behavior. This assertion
is plainly true, and one may say no more than that the magnitude of the
modifications is proportionately related to the likelihood of disclosure. With
respect to clickstream data, however, in almost no circumstance will the link
between a name and deviant activity be  [*1055]  disclosed to a third party
unless that activity is both deviant and illegal.

   Professor Julie Cohen is among the most persuasive exponents of the fourth
conceptualization, which treats privacy as "constitutive" in the sense that it
is an essential condition for one to function meaningfully in a democratic
society.n77 Commentators generally refer to this position as "autonomy theory"
n78 because it characterizes privacy as flowing directly from the notion that it
is a necessary condition for individual autonomy. n79 While the quality of these
arguments should not be understated, these arguments do not figure prominently
in this discussion for at least two reasons. First, Cohen's position occupies
highly contentious philosophical space. Powerful counterarguments cohabit this
intellectual territory, and resolving the broader issues regarding the role of
self-definition in political institutions lies beyond the scope of this Note.
n80 Second, any attempt to apply this conceptualization of privacy to the
clickstream context is almost impossible. Cohen's argument is so abstract that
even if one accepted its philosophical propositions on-face, the application
would remain subject to intense debate. n81

   Finally, some, including commentator Professor Jeffrey Rosen, conceive of
informational privacy as a right to control how one is revealed to others.n82 To
adopt the nomenclature favored by privacy  [*1056]  theorists, this idea fits
under the umbrella of autonomy theory.n83 Distinctions between Rosen's theory
and those of other autonomy theorists center in part on the acceptable
conditions for alienating information.

   In The Unwanted Gaze, Rosen uses the Monica Lewinsky debacle to illustrate
this conceptualization.n84 During the course of the Paula Jones trial the court
subpoenaed Lewinsky's purchase history from Amazon.com. Some of the purchases
were embarrassing to Lewinsky, and Rosen argues that this violated privacy
conceptualized as the right to selective revelation. n85 The government violated
Lewinsky's rights because it impaired her ability to reveal herself selectively
to others - she became "that type of person" who reads books about phone sex.
n86 Lewinsky therefore became a personality subject to cultural stereotypes and
uninformed generalizations. n87 Lewinsky ultimately elected to cede her purchase
records to the Starr commission without a legal contest, so the issue of whether
certain courts may subpoena this information remains unanswered. n88

   One can envision both a weak and a strong statement of this
conceptualization. The weak version would say that people have the right to
selectively reveal personal information to collecting agents. There are obvious
exceptions - people must submit financial information to the IRS, for example -
but most would not object to the gist of this assertion. The weak version, then,
is more an obvious statement of moral consensus than anything else. Absent
extenuating circumstances, people are free not to disclose personal information
to collecting agents.

   The strong version of the conceptualization, however, does resonate in the
clickstream context.n89 This version suggests not only that  [*1057]  people may
selectively reveal themselves to collecting agents, but that they may also
control how those entities use the information and to whom they reveal it.
Because Rosen's idea regarding the right to control and condition the revelation
of personal information to other entities - to be judged in context - may be a
bit ambiguous, the concept requires some elaboration. First, the right to be
judged in context may mean the right to be judged only when the person doing the
judging has all relevant information before making a judgment. Such a position
is a conceptual impossibility, however, as every judgment one makes about
another is based on an incomplete collection of information about that
person.n90 Second, it may mean a right to be judged only when there is
sufficient information to make an informed judgment. This threshold of
sufficiency, however, is almost impossible to identify - how much information
would be enough, and in which contexts? Third, and most plausibly, it may mean
the right to have collecting agents abide by conditions of information transfer
so as to give those about whom they are collecting information substantial
control over data used to make probabilistic judgments in secondary contexts. A
"secondary context" is some exchange of information involving the collecting
agent after the subject of that information has transmitted it to that
collecting agent. The following discussion proceeds from this third
understanding.

   The corollary of the notion that users may refuse to reveal information in
the presence of certain conditions is the notion that they may disclose
information. What most find objectionable in the clickstream context is the
inability of users to condition revelation on a collecting agent's adherence to
a set of mutually understood expectations. An Internet user will reveal
information when the return on revealing it exceeds the cost. The "cost" of
revealing information and, to a lesser extent, the return on revelation are
highly subjective values, particularly in the clickstream context.  [*1058]  The
following Sections argue that these subjective valuations are difficult to
reconcile with any prophylactic standard and that legal rules should complement
market exchanges for this information.

   III. Informational Privacy and Failing Markets

   A. Defining the Market

 Because many accept the proposition that a state of informational privacy is a
by-product of the market for information,n91 a large subset of those who find
that state undesirable may characterize that condition as one of "market
failure." n92 Before devising legal regimes to correct market failures, however,
one must understand the character of the failure itself. n93

   The first step in addressing market failure is identifying who is failing to
buy or sell what at a competitive price from or to whom. The proposition that
"the information market is failing" contemplates the market at an
inappropriately high level of abstraction. The proposition that the "market for
online information is failing" is similarly suspect (in that it is too abstract)
for at least two reasons. First, collecting and searching agents obtain data in
a variety of ways, and only a fraction of those exhibit properties whereby
society can comfortably deploy market institutions to control the transfer of
information. Second, even if one can characterize a standard practice as a
market, it does not follow that all such practices that take place in the same
medium (cyberspace) comprise the same market. Markets for email lists are quite
distinct from markets for clickstream data. There is some overlap between the
two because the same collecting and searching agents may be involved, but the
transactional requirements governing information exchange in each context are
radically different. Properly conceptualized,  [*1059]  the underlying exchange
does not involve currency, but instead represents a sale of data where the
marginal loss of informational privacyn94 associated with downloading a web page
approaches the value a user gains by viewing it. n95

   The market for personal information collected during the course of online
transactions, such as registrations or purchases, and the market for clickstream
data may be failing for reasons that are, in the abstract, similar. Each market
exhibits chronic information asymmetries, and, in each market,
information-buyers exhibit suspect fidelity to expressed obligations.n96 The
costs and returns on collecting data in each market, however, are radically
different. Each market therefore requires a unique set of rules to correct its
particular failures. The following is a discussion of the clickstream market.

   B. Identifying Failure

 The second step in addressing a market failure is determining which conditions
constitute failure and whether the market in question exhibits them. In his
illuminating 1979 article on nonmarket failures, economist Charles Wolf, Jr.
begins by summarizing "the essential points in the accepted theory" of market
failures.n97 The four archetypal market failures occur in situations where there
exist (1) externalities and public goods; n98 (2) increasing returns; n99 (3)
[*1060]  market imperfections relating to information asymmetries and
transaction costs;n100 and (4) distributional inequities. n101

   Although there may be salient points to be made about the presence of (1) and
(2) in the clickstream market,n102 most of the literature addresses (3) and (4).

 n103 Those failures associated with market imperfections are discussed
extensively below, but conspicuously omitted is a similarly comprehensive
discussion relating to the distributional implications of clickstream privacy.
Many commentators lament the fact that consumers may be compelled to forgo their
privacy because they cannot get the relevant goods or services elsewhere. n104
Because these choices can be made in a perfectly functioning market, however,
the objection relating to the distribution of information value between
collecting agents and users is one rooted in philosophy, not in economics.
Moreover, such concerns are less pressing in the clickstream context because the
good in question is often highly fungible reading material. To the extent that
there will often exist many close substitutes for a given piece of nonessential
material, a choice, made in a perfectly functioning market, to cede certain
pieces of user information would not constitute a forced sale in the sense that
the user sells because there are no substitute buyers. n105 If a user were
unwilling to cede information under certain conditions, she would have the
option of going to another website. The market for clickstream data therefore
fails  [*1061]  primarily in the third sense, because there exist tremendous
market imperfections relating to insufficient information and enforcement. Those
problems are treated more comprehensively in Section C below.

   Commentators almost pathologically appropriate survey results as evidence of
widespread market failure.n106 These surveys, however, are rarely useful in
helping lawmakers understand such failure. They provide little guidance for at
least four reasons: (1) the wording of questions distorts results; n107 (2)
attitudes about "privacy" reflect attitudes about activity that is conceptually
distinct from that term's meaning; n108 (3) the surveys do not accurately
represent tradeoffs between privacy and other consumer preferences; n109 and (4)
they generally do not measure the concern for online privacy relative to other
social desires. n110 Problems (1), (2), and (4) are all salient reasons for
rejecting survey data as a cornerstone of online privacy discussion, but problem
(3) is particularly compelling. To illustrate this point, assume a market
comprised of only two cars, Mercedes and Subaru. If ninety-nine percent of
survey respondents indicate a "strong preference" for Mercedes over Subaru, this
fact does not mean that the market is in disequilibrium because only three
percent of the population actually owns the German automobile. Naturally, most
people prefer a state of privacy over one of no privacy, but such a statement
says nothing about the strength of that preference. Surveys therefore distort
the choice because in reality the decision is not between a state of privacy and
that of no privacy, but between a state of more privacy  [*1062]  and other
goods. Despite the ostensibly intense preference for privacy expressed in
surveys, most consumers do not turn off their cookies.n111 In fact, one online
study showed that less than one percent of users had their cookies disabled.
n112 Why this tremendous disjunct between what consumers say and what they do?
There are two reasons. First, as discussed above, consumers' actual privacy
preferences are not nearly as strong as survey figures suggest. n113 Second, as
will be discussed below, the current market systematically disadvantages
consumers.

   C. Causes of Market Failure

 The third step in addressing market failure involves understanding why users
are systematically failing to exact a competitive price from collecting agents.
These failures are well chronicled in the legal literature,n114 but in the
interest of simplicity they can be grouped into two broad categories. First,
when consumers implicitly "consent" to observation by viewing a page, they
generally do not know what collecting agents may do with that observation (if
the consumers know that they are being observed at all). n115 Second, no
effective enforcement mechanism guarantees compliance with the expectations
generated if a user conditions her consent upon promises made by the collecting
agent. n116 The two are closely related - one cannot enforce the conditions upon
which a user grants consent without first discerning that a user has "consented"
- but in order to understand how they relate, it is first necessary to discuss
the two separately.

   The first cause of clickstream market failure is an egregious information
asymmetry between users and collecting agents because consumers lack information
about what collecting agents may do  [*1063]  with their data.n117 It almost
goes without saying that, as opposed to users, the collecting agents themselves
know which data they are collecting and with some exceptions, what they will do
with it. n118 In the absence of legal enforcement, the market could nonetheless
function efficiently if consumers could roughly calibrate their surfing patterns
to reflect the amount of information they wished to divulge. n119 In such a
model, a user would effectively "vote with her mouse," visiting only those pages
for which the value of the "view" exceeded the marginal loss associated with
revealing the data point (and other costs associated with looking at the page).
n120

   Consumers must acquire knowledge about what collecting agents do with data,
but the problem is that they struggle to do so when the agent does not
conveniently provide such knowledge. The relational information defaults of the
consumer-collecting agent transaction (in the clickstream context) give buyers
no incentive to inform the sellers. The absence of meaningful consumer
awareness, coupled with the even-more-conspicuous absence of legal rules for
enforcing the promises contained in online privacy policies, means that the
collecting agent has little incentive to facilitate an explicit understanding of
user expectations.

   Many collecting agents now have hyperlinks to privacy policies housed on a
company website.n121 Anyone who has tried to read them, however, knows that
discerning their clear meaning is an exercise in frustration. The policies are
often difficult to locate. n122 The language of the policies is often unclear
and difficult for laypeople  [*1064]  to understand.n123 Although it is rarely
clear to the user what activity constitutes consent to which terms, "sticking
around" is increasingly treated as granting consent to use data collected as
users navigate the website. n124 Websites often reserve the right to change
their privacy policy at any time. n125 Finally, the policies rarely clarify the
information practices of third parties with material on the website. n126

   Some commentators resist legal solutions to this conundrum because they
maintain that, given time, industry norms will adjust to rectify the
situation.n127 They point to industry initiatives to control data mining and the
advent of certificatory companies like TRUSTe as evidence of the success of
these developing norms. n128 These responses, however, have quite noticeably
failed to force collecting agents to reveal a substantial amount of information.

 n129 Generally speaking, these certificatory companies merely verify the
existence of privacy policies rather than examine their accuracy. n130 Even if
these certificatory companies succeed in compelling collecting agents to post
privacy policies, such success would not  [*1065]  address problems involving
what constitutes consent to such policies. Finally, collecting agents are not
consistently re-evaluated to ensure that they are complying with the policy as
originally conveyed to the certificatory company.n131 These certificatory
companies possess an economic incentive not to be too harsh on clients. n132
Substantial evidence shows that these privacy policies do not figure prominently
in users' decisions to allow collecting agents to exact information. n133
Consequently, the risk of net losses associated with aggressive enforcement
through suspension of trustmarks (icons indicating that a given collecting agent
meets certain standards) would render these programs sufficiently unappealing to
potential clients that these certificatory companies would be enforcing
themselves right out of the market. n134

   Although the relevant literature extensively discusses the failure of legal
rules to force collecting agents to disclose information regarding data
practices,n135 it largely ignores their failure to force consumers to reveal
certain useful pieces of information about themselves: their privacy
preferences. The effect is to promote a regime where buyers have to reveal what
they do without sellers having to reveal what they want. Such an oversight is
understandable because, up until quite recently, n136 there had been no
cost-efficient way for users to transmit this information to collecting agents.
Even if websites had been willing to provide a form to determine the clickstream
privacy preferences of their users, the number of people completing the form
would have been so small that the economic benefit to a website differentiating
its service offering based on those preferences would be minimal. n137 A drop in
the costs of revealing preferences would increase gains from trade by giving
[*1066]  collecting agents valuable information about the potential consumer
response to changes in privacy policies.n138

   The second broad cause of clickstream market failure is the glaring absence
of a meaningful legal enforcement mechanism. Even if a website's privacy policy
is abundantly clear, no legal force guarantees the expectations it
generates.n139 Granting a civil cause of action to the person whose expectations
are disappointed does not make sense if the cost of bringing it exceeds the
value lost by the collecting agent's violation.

   The absence of any enforcement mechanism means that sites do not have to
honor their own privacy policies and that they are free to use whatever language
they choose in crafting potentially misleading guarantees. Collecting agents
have an incentive to avoid misusing consumer information only to the extent that
such use risks negative publicity. The violation of consumer expectations must
be enormous before it inflicts sufficiently concentrated losses to generate a
response. DoubleClick's acquisition of Abacas Direct, an offline data miner, was
one such public incident.n140 Collecting agents are free to commit smaller
violations because in such  [*1067]  situations they do not incur the losses
associated with public relations disasters. One should not overstate the
latitude collecting agents currently enjoy, however, because these disasters
carry a sufficiently severe penalty that data miners already have an incentive
to avoid the most egregious practices implicating informational privacy.

   The failure of consumers to track and report back on misuse of their
clickstream data represents the classic collective-action problem.n141 A single
consumer cannot appropriate all the information gains a market would accrue
through such unilateral audits. Only for the most extreme privacy sociopath is
the return on monitoring sufficiently large that it exceeds its cost, so only
such user anomalies would bother to see what happens to their data. In the
absence of a legal entitlement to preclude misuse, news about a violation does
nothing but provide consumers with information about the likelihood of such an
occurrence in the future. Without a cause of action, the user performing such
meticulous tracking gets only this predictive information in return for her
exhausting audit.

   Norms also fail to remedy this aspect of market failure. If users could
successfully organize to fund a single auditing agent, then information about
misuse, even absent a cause of action, could be worth the pro-rata cost of
contribution. Certificatory companies such as TRUSTe, however, do not do any
such back-end inquiries into whether collecting agents adhere to the obligations
expressed in their privacy policies.n142 The absence of such unitary auditing
entities is likely a testament to the fact that, without a cause of action,
consumers are not willing to pay for them.

   The absence of any back-end check on whether collecting agents are fulfilling
their obligations has disastrous effects on the market. Unenforceability renders
the cost of exchanging information extremely uncertain for consumers. As
adherence to expressed obligations becomes more uncertain, and because users are
risk-averse, the valuation a user places on a privacy term, V<User>, falls to a
level lower than the expected likelihood of adherence multiplied by V<User>
where all obligations are honored. This uncertainty destroys potential  [*1068]
gains from trade with risk-averse users who are aware that they are being
observed. Some would doubtlessly respond to this claim by noting that the
explosion of Internet surfing over the last several years belies uncertainty's
value-destroying effects,n143 but such uncertainty is only one of many variables
that govern the decision about whether to surf the Internet. The argument is not
that uncertainty grinds web surfing to a halt, but instead that, ceteris
paribus, it retards growth relative to a market without it.

   D. Two Objectives for a Solution

 The final step in addressing market failure involves identifying the objectives
that should drive measures to fix it. If one accepts that under appropriate
conditions certain information should be freely alienable, then it is relatively
uncontroversial that some mix of the following two objectives should animate the
market for clickstream data: (1) Consumer expectations should be protected (the
"compensatory objective") and (2) information should flow to the highest valued
use (the "utility objective"). Unfortunately, these objectives are not always
complementary. The relationship between these objectives may be illustrated by a
mathematical relationship. If costs of information, transaction, and enforcement
were all zero and V<User>n144 was known by all parties, then any promotion of
the compensatory objective would always promote the utility objective so long as
the user received V<User> upon any single unauthorized use of the data,
DU<Unauth>, where the value of such use, DUV<Unauth>, exceeds V<User>. Then, by
definition, collecting agents would always and only violate expectations when
the value of the unauthorized use exceeded the user's reservation price for
parting with her privacy. n145 If collecting agents always and only violate
consumer expectations when DUV[in' Unauth ']> V<User>, and if the aforementioned
assumptions hold, a legal regime facilitating such decisionmaking would satisfy
both objectives.

    [*1069]  The fact that none of these assumptions holds in the real world
means that, at some level of fidelity to privacy expectations, increased
enforcement will diminish gains from trade. In a situation where there existed
no fidelity to privacy expectations, increased enforcement would almost
certainly bolster gains from trade by keeping the Internet attractive to
consumers.n146 A state of informational privacy where collecting agents
exhibited no fidelity to user expectations would generate uncertainty that would
almost certainly deter web surfing, making it more difficult for collecting
agents to acquire data in the first place. At some higher level of enforcement,
however, the associated costs may begin to constrain gains from trade as they
would either decrease the net benefit of data collection for collecting agents
or decrease the reservation price paid to the user in the event of a violation.
n147

   Nevertheless, holding the level of privacy protection constant, one legal
regime is preferable to another if it can be implemented with fewer sacrifices
in the form of gains from trade in information. Ideally, a legal regime would
seek to encourage unauthorized data uses so long as (1) the collecting agent
pays the user at least V<User> (satisfying the compensatory objective), and (2)
DUV<Unauth> > V<User> (satisfying the utility objective). Economists would
consider these secondary data uses to be "Pareto superior" because all parties
would be at least as well off as they would be prior to the violation of the
privacy term.n148

   The practical workability of a legal regime grounded in such thinking turns
on the availability of its technological predicates. It would seem obtuse to
speak of a user's reservation price if there  [*1070]  were no realistic way of
determining it. It would be similarly wrongheaded to premise rules on the
ability to return these values to consumers in the event that collecting agents
violate expectations if there is no realistic way either of identifying the
violation or of inexpensively compensating the "victim."

   Parts V and VI advance some ideas about how a regime might solve these
problems, but there admittedly remains a salient objection regarding the
difficulty of enforcing expectations at a sufficiently low transaction cost so
as to preserve gains from trade. Following Part IV's discussion of current
privacy doctrine is an attempt to outline a statutory regime that achieves both
compensatory and utility objectives by minimizing the transaction cost of
monitoring and punishing clickstream privacy violations.

   IV. The Current State of Legal Protection

 Existing legal doctrine is not equipped to deal with the novel demand for
information that the World Wide Web enables.n149 Statutory remedies, on at least
three occasions, have proven to be equally incapable of redressing alleged
injury from abuse of cookie data. n150 There exists no comprehensive U.S.
privacy legislation, and courts have, for various reasons, refused to subject
clickstream protocols  [*1071]  to the Stored Communications Act,n151 the
Federal Wiretap Act, n152 and the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. n153 Fourth
Amendment law and privacy torts are the primary nonstatutory vessels available
to those who would invoke the law to control entities that buy and sell
clickstream data. Unfortunately, applying privacy tort law would require courts
to completely rework existing doctrine, and applying the Fourth Amendment would
require the same to be done to the Constitution. n154

   Under the state action doctrine, the Constitution grants individuals
protection against only state actors.n155 Most of the entities that
systematically collect and distribute information about Internet users, however,
are private. n156 Constitutional protection surrounding the exchange of personal
information is therefore limited. n157

   Most of what people find objectionable in the clickstream context has little
or nothing to do with government. Private companies collect cookie data and
other private companies buy it. In 1890, Professor Samuel Warren and
then-Professor Louis Brandeis first advanced the modern conception of privacy in
their famous article  [*1072]  in the Harvard Law Review.n158 The market for
information has undergone dramatic changes over the last century, and, as a
result, privacy torts cannot serve as a doctrinal foundation for regulating
online data exchange.

   For many years, tort law has protected a cluster of privacy interests
centered largely around the need for celebrities and other notable public
figures to insulate themselves from overzealous public scrutiny.n159 In an
episode of The Simpsons guest starring Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger, Homer
quips, "Look, all I'm saying is, if these big stars didn't want people going
through their garbage and saying they're gay, then they shouldn't have tried to
express themselves creatively." n160 Famous people have always had to guard
their privacy closely because there has always been money to be made in
celebrity gossip, which is really nothing more than valuable personal
information. With the advent of the World Wide Web, however, it can be lucrative
to gather information about anybody. Costs of collection, storage, and search
have fallen to such a degree that now more than just celebrities are concerned
about protocols for managing personal information. n161 The threat to which law
must respond is no longer merely that of people like Homer Simpson slandering
celebrities and pawing through their trash, but that of highly organized
companies systematically collecting and selling data about ordinary people. The
market for information has changed in ways that render existing privacy torts a
particularly clumsy doctrinal vehicle for addressing many modern privacy
concerns.

   The Second Restatement of Torts delineates four distinct actions for invasion
of privacy: unreasonable intrusion into another's seclusion, appropriation of
another's name or likeness, unreasonable publicity given to another's private
life, and publicity that unreasonably  [*1073]  places another in a false light
before the public.n162 None of these actions would be useful in addressing
clickstream privacy concerns. n163

   The false light tort plainly cannot apply because the relevant data does not
represent false information.n164 The publicity tort cannot apply because it
generally requires that the information be made available for public
consumption. Intrusion upon seclusion and misappropriation are therefore the
only conceivable tort actions available for protecting clickstream privacy
interests.

   The intrusion upon seclusion tort sets an extremely high bar for liability.
The intrusion must (1) be into either a person's personal seclusion or her
"private affairs," and (2) be "highly offensive to a reasonable person."n165
Courts appear unlikely to consider online intrusions as exhibiting either of
these characteristics. n166 Clickstream data represents a record of which
browsers downloaded which pages. For the action to lie, either the information
contained in the cookie or the fact that this information can be associated with
viewing certain content must be a "private matter." The data in the cookie
itself may be personal, but it is rarely private. n167 One would also have a
difficult time characterizing as an "intrusion" the fact that the collecting
agent knows characteristics about the person to whom it is delivering content -
particularly when offline commercial transactions generate this sort of
information all the time. Of equal importance is that courts seem unwilling to
characterize  [*1074]  these practices as "highly offensive to a reasonable
person,"n168 the second element of an intrusion claim.

   Examination of misappropriation tort cases reveals that liability attaches
only when a defendant uses a recognizable person's image or likeness to endorse
a particular thing.n169 Although the misappropriation tort protects people from
certain unauthorized uses of identities, this protection does not extend to the
exchange of facts about ordinary people. In Cox v. Hatch, several workers
objected to their appearance in a campaign photo with Orrin Hatch. n170 The
court rejected the misappropriation claim in part because their identities did
not have "intrinsic value." n171 The word "intrinsic" is inappropriate because
even if an identity can be said to possess "value," that value is not in any
sense primordial or inherent. The value of someone's identity or likeness is
what the market is willing to pay for it. To say that celebrities' identities
have worth is to say that people would be willing to pay for their likeness. The
workers' identities did not lack "intrinsic value" because there is no such
thing. The proper way of understanding why the workers were not deprived of
economic value is that their identities' market value was sufficiently close to
zero that the unauthorized use did not deprive them of any economic gain. Paul
McCartney's likeness is worth something because (1) people respond positively to
a perceived association with Paul McCartney, and (2) there are not many Paul
McCartneys. Conversely, John Doe's likeness is not worth much because (1) an
endorsement from John Doe is not uniquely compelling, and (2) there are many
substitute John Does. Unauthorized use of John Doe's identity does not deprive
him of an economic gain because no lucrative possibilities existed for him
[*1075]  to sell his identity in the first place. The distinction between the
court's characterization of economic value and that presented here would be of
little consequence in Cox, but would be extremely important in analyzing
clickstream data collection precisely because in such a context an ordinary
person's identity does have market value.

   The analytic clarification in the preceding paragraph pushes the
misappropriation tort further towards cognizability in the clickstream context
because, under that understanding, the presense or absence of value does not
turn on a user's status as ordinary. Despite this clarification, the
misappropriation action would still fail to mediate online data collection
because the objection to unauthorized identity use is not the revelation of the
identity itself, but rather the use of that entity to endorse something. In
Tropeano v. Atlantic Monthly Co., for example, a court rejected a
misappropriation claim against The Atlantic Monthly when a woman objected to her
appearance in a photo associated with a story about changing sexual mores.n172
The court invoked the "incidental use" doctrine in the process of rejecting the
claim. n173

   The magazine did not, the court reasoned, appropriate the woman's specific
likeness for pecuniary gain - the photo was just illustrative. The author merely
used the picture to describe the change in mores. Comment (d) of the Restatement
suggests, and the Tropeano court seems to accept, that if one appropriates an
identity for a description rather than for an endorsement then courts do not
consider that identity to be misappropriated.n174 Cookie data is used for
describing and predicting behavior, not as a means of using one person's
identity or visage to manipulate the behavior of another. Less abstractly, a
successful misappropriation claim seems to require that the plaintiff's identity
be used in some sort of publication. Clickstream data, however, is almost never
published and in the rare instances when it is, the data is almost always
anonymous and aggregated. n175

    [*1076]  Even if privacy torts could be strained to the point of relevance
in the clickstream context, applying them would be economically undesirable.
First, the inevitable reference to some objective standard of reasonableness
introduces substantial uncertainty into the status of legal liability.n176
Because both websites and users would, ceteris paribus, disfavor greater risk,
such legal ambiguity would chill both data collection and web surfing. n177

   Second, even if the standard were clear, few would sue. Tortious damage would
generally be both small and dispersed amongst a tremendous number of users.
Although class action lawsuits are designed to remedy precisely these
conditions,n178 in the clickstream context they are sufficiently extreme that
even the transaction cost of participating in a class action could dwarf the
return on litigation. Even more importantly, the character of the injury is such
that it imposes transaction costs associated with identifying the appropriate
class of plaintiffs.

   Third, even if people sued, calibrating damages so as to encourage socially
optimal data collection would be impossible. Ideally,  [*1077]  a tort regime
would seek to assess liability only where the value of the unauthorized use
(DUV<Unauth>) is less than V<User>. Private actors are likely to pursue this
socially optimal strategy only where their marginal private cost equals the
marginal social cost. The only way courts can force socially optimal information
practices is therefore to calibrate the damages to reflect the marginal social
cost. A number of violations will doubtlessly go unreported, so the damage
measure for those that are successfully litigated would also have to impose a
penalty in disproportion to the injury incurred by the user. The coefficient by
which to scale the damage measure up or down, however, would be pure
guesswork.n179

   Finally, even a perfectly administered liability rule would destroy
potentially beneficial gains from trade. People have highly differentiated
privacy preferences,n180 meaning that some strongly value their privacy while
others do not. If downloading a web page is viewed as a transaction (content for
information), some people would be willing to make this exchange with few
restrictions, while others would make the exchange only after securing the most
stringent protection. A prophylactic standard n181 eliminates possible gains
from trade associated with such highly differentiated preferences. n182 A
single, perfectly administered standard imputes to each user the preference of
the average. A rule set at this average would therefore (1) fail to protect
those whose preference is above the average and (2) foreclose the possibility of
mutually beneficial transactions with those parties whose preference is below
it.

    [*1078]  In sum, existing privacy law is neither doctrinally appropriate nor
economically desirable as a vehicle for addressing clickstream privacy concerns.

   V. Towards a Regime of Default Entitlements

   A. Oversight of Default Models

 Promulgating a scheme of statutory default entitlements around which users and
collecting agents could bargain could be, under certain conditions, a viable
means of both protecting user expectations and preserving gains from trade. As
intimated in Part III, the most important such condition is low bargaining
costs. Default entitlement proposals (many times in the form of majoritarian
contract default rules) for regulating personal data exchange are nothing
new,n183 although to this author's knowledge no scholars have advocated such
solutions for clickstream data. Default models are most desirable where
transaction and enforcement costs do not dwarf the value of the underlying good
being traded. Only recently has the advent of new browser technology and web
surfing protocols rendered such a default system feasible.

   Some opponents critical of more prophylactic tort standards have advocated
propertizing online data.n184 This property paradigm, theorists reason, would
avoid the opportunity costs of applying a prophylactic standard to a privacy
context with highly differentiated preferences and would preserve users'
autonomy to control how their data would be used. Intellectual property law,
however,  [*1079]  has stubbornly refused to propertize facts,n185 and it is
doubtful whether those advocating property rights in information could advance a
compelling economic argument for clickstream data's being excepted. Aside from
broader concerns regarding the social value of freely flowing information, the
costs of enforcing property rights over facts almost surely exceed the costs of
ensuring exclusive use protectively. n186 A relationship to a piece of
information mediated by property law is a right against the world, n187 whereas
a relationship to that same piece of information mediated by contract is merely
a right against the entity with whom the disclosing agent is transacting. First,
property rules fail to promote the utility objective because data buyers
(collecting agents and secondary purchasers) would have to secure from the user
the right to buy and use the data, imposing substantial transaction costs that
would make almost any secondary data use impossible. Second, property rules also
fail to protect users in that they may be forced to make an all-or-nothing
decision without being able to attach conditions to data collection. The reason
for this problem is that the First Amendment protects non-contractually
restricted speech (data disclosure) about information a speaker has legally
acquired. n188 Courts, however, have consistently held that bargained-for
restrictions on the right to speak trump a speaker's First Amendment right to
disclose information. n189

[*1080]

   Figure 1

   [SEE FIGURE IN ORIGINAL]

 A model that allocates default entitlements between the user and the collecting
agent and then allows them to bargain around the baseline enjoys several
additional advantages over models premised on more prophylactic standards.
First, the concept of default rules can impute to an exchange certain implied
conditions when the parties fail to contract for express conditions. These
defaults play a critical role in forcing valuable information from both the user
and from the collecting agent. Second, a contract model can accommodate the
highly differentiated set of expectations - an invaluable feature in the
clickstream context because, as Figure 1  [*1081]  illustrates, V<User> can vary
significantly from user to user.n190 If users' privacy preferences are highly
differentiated, then although a standard set at the "reasonable expectation" may
well enforce the average expectation, that average will rarely reflect V<User>
for any given consumer. Any prophylactic damage measure failing to enforce an
actual valuation either overdeters secondary data use (where V<User> is lower
than that protected by the standard) or undercompensates the user (where V<User>
is higher) for her violated expectation. Such a damage measure, then, would
simultaneously constrain gains from trade (undermining the utility objective)
and underprotect user expectations (undermining the compensatory objective). The
statistical corollary of these propositions is that, from a pure utility
standpoint, the desirability of a prophylactic privacy standard is inversely
related to the standard deviation of V<User>. n191

   The requisite assumptions of such a bargaining model were, until recently, so
preposterous that, although thinkers posed contractual defaults for other
informational privacy quagmires, they rightfully ignored such possibilities in
the clickstream context. Clickstream default proposals have escaped academic
attention for several reasons. First, the high transaction costs of bargaining
rendered making explicit the obligations of clickstream data exchange not worth
the benefit of exchanging it. Second, no compelling mechanism existed for
discerning individual reservation prices in a context where user valuations were
highly differentiated. Third, enforcement of an expectation damage measure (in
this scheme the reservation price, V<User>) would have been so expensive that it
would have suffocated gains from trade, rendering otherwise mutually beneficial
transactions economically undesirable for either the user or the collecting
agent. These conditions have led most to call for either a common law or
statutory remedy predicated on prophylactic rules regarding what collecting
agents may do with clickstream data when they acquire it from users. If,
however, one could engineer a  [*1082]  market environment that inexpensively
created, stored, and enforced expectations, then one could only justify such
inflexible rules on paternalistic grounds (namely, that people should want more
privacy than they do). Ultimately, the bargaining model would be "Pareto
superior" because unlike the inflexible rules, it would improve the position of
all those involved.

   B. The Platform for Privacy Preferences ("P3P")

 The Platform for Privacy Preferences ("P3P") project has enjoyed intense
intellectual scrutiny for several years.n192 P3P is a product of the World Wide
Web Consortium ("W3C") and represents a set of recommended protocols governing
information exchange over the Internet. n193 The debate surrounding the ultimate
viability of P3P remains extremely volatile, with the protocols receiving
treatment from commentators that ranges from unabashed enthusiasm to scathing
derision. n194 This Note's discussion, however, involves only the protocols for
clickstream data and may therefore be exempt from some of the more extreme
characterizations of P3P as a whole. Although P3P may indeed be an invaluable
tool for mediating certain informational privacy contexts, people should remain
skeptical of claims of its talismanic significance in others.

   Microsoft's most recent browser product, Internet Explorer 6.0, uses P3P as
its cookie-handling protocol.n195 Some earlier browser versions have a more
inchoate protocol that either rejects or accepts all cookies. n196 Some
commentators have reported version 6.0  [*1083]  market penetration to be as
high as 30%,n197 and that figure will surely increase. As collecting agents
increasingly deploy the protocol, one can expect the next generation of browsers
to be equipped with some sort of cookie-handling feature and that companies like
Microsoft will set the defaults. n198

   Under the "Internet Options" tab of the Microsoft Internet Explorer software
6.0 there is a tab for "Privacy."n199 Although there are a number of online
privacy issues, n200 these settings deal exclusively with cookies. There are six
gradations of cookie-handling from which the consumer may choose: accept all
cookies, low, medium, medium-high, high, and block all cookies. n201 The default
setting is medium, which, among other things, blocks any cookies from servers
without compact privacy policies. n202 Under the P3P cookie-handling
functionality deployed by Explorer, when a user first types the URL address into
the browser, the browser requests a privacy policy reference file from all
collecting agents (domains) serving cookie content into that web page. n203
These agents generally consist of the website and any affiliates or advertisers
also serving code into that page. If the site has what is called a "compact
privacy policy," the collecting agent will return the reference file detailing
the location  [*1084]  of that policy to the browser.n204 The browser will then
request the XML-(Extensible Markup Language) encoded compact privacy policy,
which it then compares to the user's preset privacy preferences. n205 If the
collecting agent's treatment of cookies conforms to the user-determined
parameters, it may set the cookie in the manner stipulated by the browser
setting. n206 All of this (aside from the user setting her preferences) occurs
almost instantaneously. The user does not, as in some earlier generations of
browsers, n207 receive a prompt every time a collecting agent tries to set a
cookie, thereby incurring significant transaction costs in attempting to protect
her privacy. If a collecting agent attempts to set a cookie that is either
blocked or downgraded by the browser, a little red icon signaling that event
appears in the bottom right corner of the screen. n208 If the user wishes to
investigate the specifics of the rejection or modification, n209 she can click
on that icon for a report.

   C. Default Rules

 The concept of default rules has certainly received attention in the online
context.n210 In 1989, Professors Ian Ayres and Robert Gertner wrote an
enormously influential article on the appropriate criteria for default rule
selection. n211 Professor Jerry Kang has systematically incorporated those
criteria into a contract-based proposal  [*1085]  for the collection of
non-clickstream personal information (such as that collected during purchase or
registration).n212 Kang likely failed to treat clickstream data for largely the
same reasons as did other commentators - the transaction costs associated with
making explicit the conditions of data exchange would dwarf the value of the
data point itself. n213 The integration of new browser technology with P3P
protocols depresses the transaction costs involved in securing express
obligations from collecting agents and, in so doing, crowds out fewer data
exchanges that, in the face of larger contracting costs, would not be worthwhile
for the user nor for the collecting agent.

   Ayres and Gertner's seminal paper takes two major positions. First, they
argue that penalty defaults, or default rules that force one of the transacting
parties to reveal certain critical pieces of information to the other, may be
justified where information asymmetries would otherwise allow one party to
protect its "share of the pie" by strategically withholding information at the
expense of the collective "size of the pie."n214 Second, Professors Ayres and
Gertner attack arguments for majoritarian defaults that employ criteria
resembling rules that most people would choose. n215 This condition, they argue,
holds only when (1) the losses associated with not being able to "flip out" of
each of the two default rules are equivalent, n216 and (2) the transaction costs
of flipping, for each default rule, are also equivalent. n217 It may in some
cases make sense to have  [*1086]  a minority default where flipping out is less
expensive and/or failure to flip entails a less significant loss for one of the
parties.

   In part because the transaction costs of a user flip would likely be the same
without regard to how the default itself is set,n218 this discussion focuses
primarily (1) on the loss associated with users getting "stuck" with an
undesirable term, and (2) on the first part of the argument, the
information-forcing function of default rules. The following is a discussion of
the desired informational defaults for P3P cookie protocols.

   What is unique, indeed unprecedented, about clickstream defaults is that they
can literally be encoded for every exchange of clickstream data. They are not
there as "gap-fillers," but are technologically embedded as conditions for each
page view. P3P cookie-handling devices epitomize the "code" that Professor
Lawrence Lessig sees as the linchpin of cyber-governance.n219 If the transacting
parties achieve a proxied agreement on expectations based upon either default
privacy preferences or those input by the user, the default settings effectively
are the default legal rules. As long as a legal regime enforces the expectation
as expressed by the browser menu, legal defaults deviating from their technical
analogues would be inefficient because, in every instance, one would have to
override the other. Moreover, the default settings exhibit a tremendous amount
of inertia because (1) many do not know about them, and (2) if they do, they may
not be comfortable changing them. The default browser settings should therefore
be subjected to intense scrutiny. Except for the first point, the following
discussion deals largely with default "rules" insofar as the encoded browser
settings reify them.

   First, the default rules should apply only when the user has a browser that
would enable her to express her expectations using the browser's privacy menu.
It may be possible to bargain over terms without the browser features, but such
dickering is more expensive (in terms of effort) than is an automated exchange
between browser and server. To the extent that the fixed cost of acquiring the
browser technology is small (one can download  [*1087]  Explorer 6.0 for free),
a default term construed against users - in other words, one that locates most
of the "ownership" of a clickstream data point with the collecting agent - in
the event that they fail to use browsers with cookie-handling functionality
encourages them to procure browsers with this feature.n220

   Second, the default browser settings should (and currently do) block cookies
from collecting agents that have no compact, machine-readable privacy policy.
This setting forces information about data usage from collecting agents because
it penalizes those that do not provide a clear and instantaneously readable
privacy policy. This default setting eliminates problems associated with web
operators concealing and manipulating current privacy policies so as to protect
their "piece of the pie."

   Third, the defaults should and do "leash" all first-party cookies, meaning
that only the issuing collecting agent may read them. Most people appreciate the
benefits of personalization,n221 although many may not realize that cookies and
customization are related. Keeping a virtual "shopping cart" and having news
items that are of idiosyncratic interest placed prominently on news sites are
two examples of the advantages cookies confer upon users. n222 Many people,
however, would not consent to a cookie placed by one site that may be read by
other, unidentified sites. Consumers should be responsible for understanding
that websites do set cookies, but they should not be responsible for knowing,
without being told, which third parties may read them. A default that accepted
cookies readable by third parties would chill web surfing by introducing more
uncertainty into the clickstream collection context. n223 Because consumers do
appreciate the gains from personalization associated with a leashed first-party
cookie, a blanket default set to reject all first-party cookies linking
clickstream data to personal information would either (1) stick a number of
people with a rule that, absent  [*1088]  the costs of contracting, they would
rather contract around or (2) force those who indeed elect to contract around it
to incur gratuitously the costs of doing so. Devising a default rule leashing
first-party cookies therefore avoids the transaction costs associated with a
rule that blocks them entirely and eliminates uncertainty by forcing websites to
explicitly and specifically identify any additional entities that may enjoy
access to the cookies.

   Finally, the defaults should accept anonymous, third-party cookies. The
presence of third-party cookies evokes the strongest reaction from users because
these files allow collecting agents to compile user profiles across a number of
sites.n224 This concern represents a reaction to the "dossier effect" because a
single collecting agent can monitor and compile behavior across a variety of
contexts. That being said, such dossier effects are less objectionable to the
extent that they are anonymous, meaning that they cannot be tied to any
personally identifiable information. The difference between personally
identifiable dossiers and anonymous ones is roughly the difference between a
pharmacy knowing the identity of a person buying a certain mix of medication and
the mere fact that a person is buying it. A cookie is "anonymous" if the third
party does not collect it to associate it with, or set it to contain, a name, an
email address, a real-space address, a social security number, or any other
information that could be used to identify the behavior of the associated person
in the real world. Without certainty regarding uses to which the data may be put
offline, the average informed consumer would attach a highly negative valuation
to the third-party use of personally identifiable clickstream data.

   Some would go even further and maintain that the default should block
third-party cookies entirely. Such a setting would be a terrible misstep, as it
is little exaggeration to say that targeted advertising is the lifeblood of free
publications.n225 Those desiring a default that does not accept third-party
cookies would respond by arguing (1) that disallowing third-party cookies would
not represent a death knell for online targeted advertising, and (2) that those
users  [*1089]  desiring third-party cookies could just adjust the privacy menu
from the default to reflect such preferences.

   With respect to the first point, targeted advertising would persist, but with
the same limitations as exist offline. Certain publications cater to targeted
audiences, and third-party advertisers would retain the ability to talk to that
audience generally, but they would not be able to differentiate within that
audience. The ability to differentiate within the broader audience of a targeted
publication is the advantage of advertising online versus off. Advertisers are
willing to pay a premium for online advertising precisely because when third
parties serve an advertisement to a user, they can target the material pursuant
to that user's cookie history.n226 If default rules effectively disable this
targeting capability then many web publishers that subsist on advertising
revenue would be forced either to go under or to switch to other revenue models.
Consumers would find themselves either without the same selection of content or
having to pay more for it.

   With respect to the second point, the question is not quite fair. If a user
never had to internalize the costs of a decision to refuse third-party cookies
then it is quite possible that she would elect to block them. A user
internalizes the effects of her decision to block first-party cookies by
sacrificing the personalization that the cookie provides. Unless websites can
efficiently calibrate access or service to reflect the aggregate advertising
loss inflicted by a single user's decision to block a third-party cookie,
however, the user will not have to internalize the cost of her decision.

   Again, the point may be expressed as a mathematical relationship. The user
captures all the return on her decision to refuse the cookie, R[in'Block_3'],
but shares the aggregate burden in the form of sacrificed advertising
opportunity, L<Advertising>, with the rest of the users on the website. Forcing
users to internalize the costs of the decision to block third-party cookies
would necessitate the Herculean technical undertaking of segmenting a site's web
service along another dimension - whether the user accepts third-party cookies.
If websites cannot segment their service offering so as to force users to incur
100% of L<Advertising>, then each user on a website with an audience  [*1090]
of size N will reject third-party cookies as long as R[in'Block_3 ']>
L<Advertising>/N.n227 Consequently, users systematically undervalue third-party
cookies. In sum, the argument that most consumers would elect to block
third-party cookies is misleading because their decision to do so rarely
reflects the true cost of blocking them. n228 Moreover, when advertisers use
targeted ads, many times their intention is to use knowledge about the cookie to
control for different testing variables, not to ruthlessly exploit knowledge of
web-surfing habits. n229

   VI. Damages and Enforcement

   A. Inappropriate Damage Measures

 Reserving private causes of action exclusively for individual users fails to
implement an appropriate litigious check on collecting agents. The following
Section argues that a regime seeking to adequately address both compensatory and
utility objectives should enforce expectations not through the private suits of
those injured by violation of the privacy term, but instead through a statutory
scheme of regulatory fines or penalties for violating default or bargained-for
entitlements. While contract law represents an effective blueprint for
structuring exchanges and for identifying the scope of the appropriate damages,
inherent limitations involving the costs-to-return ratio of litigation render
the private cause of action, relative to a statutory penalty, a far inferior
means of protecting clickstream privacy.

    [*1091]  The Achilles heel of almost every proposed privacy solution is the
mechanism for determining and enforcing damages.n230 Should the cause of action
be private or public? What should the damage measure be? In solutions where the
cause of action resides with the user, the damage award must be high enough to
induce that user to bring the cause of action. n231 From an ex ante perspective,
collecting agents will not violate the privacy term if the return on the
unauthorized use (recall that this is DUV<Unauth>) is less than the expected
cost (to the violator) of violating the privacy term, C<Violate>. Forgetting for
a moment that litigation costs the collecting agent money and further assuming
that all initiated suits are successful, then C<Violate> is equal to the
expected probability that a user brings a suit, P<E>, times the magnitude of the
damages, D<E>. (That is, C<violate> = P[in'E ']* D<E>.) Assuming that law should
at least deter breaches when the breach yields less value to the breacher than
adherence yields for the potential victim (if DUV<Unauth> < V<User>), then D<E>
must be large enough to make the expected penalty greater than the value of the
breach (or, mathematically speaking, large enough to satisfy the condition
P[in'E ']* D<E> > DUV<Unauth>). When a cause of action resides with an
individual user, D<E> would need to be extraordinarily high (because P<E> is so
low) in order to deter sufficiently breach of the privacy term.

   There are two major problems with setting D<E> high enough to correctly
calibrate C<violate>. First, it fails as a compensatory measure because D<E>
would far exceed V<User>, the actual loss incurred by the user.n232 Second, if
the purpose of calibrating C<violate> is to encourage data uses where
DUV<Unauth> > V<User>, then C<violate> should approximate V<User>. n233 At high
levels of D<E>, however, even slight errors in estimating P<E> would render
C<violate> a gross misapproximation for V<User>, and these errors are almost
unavoidable.

   Some have argued that class-action lawsuits can effectively increase P<E> by
allowing users to pool claims for small damages into  [*1092]  one suit.n234
Transaction costs, however, still inhere in class-action suits, and the damages
are not likely large enough to induce people to incur even a fraction of the
costs of participating. Particularly with respect to clickstream data, where the
loss incurred by breach of the privacy term is low relative to the costs of
litigating, class action is not a viable mechanism for preserving a private
cause of action. Advocates of class-action-related solutions may respond by
noting that there are many cases where a potential participant's individual
stake may be very small, even several cents, but that response mistakenly
assumes that the costs of identifying the class are analogous. Identifying the
class of persons whose privacy terms are violated is probably a far more
expensive proposition than is that exercise for other groups of plaintiffs. n235

   Other proposals would grant a cause of action to the government for violation
of a prophylactic standard. Such proposals, however, would enforce this standard
at the expense of both compensatory and utility objectives. A prophylactic
statutory regime would fail to protect differentiated expectations because the
damages would not be repaid to the users who incurred the loss (and even if they
were, they would not reflect V<User>).n236 Moreover, the inability to correctly
calibrate D<E> so that collecting agents make unauthorized use of data only
where DUV<Unauth> > V<User> leaves such strategies vulnerable to the same
problems as are detailed at the end of Part IV.

   B. Clickstream Nanocontractingn237

 The discussion surrounding the user reservation price wastes ink if there
exists no feasible mechanism for identifying V<User>. Prophylactic rules labor
under a crude approximation for the average V<User>, so a statutory scheme
predicated on a low cost mechanism for identifying the subjective V<User> for
each cookie, akin to the P3P mechanism for identifying the scope of the privacy
term itself, would be  [*1093]  quite attractive. The most sensible point in the
process of clickstream data exchange to identify V<User> would reside at a
technical bottleneck - some attendant digital exchange that must occur between
every user and every collecting agent. Browsers are the most obvious technical
bottleneck for such clickstream exchanges because in order for a user to view a
page there must be some communication between the browser and the collecting
agent's server. It is precisely this bottleneck property that rendered the
browser the ripest vehicle for communicating the privacy term itself. Just as
the newest generation of browsers can effectively encode a privacy term, so too
can they serve as a mechanism for identifying V<User>. This valuation could be
represented by a reservation price, P<R>,n238 that conveys V<User> and, like the
privacy term, may be set as a default according to a schedule. The schedule
would vary with respect to the level of privacy preference itself, with stricter
privacy terms defaulting to lower reservation prices. n239 The language of this
clause would be to the effect of, "I would be willing to allow this collecting
agent to breach these expectations for $ [P<R>]." Although courts could
hypothetically enforce the reservation price as a liquidated damages clause,
legislatures could bypass many of the idiosyncrasies of contract doctrine by
promulgating an alternative statutory enforcement scheme. This scheme could
assess severe penalties for failure to return P<R> to the user independent of
any common-law contract doctrine. Section VI.C discusses this possibility in
more detail.

   The reasons why default values for P<R> (it may at times be useful to
conceptualize this value as a liquidated damage) should be inversely related to
the stringency of the privacy term require a little elaboration. Consider the
following seven variables, several of which are used in earlier analysis: P<R>,
representing the reservation price that approximates V<User>; DUV<Unauth>,
representing the value of a single unauthorized data use (unauthorized means
that the use breaches the privacy term); DUV[in'Unauth_profit'], representing
the value of a single profitable, unauthorized data use;
DUV[in'Unauth_unprofit'], representing the value of a single unprofitable,
unauthorized data use;  [*1094]  SDU<Unauth>, representing the size of the set
of unauthorized uses (both profitable and unprofitable); SDU[in'Unauth_profit
(']a subset of SDU<Unauth>), representing the size of the set of profitable,
unauthorized data uses; SDU[in'Unauth_unprofit (']also a subset of SDU<Unauth>),
representing the size of the set of unprofitable, unauthorized data uses. A
collecting agent will breach a privacy term if the potential use is profitable,
that is, where DUV<Unauth> > P<R>. One should conceptualize the privacy term as
a line dividing the total set of potential data uses into those that are
authorized by the privacy term and those that are not (SDU<Unauth>), with the
latter being further subdivided into SDU[in'Unauth_profit'] and
SDU[in'Unauth_unprofit'].

   Two further assumptions are required. First, the number of unauthorized data
positively correlates with the number of profitable such uses (SDU[in'Unauth
']<diff> SDU[in'Unauth_profit']). Since a stricter privacy policy implies more
unauthorized uses, it therefore follows that a more stringent term implies more
profitable such uses. Second, assume an inverse relationship between the value
of the unauthorized data uses and the number of such uses. The downward sloping
line in Figure 2 captures this relationship. There are therefore fewer
unauthorized uses that are very profitable than there are unauthorized uses that
are slightly profitable.

[*1095]

   Figure 2 & 3

   [SEE FIGURE IN ORIGINAL]

 Figure 2 illustrates conditions with two different reservation prices attached
to the same privacy term. The set of unauthorized uses where the value of the
unauthorized use exceeds P<R> is considerably larger when P<R> is two dollars
than when it is three dollars. The area between the hash marks under the curve
represents the loss to a collecting agent when,n240 for a given privacy term,
P<R> is increased  [*1096]  from two to three dollars.n241 Figure 3 draws these
same curves for two different privacy terms, one that is stringent and one that
is permissive. Recall that because the privacy term divides data uses into those
that are authorized and those that are unauthorized, more permissive terms imply
a smaller set of unauthorized uses as depicted in the right side of Figure 3.
Because the size of SDU[in'Unauth_profit'] is generally proportional to the size
of SDU<Unauth>, a more permissive term implies not only a smaller SDU<Unauth>,
but also a smaller SDU[in'Unauth_profit']. The area between the hash marks under
the curve for the permissive term is therefore much smaller than the analogous
area for the stringent term. The loss associated with formerly profitable data
uses being rendered unprofitable with an increased P<R> is larger with stringent
than with permissive privacy terms. Similarly, for a fixed P<R> the total number
of unprofitable unauthorized data uses is larger with stringent than with
permissive privacy terms. The upshot of this discussion is that a default P<R>
schedule that varies with respect to the stringency of the privacy term should
assign lower default P<R> values to stricter privacy terms (keeping a greater
fraction of potential data uses profitable) and higher P<R> values to more
permissive ones. n242

    [*1097]  A regime incorporating a default P<R> schedule would be desirable
for a number of reasons.n243 First, making explicit a proxy for V<User> in the
form of P<R> would make the threshold for identifying value-added data uses
clearer. When DUV<Unauth> > P<R>, the collecting agent can put data points to
net-beneficial use without incurring the risk of excessive penalty so long as it
pays out the reservation price. Data can therefore flow inexpensively to its
highest valued use.

   Second, default valuations, set according to a particular schedule, could
serve important information-forcing functions. They would force users with
idiosyncratically high privacy valuations to reveal their preferences. More
importantly, they would also force collecting agents that have particularly high
values of SDU[in'Unauth_profit'] (meaning they have some special reason to
believe they will breach the term) to reveal this condition by explicitly
requesting a lower P<R> from the user.

   Third, the valuations would diminish the uncertainty associated with both
ceding data and breaching the privacy term. Users would know how much they would
get in the event of a breach and collecting agents would know how much they
would have to pay.

   Finally, using valuations would effectively check the incentives for
consumers simply to demand as much privacy as they want without respect to
relative value. In certain instances, collecting agents may refuse to transact
(serve a web page) with those browsers demanding both unreasonably stringent
privacy terms and exorbitant values for P<R>. A market with so many
technological predicates will no doubt function imperfectly, but it will create
incentives for consumers to relinquish data at their actual reservation prices.

   Some commentators would surely object to this solution as one enabling the
forced sale of clickstream data, and Section III.B has addressed some of these
concerns already. The strict notion of a forced sale is one generally employed
in the context of compulsory licensing - a context in which legislatures
identify some price at which buyers must be able to buy a property right from
sellers.n244 This condition, however, leaves a market dependent on "property
[*1098]  rules" in name only because the compulsory license effectively sets a
standard liability threshold beyond which the buyer may acquire an entitlement
from the seller. The flaws in the analogy should be obvious. First, the privacy
term and the reservation prices would merely be defaults, whereas the compulsory
license rules are mandatory. Users could unconditionally preclude collecting
agents from acquiring their data in at least three ways: (1) They could change
P<R> from the default setting to one indicating that there may be no breach of
the term (basically, at infinity); (2) they could disable their cookies; or (3)
they could stay off the Internet entirely. The last strategy only sounds harsh
if one refuses to acknowledge that the sacrifice in privacy is the toll users
pay to operate cyberspace. To say that a user would never have to relinquish her
data involuntarily is not to say that she would never be expected to transmit
this information in order to secure some measure of reciprocal value. Instead,
she would always have a choice as to whether her privacy is worth whatever she
could be getting in exchange. Moreover, should a user decide that what she is
getting in exchange for her information is not worth her sacrifice in privacy,
she could opt for a provider of fungible content that may well compete in the
market by offering more stringent privacy terms. Most users, of course, would
never choose such a radical holdout strategy because, even with perfect
information, they would be more than happy to trade conditional access to their
web-surfing habits for something of value.

   C. Enforcing Nanocontracts

 The ability to structure these types of nanotransactions for each piece of
clickstream data is not beyond our technological capacity. Browsers are already
equipped with privacy preference menus, and adding a default valuation
functionality requires only the addition of another field. The primary hurdles
to creating this type of market for clickstream data are enforcement-related.
What follows are several related ideas about how enforcement of these
nanocontracts might work. The enforcement costs of such a regime would be
substantial, but the same could be said about the costs of administering any
legal restrictions.

   Collecting agents collect data points on users and store them as entries in
their databases. Each entry has a value for any number of  [*1099]  fields. A
field is a dimension in a database that stores values for a given variable. As
discussed in Part I, the core of clickstream data fields usually consists of at
least a cookie number, an IP address, a timestamp (time that the page view took
place), and something identifying the page that the user viewed. These cookie
"log files" will generally contain a number of other fields, but each data
collector's particular mix depends on the specific business needs of the
collecting agent.

   Collecting agents could easily earmark another field for storing the privacy
contract configuration.n245 That field would consist of (1) the privacy term
negotiated between the user's browser and the collecting agent's server and (2)
P<R>. The costs of writing and storing this data are not insignificant, but they
would not represent an inordinate expenditure. n246 Moreover, collecting agents
destroy data when it is no longer useful, and the usefulness of the privacy
configuration expires at the same time as does the usefulness of the associated
data point.

   The difficult part of this scheme, as with any other, is detecting breaches
since each page view generates a nanocontract. Luckily, market constraints make
the task a little less daunting. Business transactions in cookie data are not
concerned with one data point. The market value of a clickstream data point is
infinitesimal, so collecting agents make money by using or transacting for
millions of these points together. One could therefore use sampling methodology
to minimize auditing costs. By auditing only a fraction of the data, an auditor
could determine (with a substantial degree of certainty) whether a collecting
agent has violated a privacy term.

   Ideally, database owners should have to open their databases to a central
auditor - one that is either public or that is commissioned by the government -
in order to assure that, in the event they breach the privacy term, they comply
with the statutory mechanism for returning to the user P<R>. If the privacy term
constrains the use  [*1100]  to which a collecting agent may put a piece of
data, such as forbidding it to link a cookie number with personal information,
auditors could easily detect that violation by looking at existing tables and
recorded searches.n247 Moreover, if the privacy term prohibits sale to other
searching agents, that condition may be detected simply by footing the name of
the agent being audited with the name of the original data collector, which data
miners can easily embed in the privacy configuration. n248 In this context, the
Orwell metaphor does online privacy a disservice, since central auditing of
clickstream data exchange may be far less expensive than competition among
auditing agents. n249

   This Note has at times referred to the privacy agreement between a user's
browser and the collecting agent's server as a nanocontract. Although the legal
paradigm seeks to enforce the agreement by requiring compensation equivalent to
that of an expectation measure familiar to anyone who has taken first-year
contracts, the scheme may actually work most efficiently with a system of
regulatory penalties or fines triggered when the collecting agent fails to
return to the user her reservation price. The penalties could be calibrated to
accomplish the objectives set forth in Part III without requiring that injured
users pursue individual contract claims. Instead of punishing the breach itself,
a regulatory agent, perhaps the FTC,n250 should sanction the failure to return
to the user or a relevant substitute (discussed below) the reservation price
embedded in the nanocontract. A sufficiently substantial criminal penalty could
diminish the necessity for exhaustive auditing. The penalty, conceptually
equivalent to D<E> in the preceding analysis, need only be set high enough such
that the expected loss from violating  [*1101]  the privacy term and not paying
P<R> to the user (the probability of getting caught times the magnitude of the
sanction) is greater than the value of P<R> itself. Mathematically speaking,
D<E> need only be substantial enough such that those damages times the
likelihood of getting caught, P<Detection>, renders a decision to breach the
privacy term without paying to the user P<R> an inferior strategy to paying P<R>
voluntarily. In this context, the precise value of D<E> is not as important as
it was in a prophylactic scheme as, again, it need only be large enough so that
P<Detection> * D<E> > P<R>. The margin by which the left side of the equation
exceeds the right matters less than in a regime that penalized violation of the
privacy term itself. Penalizing the failure to pay rather than a breach of the
term could significantly diminish auditing costs because the enforcing agency
could afford to implement a regulatory structure with a very low P<Detection> so
long as D<E> would be sufficiently high to make compensating, in the event of a
violation, the more profitable strategy (as compared to not compensating).

   After a collecting agent violates user expectations, some value must be
exacted from the violator and some value must be remitted to the consumer. Were
there no transaction costs these values should be equal both to each other and
to P<R> (and, for that matter, V<User>). The most significant transaction costs
in this regulatory framework would involve returning money to the injured user.
On the one hand, if the violator bears too much transaction cost, the scheme
would fail to achieve the utility objective because collecting agents will not
be able to make unauthorized uses of data with values that exceed P<R>. On the
other hand, if users bear too much transaction cost, the scheme would fail to
achieve the compensatory objective because users would receive too much less
than V<User>. If each violation required a separate check to be issued directly
to the user, the transaction costs could stifle, rather than stimulate, Internet
use.

   The problem involved in inexpensively returning P<R> to consumers is
something of a paradox because the very subject of the transaction, privacy, can
prevent violators from knowing the identity of the person from whom they
collected the data.n251 There may be a  [*1102]  way around this unique problem.
Two of the fields that collecting agents routinely store are a user's IP address
and a timestamp. Local Area Networks ("LAN"s) and Internet Service Providers
("ISP"s) can generally identify the account associated with values for these two
fields, using a procedure called a "reverse IP lookup."n252 Violators should
have to transfer the sum of all reservation prices for violated nanocontracts to
the ISP or LAN that owns the IP address. Violators could also transfer
timestamps of the compromised data so the LAN or ISP can attribute the violation
to a particular account. ISPs and LANs generally retain information about which
account was using a particular IP address at a particular time. If the failure
of these entities to retain this information becomes a problem, then the
regulatory framework could simply require them to do so.

   Orchestrating a system that can identify the users whose terms are violated,
however, is only half of the enforcement solution. The other half involves
returning to them some value approximating P<R> without incurring excessive
check-cutting costs. Fortunately, users have some established relationship to
their ISPs or LANs. Most users that maintain accounts with ISPs pay these
service providers periodically and most users that are on LANs either have
similar accounts or are employed by the entity that deploys the LAN. In any of
these circumstances, the user and the ISP/LAN owner exchange money periodically.
The periodic monetary exchange could account for the money the ISP/LAN received
from the violator without requiring any additional bill or check - P<R> may
simply be embedded as a line-item in a statement or a paycheck. Realistically,
there are transaction costs associated with processing, but this method may
represent one way of getting the "check cost" to a sufficiently low level that
costs of administration do not cannibalize any benefits associated with
increased fidelity to privacy terms and gains from socially desirable data
usage.n253

    [*1103]  One objection may be that this seems to vest ISPs and LANs with
exactly the type of control over personal information that the scheme seeks to
wrest from the collecting agents. This is not a problem, however, because ISPs
would not know what the user viewed, but only that the collecting agent violated
the associated nanocontract. Knowledge regarding nothing more than whether a
violation occurs is not particularly sensitive information.

   Another objection may involve imperfect administration. Many different users,
for example, may use the same computer on a LAN. The circumstances creating
these enforcement difficulties, however, are the same ones that render
unauthorized clickstream data use utterly inoffensive. Using the multiple-user
example, there is little privacy violation if the "dossier" associated with the
cookie reflects the surfing habits of a hundred different undergraduates at a
public terminal. There may be other circumstances where, although a violation
can be associated with a particular computer, one may not be able to associate a
relationship between that box and a person. As the example illustrates, if one
cannot associate a cookie profile (which is a property of a computer) with a
person, then there exists little invasion of privacy at all.

   In sum, any viable legal solution to the clickstream privacy controversy must
involve some sort of centrally organized auditing. Otherwise, only in rare
circumstances will violations inflict sufficiently large and concentrated user
losses to induce people to bring claims. Absent transaction costs, one would
almost always want a legal regime to protect, where possible, a highly
differentiated set of preferences for privacy without suffocating socially
desirable transactions for the underlying information. Although user valuations
are highly differentiated, they are small enough that even relatively minor
administrative costs can render the underlying transactions not worth the
trouble. The advent of new browser technology, however, allows users to
communicate almost costlessly their expectations to collecting agents and could
just as easily be configured to communicate their privacy valuations as well.
Leveraging current contractual relationships between LANs/ISPs and users may
provide a channel for returning to the consumer her reservation price at a
sufficiently low administrative expense so as to make such a scheme more
desirable than enforcing prophylactic standards.

[*1104]

   Conclusion

 Companies will continue to invent new ways to use data, and, as a consequence,
they will inevitably invent new ways to collect it. The stakes are simply too
high to treat every informational privacy concern as a facsimile of the concerns
coming before it. It is perhaps a collective social skepticism towards
"newfangled technology" that militates against piecemeal, non-holistic
approaches to online privacy reform. Perhaps this same sentiment fuels the
desire to treat modern privacy concerns as though the law may easily address
them using existing ways of thinking about informational privacy.

   Although the term "privacy" may assume a number of deontic meanings, given
the character of clickstream data collection it may well be the case that none
of these conceptualizations adequately captures the appropriate way of thinking
about information exchange. The intensity with which a user values privacy
varies significantly within the Internet population, and a scheme that seeks to
impose a uniform, prophylactic privacy standard therefore paradoxically protects
clickstream informational privacy too much and, at the same time, not enough.
Lawmakers can leverage existing browser technology to force users to reveal the
intensity of their privacy preference, and they can leverage users' existing
relationships with LANs and ISPs to compensate those whose preferences have been
violated. Up until now, the law has struggled to generate possibilities other
than prophylactic standards for clickstream data regulation. The law now stands
on sufficiently sound technical footing to implement a solution acknowledging
different preference intensity without incurring transaction costs suffocating
all social gains associated with a market for clickstream data.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil Rights LawPrivacy RightsVideo PrivacyComputer & Internet LawCriminal
OffensesChild PornographyComputer & Internet LawPrivacy & SecurityComputer
Cookies

FOOTNOTES:




   n1. George Orwell, Nineteen Eighty-Four (Secker & Warburg 1987) (1949)
(describing a culture where all behavior is monitored by the state).





   n2. Jeremy Bentham, The Panopticon Writings (Miran Bozovic ed., Verso 1995)
(1791) (proposing plans for a progressive prison constructed such that all
behavior could be monitored easily by a single agent).





   n3. See, e.g., McVeigh v. Cohen, 983 F. Supp. 215, 220 (D.D.C. 1998) ("In
these days of "big brother,' where through technology and otherwise the privacy
interests of individuals from all walks of life are being ignored or
marginalized, it is imperative that statutes explicitly protecting these rights
be strictly observed."); Paul M. Schwartz, Internet Privacy and the State, 32
Conn. L. Rev. 815, 853 (2000) ("The government's Herculean efforts to make
Internet technology open for snooping resemble such an attempt to install the
Panopticon."); Jonathan M. Winer, Regulating the Free Flow of Information: A
Privacy Czar as the Ultimate Big Brother, 19 J. Marshall J. Computer & Info. L.
37, 68-70 (2000); William Branigin, Employment Database Proposal Raises Cries of
"Big Brother,' Wash. Post, Oct. 3, 1995, at A17; James Gleick, Big Brother is
Us, N.Y. Times, Sept. 29, 1996, 6 (Magazine), at 130. For an extensive
discussion of the use of the Orwell metaphor, see generally Daniel J. Solove,
Privacy and Power: Computer Databases and Metaphors for Information Privacy, 53
Stan. L. Rev. 1393 (2001) (arguing in favor of using Kafka's The Trial as a
metaphor for mediating our understanding of online privacy).





   n4. See Solove, supra note 3, at 1398-99.





   n5. See, e.g., Justice Ben F. Overton & Katherine E. Giddings, The Right of
Privacy in Florida in the Age of Technology and the Twenty-First Century: A Need
for Protection from Private and Commercial Intrusion, 25 Fla. St. U. L. Rev. 25,
27 (1997) (explaining that invasions of privacy no longer come from only the
government, but also from various private commercial entities intent on making
profits).





   n6. The "central scrutinizer" is a character from one of Zappa's albums that
serves to parody central censorship agents. Frank Zappa, Central Scrutinizer, on
Joe's Garage (Rykodisc USA 1979).





   n7. Over 1000 companies are engaged in compiling comprehensive online
databases. See Mike Hatch, The Privatization of Big Brother: Protecting
Sensitive Personal Information from Commercial Interests in the 21st Century, 27
Wm. Mitchell L. Rev. 1457, 1470-71 (2001).





   n8. See, e.g., Ann Bartow, Our Data, Ourselves: Privacy, Propertization, and
Gender, 34 U.S.F. L. Rev. 633, 645-46 (2000) (describing a scenario where
computerized medical records are linked up to advertising data and email
addresses); Jessica Litman, Information Privacy/Information Property, 52 Stan.
L. Rev. 1283, 1306-08 (2000); Paul Rose, A Market Response to the European Union
Directive on Privacy, 4 UCLA J. Int'l L. & Foreign Aff. 445, 455-65 (1999); Karl
D. Belgum, Who Leads at Halftime?: Three Conflicting Visions of Internet Privacy
Policy, 6 Rich. J.L. & Tech. 1, PP 6-16 (2000), at
http://www.law.richmond.edu/jolt/v6il/belgum.html (on file with the Virginia Law
Review Association).





   n9. Professor Lawrence Lessig has extensively discussed the relationship
between privacy and the costs associated with monitoring and search. See, e.g.,
Lawrence Lessig, Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace 18-19 (1999). To this
author's knowledge, however, no one has used these concepts to construct an
analytically precise means of classifying different privacy concerns. It has
been suggested, however, that one could think about privacy in terms of the
individuals about whom data is being gathered or in terms of who is doing the
gathering. See A. Michael Froomkin, The Death of Privacy?, 52 Stan. L. Rev.
1461, 1468 (2000).





   n10. Surveillance is not always described in these terms, but most situations
we consider to be surveillance involve an entity collecting information for its
own use.





   n11. See Jeffrey Rosen, The Unwanted Gaze: The Destruction of Privacy in
America 8 (2001) ("Privacy protects us from being misdefined and judged out of
context in a world of short attention spans, a world in which information can
easily be confused with knowledge."); Alan F. Westin, Privacy and Freedom 7
(1967) ("Privacy is the claim of individuals, groups, or institutions to
determine for themselves when, how, and to what extent information about them is
communicated to others.").





   n12. This conception of informational privacy would go further and suggest
that the observed approve secondary exchanges between an entity that already
"knows" something and another that seeks to learn it, even if the initial
exchange between the observed and the first entity was not conditioned upon such
subsequent consent. See, e.g., Eugene Volokh, Freedom of Speech and Information
Privacy: The Troubling Implications of a Right to Stop People from Speaking
About You, 52 Stan. L. Rev. 1049, 1050 (2000) (characterizing informational
privacy as "[one person's] right to control [another person's] communication of
personally identifiable information about [him or her]").





   n13. This framework is merely general. Specific invasions would require
variables that described, among other things, the time of the invasion and the
exact identity (rather than the class) of persons both being observed and doing
the collecting.





   n14. 18 U.S.C. 2710 (2000).





   n15. See Elbert Lin, Prioritizing Privacy: A Constitutional Response to the
Internet, 17 Berkeley Tech. L.J. 1085, 1148 n.430 (2002).





   n16. There are certain exceptions. For example, the government surely
collects data in .gov domains. Offline, the most obvious instance of the
government as the collecting agent is when it acquires census data.





   n17. See Daniel J. Solove, Digital Dossiers and the Dissipation of Fourth
Amendment Privacy, 75 S. Cal. L. Rev. 1083, 1143-44 (2002).





   n18. The Federal Wiretap Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2522 (2000), restricts
government access to the content of emails by requiring judicial issuance of a
warrant in certain circumstances. See 18 U.S.C. 2511(2)(ii)(A)-(B) (2000).





   n19. See Lessig, supra note 9, at 145 (noting that the greatest invasion of
privacy in cyberspace is employee-monitoring by companies); Rosen, supra note
11, at 160-62 (detailing the ease with which systems administrators can observe
the online behavior of employees).





   n20. See Julie E. Cohen, Privacy, Ideology, and Technology: A Response to
Jeffrey Rosen, 89 Geo. L.J. 2029, 2031-32 (2001) [hereinafter Cohen, Privacy,
Ideology, and Technology] (arguing that employers monitor to structure
investment risk in their employees); Paul M. Schwartz, Beyond Lessig's Code for
Internet Privacy: Cyberspace Filters, Privacy Control, and Fair Information
Practices, 2000 Wis. L. Rev. 743, 770-71 (citing Jeffrey L. Seglin, As Office
Snooping Grows, Who Watches the Watchers?, N.Y. Times, June 18, 2000, at BU4).





   n21. See Shawn C. Helms, Translating Privacy Values with Technology, 7 B.U.
J. Sci. & Tech. L. 288, 294, 298 (2001); Frank James, Intel Chip Fires up
Privacy Debate, Chi. Trib., Jan. 22, 1999, at 1.





   n22. See Lawrence Jenab, Will the Cookie Crumble?: An Analysis of Internet
Privacy Regulatory Schemes Proposed in the 106th Congress, 49 U. Kan. L. Rev.
641, 662 (2001); Christopher D. Hunter, Recording the Architecture of Cyberspace
Privacy: Why Self-Regulation and Technology Are Not Enough, at
http://www.asc.upenn.edu /usr/chunter/net_privacy_architecture.html (Feb. 2000)
(on file with the Virginia Law Review Association).





   n23. See Hunter, supra note 22.





   n24. See, e.g., Bartow, supra note 8, at 653-56.





   n25. See infra note 57 and accompanying text.





   n26. See supra notes 19-20 and accompanying text.





   n27. See supra notes 19-20 and accompanying text.





   n28. In one survey, eighty-eight percent of respondents at least had some
notion of what a cookie was. Lorrie Faith Cranor et al., Beyond Concern:
Understanding Net Users' Attitudes About Online Privacy (AT&T Labs, Research
Technical Report TR 99.4.3, 1999), at
http://www.research.att.com/resources/trs/TRs/99/99.4/99.4.3/ report.htm (Apr.
14, 1999) (on file with the Virginia Law Review Association).





   n29. See id.





   n30. See Solove, supra note 3, at 1411-12.





   n31. For a general technical description of how collecting agents use cookies
to track clickstreams, see Jenab, supra note 22, at 645-46.





   n32. Id.





   n33. See Solove, supra note 3, at 1411.





   n34. See Jenab, supra note 22, at 643 ("The first and fundamental point to
clarify is that all Internet activity is transactional.").





   n35. Id. The distinction between "content" and "e-commerce" sites is not
important here; a user always sees "content," in the sense of information sent
from server to browser, even if the user is purchasing something.





   n36. Id. at 643-44.





   n37. See also id. at 645 (describing this process for third-party
advertisers).





   n38. See Solove, supra note 3, at 1411.





   n39. See Rita Heimes, Foreword to Susan Richey et al., Internet Privacy Law,
Policy, and Practice: State, Federal, and International Perspectives, 54 Me. L.
Rev. 95, 95 (2002); infra note 222 and accompanying text.





   n40. See Jenab, supra note 22, at 645-46; Rachel K. Zimmerman, The Way the
"Cookies" Crumble: Internet Privacy and Data Protection in the Twenty-First
Century, 4 N.Y.U. J. Legis. & Pub. Pol'y 439, 444 (2000); Hilary Appelman,
Ratings That Know What You're Looking at, and When, N.Y. Times, June 7, 2000, at
H37; Peter H. Lewis, Battling Cookie Monsters, N.Y. Times, Feb. 24, 2000, at G1.





   n41. Anonymity is a matter of degree, however, and there remain at least two
ways anonymous cookies may allow collecting agents to identify users. First,
cookies can be cross-referenced with other login information in the collecting
agent's database to link behavior with personal information. Second, other
information in cookies can be cross-referenced with data in other marketing
databases. See Helms, supra note 21, at 297-98.





   n42. An "anonymous" cookie is one that does not use any personal information,
to determine which material to send to a user's browser. See, e.g., DoubleClick
Privacy Policy, at
http://www.doubleclick.com/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/default.asp?asp_
object_1=& (last updated June 17, 2002) (on file with the Virginia Law Review
Association) ("No personal information is used by DoubleClick to deliver
Internet ads.").





   n43. One may fairly object that in some instances it is better "not to know"
or not to have to choose a course of action because the costs of acquiring
information or of choosing respectively are so great. Parts III, V, and VI deal
largely with this proposition. Moreover, the desire not to make a decision does
not automatically resolve the question about the appropriate legal regime in
favor of the status quo.





   n44. See Lessig, supra note 9, at 143-57 (arguing that this muddled
conceptualization creates problems when new technical architectures implicate
novel privacy interests). Privacy rights may, however, be classified broadly in
three ways: (1) spatial privacy rights; (2) those rights concerned with autonomy
of individual choice about significant decisions (e.g., abortion rights); and
(3) the right to control flows of personal information. See Jerry Kang,
Information Privacy in Cyberspace Transactions, 50 Stan. L. Rev. 1193, 1202-03
(1998); see also U.S. West, Inc. v. FCC, 182 F.3d 1224, 1234 (10th Cir. 1999)
(citing Fred H. Cate, Privacy in the Information Age 19-22 (1997); Joseph I.
Rosenbaum, Privacy on the Internet: Whose Information Is It Anyway?, 38
Jurimetrics J. 565, 566-67 (1998)).





   n45. See, e.g., Rosen, supra note 11, at 9; Julie E. Cohen, A Right to Read
Anonymously: A Closer Look at "Copyright Management" in Cyberspace, 28 Conn. L.
Rev. 981 (1996) [hereinafter Cohen, A Right to Read].





   n46. Alternatively, such attempts might protect too much activity.





   n47. "A client does not serve up cookies simply to anyone who asks. In other
words, not all servers have access to all cookies. Each cookie, when initially
set, circumscribes the range of servers to whom the cookie may be subsequently
given." Kang, supra note 44, at 1227-28.





   n48. Id. at 1227-29.





   n49. This "dossier effect" refers to the increasing comprehensiveness
associated with profiles consisting of information mined while the user is on
different websites. Jenab, supra note 22, at 646. See also Solove, supra note 3,
at 1412 (noting that cookies have certain limits with respect to their
monitoring capability).





   n50. See Jenab, supra note 22, at 646.





   n51. See id. at 645-46.





   n52. See id. at 646; Solove, supra note 3, at 1412. First parties, however,
are much more likely to use personally identifiable information in cookies, so
in that sense they have more detailed profiles within a much smaller portion of
the Internet space.





   n53. See Jenab, supra note 22, at 646.





   n54. See, e.g., Paul v. Davis, 424 U.S. 693, 713 (1976) (noting that
marriage, procreation, contraception, family relationships, child-rearing, and
education are all contexts in which the individual has some sort of privacy
protection).





   n55. See, e.g., Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113, 152-56 (1973) (outlining the scope
of the abortion right); Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479, 484-86 (1965)
(holding that contraceptive prohibition unconstitutionally encumbers the right
to privacy).





   n56. See Kang, supra note 44, at 1202.





   n57. Id. at 1243; see supra notes 11-12.





   n58. Daniel J. Solove, Conceptualizing Privacy, 90 Cal. L. Rev. 1087, 1147
(2002).





   n59. See Lessig, supra note 9, at 146 (calling this conceptualization a
"utility conception" that "seeks to minimize intrusion").





   n60. See id.





   n61. Clickstream data collection imposes no tangible burdens in the sense
that the process whereby a server reads or writes a cookie does not
inconvenience the user. This lack of tangible burdens should be distinguished
from subsequent burdens imposed on the user because some third party imposes
them as a result of obtaining access to the data point.





   n62. See Lessig, supra note 9, at 147-48. People tend to frame these claims
extravagantly, and it is often unclear exactly what they mean when they say that
privacy offends dignity. See Volokh, supra note 12, at 1110-11.





   n63. See, e.g., Joel R. Reidenberg, Resolving Conflicting International Data
Privacy Rules in Cyberspace, 52 Stan. L. Rev. 1315, 1341 (2000).





   n64. This example is imperfect because such searches certainly impose
tangible costs on those who are searched. This condition, however, is
unimportant to the subsequent point about discriminatory application. The point
is merely that the tangible cost is usually very low, involving only a quick
trip over to a security guard who brushes for explosives.





   n65. The idea that privacy protects a sense of dignity that may only be
defined in reference to what is properly private.





   n66. See supra note 61.





   n67. See, e.g., DoubleClick Privacy Policy, supra note 42 ("DoubleClick does
not develop marketing scores that indicate a user's individual health condition,
detailed financial information, sexual orientation or behavior, information that
appears to relate to children under 13, racial and ethnic origin, political
opinions, religious or philosophical opinions, and trade union membership.").
DoubleClick is considered the collecting agent with the most comprehensive
profiles.





   n68. See Lessig, supra note 9, at 148.





   n69. See, e.g., Reidenberg, supra note 63, at 1341.





   n70. See Lessig, supra note 9, at 148.





   n71. Id. (noting that other laws and amendments could restrict the scope of
searches).





   n72. See Richard Posner, The Right to Privacy, 12 Ga. L. Rev. 393, 397-401
(1978); see, e.g., Richard Posner, Overcoming Law 546-51 (1995) (discussing how
increased privacy might enable blackmail).





   n73. Enthusiasts would hardly benefit from a perception that they wanted to
protect criminals.





   n74. For a discussion of rape in cyberspace, see Julian Dibbell, A Rape in
Cyberspace, Village Voice, Dec. 21, 1993, at 36, reprinted in 1994 Ann. Surv.
Am. L. 471 (1994).





   n75. See Kang, supra note 44, at 1260 (noting that surveillance creates a
threat of self-censorship); Hunter, supra note 22.





   n76. See Belgum, supra note 8, P 34.





   n77. See Cohen, A Right to Read Anonymously, supra note 45, at 1003-19; Julie
E. Cohen, Examined Lives: Informational Privacy and the Subject as Object, 52
Stan. L. Rev. 1373, 1423-36 (2000) [hereinafter Cohen, Examined Lives] (arguing
that there should be a constitutionally-created right against certain kinds of
commercial collection); Cohen, Privacy, Ideology, and Technology, supra note 20,
at 2039 ("Modern privacy advocates, including both [Jeffrey] Rosen and myself,
conceive of privacy as a species of constitutive freedom and view that freedom
as both intrinsically and instrumentally valuable."); see also Schwartz, supra
note 3, at 834-43 (discussing various aspects and implications of constitutive
privacy).





   n78. See Reidenberg, supra note 63, at 1341.





   n79. See Cohen, Examined Lives, supra note 77, at 1423-36.





   n80. See, e.g., David Brin, The Transparent Society: Will Technology Force Us
to Choose Between Privacy and Freedom? 23 (1998) (arguing that more, not less,
access to certain personal information would solve many privacy problems);
Rosen, supra note 11, at 209 ("Not everyone is convinced by the social value of
privacy.").





   n81. For example, if one decided that there was a constitutive right to read
anonymously, would web surfing count as reading? If web surfing were considered
reading, how anonymous would the cookies have to be? Would such a paradigm allow
pseudonymonous profiling?





   n82. See, e.g., Rosen, supra note 11, at 10.





   n83. See Cohen, Privacy, Ideology, and Technology, supra note 20, at 2030-31.





   n84. Rosen, supra note 11, at 4-6.





   n85. See id. at 229-30.





   n86. See Daniel M. Filler, From Law to Content in the New Media Marketplace,
90 Cal. L. Rev. 1739, 1751-52 (2002) (book review) (discussing the type of
person that reads a book about phone sex).





   n87. See Rosen, supra note 11, at 9.





   n88. See David Streitfeld, Lewinsky to Turn Over Book Purchase Information,
Wash. Post, June 23, 1998, at A4.





   n89. See Rosen, supra note 11, at 198 ("People don't want their browsing
habits collected in personally identifiable dossiers, because those dossiers can
be bought or subpoenaed by employers, insurance companies, divorcing spouses,
and others who have the ability to affect our lives in profound ways.").





   n90. Such a claim is obviously predicated on the idea that any collection of
information is an imperfect proxy for reality. See Cohen, Examined Lives, supra
note 77, at 1404 ("Information theory, in contrast, recognizes that
"information' and "reality' are different (though related) things, and that
"knowledge' forms an imperfect and culturally contingent bridge between them.").





   n91. See, e.g., Cohen, Privacy, Ideology and Technology, supra note 20, at
2031 ("Within the private sector, the impetus for the destruction of privacy is
not prurience or prudishness, but core values that animate the rational
marketplace behavior of profit-seeking entities.").





   n92. See, e.g., Schwartz, supra note 3, at 833 ("Due to the pervasive failure
in the privacy market in the United States, a subsidy is given to those data
processing companies that exploit personal data.").





   n93. See generally Charles Wolf, Jr., A Theory of Nonmarket Failure:
Framework for Implementation Analysis, 22 J.L. & Econ. 107, 107-12 (1979)
(discussing nonmarket failure and the four classic types of market failures).





   n94. In actuality, the marginal value could be equal to or exceed the value
of the marginal privacy loss and whatever other marginal costs (e.g., time) are
associated with the page view. I treat these values other than privacy loss as
negligible.





   n95. The notion that there may be a cognizable market for information is
easier to accept once one understands that the act of viewing a web page is a
transactional exchange. See supra notes 34-38 and accompanying text.





   n96. See Schwartz, supra note 3, at 822-23.





   n97. See Wolf, supra note 93, at 107-08. Wolf notes that the appropriate
concept is actually closer to "market inadequacies" than to "market failures,"
since, strictly speaking, "market failures" refers exclusively to departures
from Pareto-efficient outcomes and therefore ignores the distributional
implications of different strategies. Id. at 108 n.5.





   n98. Id. at 108.





   n99. Id. at 109.





   n100. Id. at 110. Wolf does not actually identify "transaction costs," but
such costs certainly fit under the umbrella of imperfect mobility
characteristics of perfect markets. See id.





   n101. Id. at 110-12.





   n102. For example, transactions for personal data contain inevitable
externalities. See Richard S. Murphy, Property Rights in Personal Information:
An Economic Defense of Privacy, 84 Geo. L.J. 2381, 2401-02 (1996). With respect
to the increasing returns scenario, there may well be certain instances where
the marginal cost of collecting each data point is constant, but to the extent
that this concern relates to how this constant figure manifests itself in
monopoly markets, it is less salient in the clickstream context because of the
absence of such monopolies.





   n103. See, e.g., Cohen, Examined Lives, supra note 77, at 1397-98 (arguing
that inadequate discounting distorts consumer privacy valuations); Solove, supra
note 3, at 1450-51 (identifying several problems with the information market);
Jeff Sovern, Protecting Privacy with Deceptive Trade Practices Legislation, 69
Fordham L. Rev. 1305, 1327-28 (2001) (addressing the character of information
asymmetries).





   n104. See, e.g., Cohen, Examined Lives, supra note 77, at 1397.





   n105. For an example demonstrating that these conditions exist, see id. at
1397; infra Section VI.B.





   n106. See, e.g., Hatch, supra note 7, at 1477-81 (reciting a number of survey
results); see Bartow, supra note 8, at 675 (citing Steve Lohr, Compressed Data:
Survey Shows Few Trust Promises on Online Privacy, N.Y. Times, Apr. 17, 2000, at
C4 (quoting a market research firm study that found that ninety-two percent of
people don't trust companies to keep information confidential)); Jenab, supra
note 22, at 651-52 (citing various poll results to suggest that Americans are
concerned about privacy and that more legislation is necessary to protect it);
Jim Harper & Solveig Singleton, With a Grain of Salt: What Consumer Privacy
Surveys Don't Tell Us (June 2001) (unpublished manuscript, on file with the
Virginia Law Review Association), available at Social Science Research Network,
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id =299930.





   n107. Harper & Singleton, supra note 106, at 1.





   n108. Id.





   n109. Id.





   n110. Id. at 2.





   n111. Id. at 7.





   n112. Id. (citing Privacy: Caught With the Cookie Jar, Nat'l J. Tech. Daily,
A.M. Edition, Apr. 4, 2001, at http://nationaljournal.com/pubs/techdaily/ ("Web
analysis service Web Side Story found in a review of more than 1 billion page
views cookies were disabled just .68 percent of the time.")).





   n113. See supra notes 106-12 and accompanying text.





   n114. See Wolf, supra note 93, at 107.





   n115. See Solove, supra note 3, at 1451; Hunter, supra note 22.





   n116. See Solove, supra note 3, at 1451-52; Robert Thibadeau, A Critique of
P3P: Privacy on the Web, at http://dollar.ecom.cmu.edu/p3pcritique/ (Aug. 23,
2000) (on file with the Virginia Law Review Association).





   n117. See Solove, supra note 3, at 1431; Hunter, supra note 22.





   n118. Collecting agents can never anticipate all the ways they may be able to
use data. New uses of data spring up all the time, and part of the value
collecting agents attribute to a certain datum is surely some residual
possibility of an unexpected use.





   n119. This is simply the standard economic argument that, ceteris paribus,
consumers would gravitate toward those services that exacted privacy of some
value less than that acquired through the page view.





   n120. See supra note 94.





   n121. See, e.g., Walt Disney Internet Group (WDIG) Privacy Policy, at http://
disney.go.com/legal/privacy_policy.html (last visited Mar. 27, 2003) (containing
the privacy policy for, among other websites, ESPN.com); see also Schwartz,
supra note 3, at 823-24 (noting that the Georgetown Internet Privacy Policy
Survey, sponsored by the Federal Trade Commission, "found that Web sites with
the most passenger traffic were increasingly offering click-on "Privacy
Notices'").





   n122. These policies are increasingly used and available, but they are rarely
featured prominently on the homepage.





   n123. See Schwartz, supra note 3, at 824.





   n124. See id. (noting that the rule of thumb seems to be that if an Internet
user sticks around, then that person has effectively consented to all terms,
even if those terms change over time).





   n125. See, e.g., The Kroger Co. Privacy Policy, Kroger, at
http://kroger.com/privacy-policy.htm (last visited May 28, 2003) (on file with
the Virginia Law Review Association) ("We reserve the right to change our
privacy policy at any time.").





   n126. See Hunter, supra note 22.





   n127. See, e.g., Electronic Commerce: The Current Status of Privacy
Protections for Online Consumers: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Telecomm.,
Trade, and Consumer Prot. of the House Comm. on Commerce, 106th Cong. 89-94
(1999) (statement of Solveig Singleton, Director of Information Studies, The
CATO Institute), available at www.cato.org/testimony/ct-ss071399.html.





   n128. See Froomkin, supra note 9, at 1525 (stating that TRUSTe.com may be
"the most visible and successful self-regulatory initiative"). Companies like
TRUSTe provide seals authenticating the integrity of a site's professed data
practices. Id.





   n129. See Heimes, supra note 39, at 97; Jenab, supra note 22, at 660 ("Market
participants are not, then, rushing to enact meaningful privacy policies.").
Jenab further cites a study indicating "that fewer than 10% of the web's busiest
sites adequately inform consumers of how their personal information is being
processed," while 92.9% of them collect personal data. Id. (citing Comments on
the Georgetown Internet Privacy Policy Survey, Center for Democracy and
Technology, at http://www.msb. edu/faculty/culnanm/GIPPS/cdt.pdf (last visited
Feb. 19, 2001)).





   n130. See Froomkin, supra note 9, at 1525 (discussing the procedures of the
TRUSTe certificatory company).





   n131. See, e.g., id. at 1526.





   n132. Id. at 1526-27.





   n133. See Cranor et al., supra note 28.





   n134. See Froomkin, supra note 9, at 1526-27.





   n135. See supra notes 118-34 and accompanying text.





   n136. See infra Section V.B.





   n137. Completion of the form would surely be voluntary, and the return on
time spent filling out the form would in almost every instance fail to give
sufficient incentives for the user to fill it out.





   n138. In a market with accurate information about data uses, a collecting
agent would stand to gain from knowledge of the privacy preferences of its
audience/user base. Based on that information, the agent may be able to
diversify its services so as to satisfy each user's privacy preference. At very
high costs of acquiring information about these preferences, however, the return
on understanding the privacy preferences of its audience/user base is not worth
the costs of figuring them out.





   n139. See Froomkin, supra note 9, at 1527 (stating that the United States
might be unique in having a self-regulatory system without any means of
enforcing it); James Goodale et al., Panel I: The Conflict Between Commercial
Speech and Legislation Governing the Commercialization of Public Sector Data, 11
Fordham Intell. Prop. Media & Ent. L.J. 21, 22-23 (2000) (identifying the need
for enforcement as a critical issue in online privacy discourse); Solove, supra
note 3, at 1451 ("Most privacy policies have no way to prevent changes in policy
or a binding enforcement mechanism."); Jeff Sovern, Opting In, Opting Out, or No
Options at All: The Fight for Control of Personal Information, 74 Wash. L. Rev.
1033, 1100 (1999) ("Some enforcement apparatus would be necessary to ensure that
businesses were living up to their obligations under the regulation."); Belgum,
supra note 8, P 46; Thibadeau, supra note 116.





   n140. See Rosen, supra note 11, at 164. DoubleClick, the largest advertising
network on the Internet, purchased Abacus Direct, which possessed an enormous
marketing database profiling offline consumer behavior. DoubleClick declared its
intention to cross-reference its online data with that of the offline marketer,
igniting a firestorm ultimately causing its stock to plummet and prompting it to
alter its plans for the data integration. See id.; see also Zimmerman, supra
note 40, at 445 (describing DoubleClick's acquisition and the subsequent public
reaction).





   n141. See Schwartz, supra note 3, at 822. For a textbook explanation of the
collective-action problem, see Charles J. Goetz, Cases and Materials on Law and
Economics 24-29 (1984).





   n142. See Froomkin, supra note 9, at 1525.





   n143. See, e.g., Volokh, supra note 12, at 1118 (arguing that the absence of
such enforcement mechanisms demonstrates that uncertainty about privacy does not
chill Internet use).





   n144. Again, V<User>is the value the user places on adherence to the privacy
term - not the value the user places on the page view itself.





   n145. This conclusion is true assuming a user's reservation price is
generally equivalent to V<User> (an assumption relaxed in subsequent analysis).





   n146. This would happen because the increased certainty would come without
any implementation or enforcement costs. For a general discussion of the ways in
which fair information practices relate to network use, see Joel R. Reidenberg &
Francoise Gamet-Pol, The Fundamental Role of Privacy and Confidence in the
Network, 30 Wake Forest L. Rev. 105, 123-25 (1995). This analysis assumes people
know that collecting agents were acquiring information on them.





   n147. In other words, because implementation and enforcement do cost
something, at some point the marginal expenditure on enforcement will not be
worth the marginal increase in those willing to use the Internet. This happens
because either the user or the collecting agent will bear much of the
implementation and enforcement cost, effectively diminishing the return on
transactions for information.





   n148. The user is better off because she gets paid an amount equivalent to
her valuation on the privacy expectation, V<User>, and the collecting agent is
better off because it gets value equivalent to DUV<Unauth> - V<User>.





   n149. See Lessig, supra note 9, at 152-53 (arguing that the advanced modern
capacity to monitor and archive data exacerbates privacy concerns); Murphy,
supra note 102, at 2402 ("The plummeting cost of data storage and dissemination
and the expanding uses of particularized information have conspired to drive up
the value of such information to third parties, and, hence, to the merchant who
collects the information.").





   n150. See Chance v. Ave. A, Inc., 165 F. Supp. 2d 1153 (W.D. Wash. 2001)
(dismissing claims against a third-party ad server arising under the Stored
Communications Act and the Federal Wiretap Act); In re DoubleClick, 154 F. Supp.
2d 497 (S.D.N.Y. 2001) (dismissing claims against a third-party ad network
arising under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Federal Wiretap
Act, and the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act); In re Intuit, 138 F. Supp. 2d 1272
(C.D. Cal. 2001) (dismissing claims against a first-party website operator
arising under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and the Federal Wiretap Act). The
reasoning for the dismissals varies from case to case. Even in the event that
courts were to apply a statutory prohibition to cookie-assignment, such a
prohibition would doubtlessly be prophylactic in character and therefore subject
to many of the same criticisms leveled in notes 176-83 infra and accompanying
text. There has been one case that has held cookie collection to be in violation
of the Electronics Communications Privacy Act, but in that case, the violation
stemmed from the fact that the third party collecting personally identifiable
information on users did not secure adequate consent from its first-party
website business partners to do so. See In re Pharmatrak, Inc., 439 F.3d 9, 20
(1st Cir. 2003).





   n151. Stored Communications Act, 18 U.S.C. 2701-2710 (2000); see supra note
150. The scope of statutory regulations is quite small. The most substantial
privacy law is the Stored Communications Act, 18 U.S.C. 2701-2710. The online
scope of the act is limited to civil and criminal interception, use, and
disclosure rules for email content. See David L. Sobel, The Process that "John
Doe" is Due: Addressing the Legal Challenge to Internet Anonymity, 5 Va. J.L. &
Tech. 3, PP 9-10 (2000), at
http://www.vjolt.net/vol5/symposium/v5ila3-Sobel.html (on file with the Virginia
Law Review Association).





   n152. Federal Wiretap Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2522 (2000); see supra note 150.





   n153. Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, 18 U.S.C. 1030 (2000); see supra note
150.





   n154. The Supreme Court's holding in Whalen v. Roe, 429 U.S. 589 (1977),
suggests that some constitutional protection for informational privacy may exist
where the state is the collecting agent. See id. at 606 (Brennan, J.
concurring).





   n155. See, e.g., United States v. Jacobsen, 466 U.S. 109, 113 (1984);
Spetalieri v. Kavanaugh, 36 F. Supp. 2d 92, 107 (N.D.N.Y 1998).





   n156. See supra note 5.





   n157. Professor Lawrence Lessig has argued that, because the government can
control the development of Internet architecture, the state action doctrine is
not as inapposite in the online context as one might think. See Lessig, supra
note 9, at 217. This position seems to ignore the fact that the government can
almost always control the terms by which private parties exchange information,
but such control does not render the underlying private activity subject to
constitutional restriction. Additionally, there is no Fourteenth Amendment
privacy interest in less sensitive affairs. Spetalieri, 36 F. Supp. 2d at 109.





   n158. Samuel D. Warren & Louis D. Brandeis, The Right to Privacy, 4 Harv. L.
Rev. 193 (1890).





   n159. The exceptions to this generalization primarily involve the "Intrusion
Upon Seclusion" tort. See Restatement (Second) of Torts 652C (1977).





   n160. The Simpsons: When You Dish Upon a Star (Fox television broadcast, Nov.
8, 1998).





   n161. ""Is freedom inversely related to the efficiency of the available means
of surveillance? If so, we have much to fear.'" Lessig, supra note 9, at 18
(quoting James Boyle, Shamans, Software, and Spleens: Law and the Construction
of the Information Society 4 (1996)).





   n162. Restatement (Second) of Torts 652A-652E (1977).





   n163. See Jenab, supra note 22, at 655-56; Schwartz, supra note 20, at
778-79; Belgum, supra note 8, PP 19-23.





   n164. See Belgum, supra note 8, P 20.





   n165. Restatement (Second) of Torts 625B (1977).





   n166. See Dwyer v. Am. Express Co., 652 N.E.2d 1351, 1353 (Ill. App. Ct.
1995) (rejecting intrusion claim against charge card company for selling card
holder names, scored by purchase patterns, for remarketing). Moreover, most
would agree that clickstream data is less "personal" than a profile of purchase
habits associated with a name and address or phone number as in Dwyer. Finally,
courts tend to reject such claims when the information is ceded "voluntarily,"
and the fact that most browsers can be configured to reject cookies would likely
be sufficient to satisfy this "voluntariness" requirement. See Helms, supra note
21, at 310.





   n167. The cookie may contain a zip code or an indication that the user
prefers golf over tennis, but that information is not generally considered
private. See Belgum, supra note 8, P 23 (explaining that personal data is not
synonymous with private data).





   n168. See Helms, supra note 21, at 311 ("It is not likely that even the most
detailed profile would rise to the level of a "highly offensive' disclosure of a
private fact.").





   n169. See, e.g., Shibley v. Time, Inc., 341 N.E.2d 337, 339 (Ohio Ct. App.
1975) ("It is clear from a reading of the authorities dealing with invasion of
privacy that the "appropriation or exploitation of one's personality' referred
to ... refers to those situations where the plaintiff's name or likeness is
displayed to the public to indicate that the plaintiff indorses the defendant's
product or business."). Cases where courts have relied on the misappropriation
tort in relation to facts are limited to "hot-news." See, e.g., NBA v. Motorola,
Inc., 105 F.3d 841, 853 (2d Cir. 1997).





   n170. 761 P.2d 556, 558 (Utah 1988).





   n171. Id. at 564.





   n172. 400 N.E.2d 847, 848 (Mass. 1980).





   n173. Id. at 850-51. The incidental use doctrine states:



   The value of the plaintiff's name is not appropriated by mere mention of it,
or by reference to it in connection with legitimate mention of his public
activities; nor is the value of his likeness appropriated when it is published
for purposes other than taking advantage of his reputation, prestige, or other
value associated with him, for purposes of publicity. No one has the right to
object merely because his name or his appearance is brought before the public,
since neither is in any way a private matter and both are open to public
observation. It is only when the publicity is given for the purpose of
appropriating to the defendant's benefit the commercial or other values
associated with the name or the likeness that the right of privacy is invaded.

 Restatement (Second) of Torts 652C cmt. d (1977).





   n174. See Tropeano, 400 N.E.2d at 850; Restatement (Second) of Torts 652C
cmt. d (1977).





   n175. In other words, when clickstream data is published, it is not published
in such a way that indicates that Person 1 did A, Person 2 did B, etc., but
instead the information is aggregated into broad generalizations like "the class
of people with these characteristics tended to behave in the following way."
See, e.g., John Chandler-Pepelnjak & Jaymee Johnson, New Industry Benchmarks:
Purchase and Registration Drop-off Rates, Atlas Institute, at
http://atlasdmt.com/media/pdfs/insights/DMIDropeview.pdf (2001) (on file with
the Virginia Law Review Association) (detailing consumer "drop-off" rates
aggregated by industry).





   n176. For a discussion of the implications of juror-imposed uncertainty, see
Goetz, supra note 141, at 299-302.





   n177. For a discussion of why uncertainty can diminish participant utility
relative to a certain outcome with the same expected value, see id. at 75-82.





   n178. See Owen M. Fiss, The Political Theory of the Class Action, 53 Wash. &
Lee L. Rev. 21, 24 (1996) ("In short, the class action could be viewed as a
device to fund the private attorney general and is able to play that role
because of the aggregation of the claims of a large number of persons who have
similar or identical claims, none of which - standing alone - would justify the
suit.").





   n179. An appropriate coefficient would have to incorporate a figure
representing the percentage of cognizable claims that, for one reason or
another, are not filed. The very nature of these claims, however, makes
measuring the frequency with which they occur almost impossible.





   n180. See Cranor et al., supra note 28.





   n181. It may strike one as odd to refer to a tort standard as prophylactic
because most tort cases involve ex post assessments. One may justify such a
proposition, however, because the context in which courts gauge the
reasonableness of behavior is unlikely to change. What is reasonable to do with
clickstream data collected on one website, for example, is likely very similar
to what is reasonable to do with data collected on another. Any variation in the
standard, then, would more likely be attributable to the subjective variation of
juries rather than objective differences in context.





   n182. Cranor et al., supra note 28 ("It seems unlikely that a
one-size-fits-all approach to online privacy is likely to succeed.").





   n183. See, e.g., Kang, supra note 44, at 1246-59 (arguing for default rules
vesting rights in consumers for anything other than "functionally necessary"
information); Murphy, supra note 102, at 2407-17 (endorsing contractual
privacy). I call this a "pseudo-contract" scheme because it would actually have
to be a statutory scheme that imposed contract-like obligations on the basis of
parameters determined by interaction between a user agent and the website.





   n184. See, e.g., Kenneth C. Laudon, Extensions to the Theory of Markets and
Privacy: Mechanics of Pricing Information, in Privacy and Self-Regulation in the
Information Age 41, 42-43 (U.S. Dep't of Commerce ed., 1997), available at
http://www.ntia. doc.gov/reports/privacy/selfreg1.htm (advocating a property
regime). Professor Alan F. Westin first proposed the idea of propertizing
personal information in 1967. Westin, supra note 11, at 324-25. For a discussion
of the contexts in which government institutions have recognized property
interests in facts, see Hatch, supra note 7, at 1467-68.





   n185. See Feist Publ'ns v. Rural Tel. Serv. Co., 499 U.S. 340, 345-47 (1991).





   n186. For example, it costs a man less to control information exchange
regarding his receding hairline by wearing a hat than it would cost society to
control this sort of exchange by enforcing some sort of property right in this
fact.





   n187. See Robert P. Merges, The End of Friction? Property Rights and Contract
in the "Newtonian" World of On-line Commerce, 12 Berkeley Tech. L.J. 115, 121-22
(1997) ("The difference is that a bilateral agreement applies only between
contracting parties, whereas a restraint on alienation "runs with the property,'
and hence interferes with all potential future parties as well.").





   n188. Courts will generally enforce contracts not to speak, but not property
rights against those seeking to disclose information that the speaker has
legally acquired. See Ellen Alderman & Caroline Kennedy, The Right to Privacy
329 (1995) (noting that property ownership of personal information is at odds
with the First Amendment). But see L.A. Police Dep't v. United Reporting Publ'g
Corp., 528 U.S. 32, 34 (1999) (rejecting a facial challenge to a statutory
amendment limiting commercial users' access to arrestee addresses). For a
general discussion of the tension between privacy and the First Amendment, see
Goodale et al., supra note 139.





   n189. See, e.g., Cohen v. Cowles Media Co., 501 U.S. 663, 665 (1991) (holding
that the First Amendment does not prohibit one from recovering promissory
estoppel damages for a publisher's breach of a confidentiality promise that was
given in exchange for information); see also Volokh, supra note 12, at 1057-61
(arguing that courts may even recognize implied contractual privacy terms).





   n190. Figure 1 represents a V<User> distribution with a small mean. Although
the absolute value of the distribution around the mean is likely small (because
the mean itself is so infinitesimal), the relative size of the dispersion
remains crucial to the analysis.





   n191. Because a larger standard deviation implies greater dispersion around
the mean, the greater the standard deviation, the greater the dispersal around
the mean, and the greater the degree to which a prophylactic standard would
either undercompensate or overdeter.





   n192. See, e.g., Lessig, supra note 9, at 160-63 (discussing the possibility
of using P3P in conjunction with a legal remedy); Rosen, supra note 11, at 172.





   n193. The full P3P specification can be found at World Wide Web Consortium,
at http://www.w3.org/tr/p3p/ (last visited July 5, 2003) (on file with the
Virginia Law Review Association).





   n194. See, e.g., William McGeveran, Programmed Privacy Promises: P3P and Web
Privacy Law, 76 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 1812, 1815 (2001) (espousing P3P as a means of
creating a privacy market); Marc Rotenberg, Fair Information Practices and the
Architecture of Privacy (What Larry Doesn't Get), 2001 Stan. Tech. L. Rev. 1, PP
75-89 (2001) (leveling numerous criticisms at P3P).





   n195. See Aaron Goldfeder & Lisa Leibfried, Privacy in Internet Explorer 6,
at http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/en-us/dnpriv/html/ie6privacyfeature.
asp?frame= true (last updated Oct. 16, 2001) (on file with the Virginia Law
Review Association).





   n196. See Jeffrey Benner, MS Gets Privacy-Happy With New IE, Wired News, at
http://www.wired.com/news/privacy/0,1848,43686,00.html (May 15, 2001) (on file
with the Virginia Law Review Association).





   n197. Scarlet Pruitt, Internet Explorer 6.0 Leaves Netscape Behind, IDG News
Service, at http://www.pcworld.com/news/article/0,aid,91483,00.asp (Mar. 27,
2002) (on file with the Virginia Law Review Association).





   n198. See James Tierney, Remarks at the Technology Law Center at the
University of Maine School of Law (June 2001), in Internet Privacy Law, Policy,
and Practice: State, Federal, and International Perspectives, 54 Me. L. Rev. 95,
111 (2002).



   However, the default levels will, of course, be set by the person in the
company who owns your operating system. So, I want you to go out and look all
across the country and decide which operating system you all have. Ninety-six
percent of us have one from one company and it will decide the level of default
that you will have, and nobody will ever change that default.

 Id.





   n199. See Goldfeder & Leibfried, supra note 195.





   n200. See supra notes 16-29 and accompanying text.





   n201. See How to Manage Cookies in Internet Explorer 6, Microsoft Knowledge
Base Article, at http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;283185
(last visited Feb. 21, 2003) [hereinafter How to Manage Cookies] (on file with
the Virginia Law Review Association).





   n202. A user may actually input customized settings, but this functionality
is beyond the scope of this discussion.





   n203. These cookies could be from first or third parties. How to Manage
Cookies, supra note 201.





   n204. Laurie Cranor, P3P: A More Detailed Look, The O'Reilly Network, at
http://www.oreillynet.com/lpt/a/1554 (last visited Feb. 21, 2003) (on file with
the Virginia Law Review Association).





   n205. Id.





   n206. Usually this will either be a "block" or an "accept," but certain
settings provide that certain types of cookies be either "leashed" or
"restricted." A leashed cookie is one that can be read only by the agent that
issued it. A restricted cookie is treated like a "session cookie" and is deleted
when the user closes her browser. See Goldfeder & Leibfried, supra note 195.





   n207. In Internet Explorer 5.5, the user can either reject all cookies,
accept all cookies, or be prompted every time a collecting agent attempts to set
a cookie. See Benner, supra note 196.





   n208. See Goldfeder & Leibfried, supra note 195.





   n209. Upon clicking on the report she will see a pop-up window detailing all
of the cookies that collecting agents with material on that page seek to assign
to her browser. The window will explain how each cookie was treated - whether it
was accepted, blocked, leashed, or converted to a session cookie. Id.





   n210. See Kang, supra note 44, at 1246-59.





   n211. Ian Ayres & Robert Gertner, Filling Gaps in Incomplete Contracts: An
Economic Theory of Default Rules, 99 Yale L.J. 87 (1989).





   n212. He concluded that the default should vest the right only to
"functionally necessary" information with the collecting agents. Kang, supra
note 44, at 1201.





   n213. This is not to say that clickstream data is not valuable, but simply
that the value of a single clickstream data point and that of the page view for
which it is traded are sufficiently small that even a minor inconvenience would
probably be enough to cause the user to view another page. A collecting agent
may be more willing than a user to engage in this sort of bargaining, but only
because it could have millions of such interactions and could therefore capture
returns from scale on bargaining for these data points.





   n214. This statement is a more colloquial way of saying that this posture is
justified where otherwise one of the parties, in the interest of capturing a
greater fraction of the surplus from the bargain, would selectively conceal
information the revelation of which would have increased the overall surplus to
be shared by both parties to the bargain. See Ayres & Gertner, supra note 211,
at 94.





   n215. Id. at 89-91.





   n216. To "flip out" means to switch from the default term to the other
option. "Flipping out" is the terminology used by Jerry Kang. See Kang, supra
note 44, at 1257.





   n217. See Ayres & Gertner, supra note 211, at 114-15.





   n218. Irrespective of the default settings, in order to change them the user
would still have to go to the same privacy menu. The difference resides merely
in the button she would click to do it.





   n219. Lessig, supra note 9, at 160.





   n220. This setting is particularly important because otherwise users would
lack an incentive to get the browser that allows users and collecting agents to
make explicit the exact privacy terms.





   n221. In one survey, seventy-eight percent of respondents indicated that
"they would definitely or probably agree to Web sites using persistent
identifiers ... to provide a customized service." Cranor et al., supra note 28.





   n222. Cookies are used to link a user with material that that user has placed
in the shopping cart. That information is stored in the collecting agent's
database.





   n223. See supra notes 176-80 and accompanying text.





   n224. In one survey, only forty-four percent indicated that they would agree
to allow an identifier to provide advertising across a number of websites.
Cranor et al., supra note 28.





   n225. See Dorothy Kabakeris, How to Find Investment Information on the Web, 3
No. 21 Law. J. 8, 8 (2001).





   n226. By "premium" I mean to suggest that advertisers pay more than they
otherwise would if they could not differentiate within a vendor audience.





   n227. There exist some simplifying assumptions for this assertion. First, the
number of users on a given website would have to be static. Second, all users
would have to use the site with the same frequency. That these assertions are
plainly untrue, however, does not seriously undermine the point. The fraction of
the loss borne by a single user may not be exactly 1/N, but will nevertheless be
substantially less than one hundred percent.





   n228. One might recognize that setting the default to accept third-party
cookies uses one type of market imperfection (the friction of flipping out of
the default rule) to correct another type of market imperfection
(externalities).





   n229. See, e.g., Digital Marketing Insights, Atlas DMT, at
http://atlasdmt.com /insights/dm.asp (last visited Feb. 21, 2003) (on file with
the Virginia Law Review Association) (chronicling a number of different tests
using cookie data).





   n230. See Froomkin, supra note 9, at 1527 (noting that the United States may
be unique in having self-regulation without any enforcement mechanism).





   n231. See supra note 179 and accompanying text.





   n232. The relationship between D<E> and P<E> is actually far more
complicated, as neither of the two variables is independent. Increasing D<E>
would effectively increase the return on litigation, pulling P<E> upward.





   n233. This way, the decision to make unauthorized use of data despite the
penalty, occurs only when that use garners a return higher than the user's
privacy valuation.





   n234. See supra notes 178-80 and accompanying text.





   n235. It would be more expensive in part because of the costs associated with
executing subpoenas to force violators to provide the list of users.





   n236. They would not be repaid unless the government remitted payments to
those users whose privacy terms were violated.





   n237. As used in this Note, the term "contract" does not invoke the idea of
contractual remedies. A "nanocontract" is merely a convenient way of describing
the very small agreement.





   n238. One would expect P<R> to approach V<User> because one is generally
willing to accept value at least equivalent to the value she places on the term.





   n239. See infra this Section.





   n240. Some sort of marginal gain in terms of credibility probably results
from a collecting agent's agreement to pay an increased reservation price, but
this analysis does not incorporate this phenomenon because what ultimately
matters here is whether this marginal increase varies with respect to the
stringency of the privacy term. This analysis assumes that because an extra
dollar of P<R> should generally inspire roughly the same amount of incremental
credibility irrespective of how stringently the user has set the cookie-handling
privacy term, the discussion regarding which way the scale of defaults should
slide with respect to privacy term stringency may ignore this dynamic.





   n241. The lost value derives from two distinct phenomena. First, an
additional dollar of P<R> would render some formerly profitable data uses
unprofitable. Second, the additional dollar of P<R> would diminish the profit
(by a dollar) on each data use that remains profitable.





   n242. One might object that projected collecting agent valuations of privacy
terms should not drive the default settings because such methodology ignores the
pattern of user valuations for that term. Suppose, the argument would go, that
users would prefer that lower levels of P<R> be associated with permissive, not
stringent policies. The answer to this objection resides in the extreme
dispersal of user valuations around the mean V[in'User. ']A default P<R>
reflecting the mean user valuation is, for any single user, more likely to
deviate significantly from that user's actual valuation than is likely, for a
given collecting agent, a default P<R> reflecting the mean collecting agent
valuation to deviate from that collecting agent's actual valuation. This
condition means that setting the default P<R> relative to collecting agent
preferences, rather than user preferences, minimizes the likelihood that one of
these parties need incur the transaction cost of adjusting the P<R> from the
default. P<R> will rarely reflect the actual valuation of a given user at any
level to which it is set, but if it is set in accordance with collecting agent
valuations, at least that class need not request that the P<R> be adjusted upon
each page view. This is an assumption and would require empirical verification.
Given, however, that business valuations are driven by economic need rather than
subjective preference, they are probably less dispersed than their consumer
counterparts.





   n243. Determining the absolute value of the default reservation price, in
dollar terms, is beyond the scope of this Note.





   n244. See Robert P. Merges, Contracting into Liability Rules: Intellectual
Property Rights and Collective Rights Organizations, 84 Cal. L. Rev. 1293, 1295
(1996).





   n245. See Thibadeau, supra note 116.





   n246. Costs of storing data are substantial, and for larger data miners,
adding two fields may not be the optimal strategy for linking privacy
configurations with data points. An alternate strategy would be to store the
privacy configurations of every user in a different table, and to query that
table anytime the data is audited. That way, if a collecting agent sees the same
cookie fifty times, it need not store that cookie's configuration fifty times as
well. Obviously date parameters are important, as users may change their
preferences over time, but the author will ignore that here.





   n247. Expert computer science auditors can quickly audit vast quantities of
data. See, e.g., In re Pharmatrak, Inc., 329 F.2d 9, 17 (1st Cir. 2003)
(describing how the plaintiff's expert witness was able to conduct a thorough
audit of the defendant's log files in a matter of hours).





   n248. See Thibadeau, supra note 116.





   n249. An argument for the superiority of a central auditing agent in the
context of content ratings is presented in Thomas B. Nachbar, Paradox and
Structure: Relying on Government Regulation to Preserve the Internet's
Unregulated Character, 85 Minn. L. Rev. 215, 270-87 (2000).





   n250. See Volokh, supra note 12, at 1060 ("Though breach of contract has
traditionally been seen as a purely private wrong, to be remedied through a
private lawsuit, it's similar enough ... to fraud or false advertising that
there's nothing startling about ... the Federal Trade Commission prosecuting
some such breaches itself.").





   n251. See Thibadeau, supra note 116 (identifying problems that inhere in a
system of identifying privacy violations involving data that is supposed to be
anonymous).





   n252. "Reverse IP lookup" is a fancy name for a simple procedure. The LANs
and ISPs can just associate the timestamp and the IP address recorded in the
clickstream data with the account their records show using that IP address at
that time.





   n253. Processing costs associated with paying LANs/ISPs would be smaller than
those associated with paying users directly because there are, by many orders of
magnitude, more users than there are LANs and ISPs.


                              205 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                     The Greater Milwaukee Poodle Club Inc

                               5790 S.Martin Road
                             New Berlin,  WI 53146
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (262) 679-9421
URL: www.greatermilwaukeepoodleclub.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Greater Milwaukee Poodle Club is an affiliate club of the Poodle Club of
America. The Poodle Club of America is a member club of the American Kennel
Club. The Greater Milwaukee Poodle Club puts on two Poodle Specialty Shows per
year that are approved by the Poodle Club of America and the American Kennel
Club.  Any member of the Greater Milwaukee Poodle Club who is an active breeder
shall keep accurate and complete records of his or her dogs, their pedigrees and
matings. All breeding dogs should be registered with the American Kennel Club.
Any member who falsifies registration papers or knowingly misrepresents pedigree
information shall be expelled from the club, and such action reported to the
American Kennel Club and The Poodle Club of America.  Both the stud dog and
brood bitch should be of good quality and free of any serious faults, and be
sound both mentally and physically. The objective should always be to produce
puppies that are better quality than the parents.  Be honest about heritable
defect screening. Be honest in your advertising. Do not mislead prospective
buyers or misrepresent your dogs.  Avoid indiscriminate or excessive breeding
for the purpose of selling puppies. It is recommended that toy and miniature
poodles not be bred prior to one year of age and that standard poodles not be
bred prior to two years of age, and that all genetic testing be completed
appropriate to their age and variety prior to breeding.  The following are tests
that should be done b

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              206 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday

Calif. to Require Reverse Document Translations

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 7 Vol. 171 No. 195

LENGTH: 546  words


Beginning in January reverse mortgage lenders in California will be

required to translate loan contracts into one of five foreign languages if

the loan was negotiated in that language.

The five languages -- Chinese, Korean, Spanish, Tagalog, and Vietnamese

-- make up 90% of the foreign ones spoken in the state, said state Sen.

Joseph Simitian, D-Palo Alto, who sponsored the law requiring the

translations.

The law, one of three borrower-protection measures Gov. Arnold

Schwarzenegger signed last month, will prohibit reverse mortgage lenders from

taking an application or charging fees before a consumer has received

independent counseling. It also will prohibit them from requiring borrowers

to buy an annuity as part of the transaction.

Those two restrictions already apply to all federally insured reverse

mortgages, which make up about 90% of the national market. The translation

requirement is new.

"It's something that could take lenders a bit of time to get documents

translated into other languages, so it is an inconvenience for lenders," said

Bruce Morosco, the national production manager of the reverse mortgage

division at 1st Metropolitan Mortgage Inc. "But it's one additional benefit

for borrowers." The Charlotte net branch lender is a unit of Empire Equity

Group Inc. of Montvale, N.J.

Peter H. Bell, the president of the National Reverse Mortgage Lenders

Association, agreed that the translation provision would be the biggest

change.

"Still, it's not unreasonable that if somebody does negotiate a

transaction in a foreign language, that the documents be provided in the same

language," he said.

Heidi Li, a co-director and lawyer at Housing and Economic Rights

Advocates, a nonprofit group in Oakland, said the law might end up benefiting

only some seniors.

"It's unknown what its practical effect is, but it's a first step in

giving meaningful disclosure to non-English speakers so they understand in

writing exactly what a reverse mortgage is," Ms. Li said.

Sen. Simitian worked closely with reverse mortgage lenders in drafting

the legislation, he and Mr. Bell said. The lawmaker said he wanted to protect

seniors who tap their home equity for retirement income.

"We don't want predatory lending issues around a product like a reverse

mortgage, which can be a real lifesaver for a lot of folks who are house-rich

and cash-poor," Sen. Simitian said. "That defines a lot of people in the San

Francisco peninsula and throughout California."

The other two borrower-protection laws let regulators revoke the licenses

of mortgage and real estate brokers who misrepresent their qualifications.

Lawmakers said the rapid increase in the number of brokers in California

made the measures necessary.

Assemblyman Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, sponsored one of the measures,

which will let the California Department of Real Estate suspend or revoke a

license if agents misrepresent their experience in the industry or their

affiliation with a state trade group.

Assemblyman, Mark Ridley-Thomas, D-Los Angeles, introduced the other

measure, which will give the same right to the state's Department of

Corporations, which regulates mortgage brokers.

The California Mortgage Brokers Association and the California

Association of Realtors supported the measures.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Bell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                    September 25, 1996 Wednesday 2D EDITION

LETTERS, FAXES & E-MAIL

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 1658 words

Electrical deregulation editorial flawed

The Denver Post's uncritical defense of electric power monopolies ("Electrical
deregulation could shock consumers," Sept. 8) should "shock" any consumer who
would like lower electricity rates.

The idea that consumers could actually shop around for electricity is admittedly
a new idea. For most of this century, consumers have been forced, by state law,
to buy their electricity from just one company - the local utility monopoly.
Short of sitting in the dark, we have little control over the cost of our
utility bills.

Even in states with a well-run utility like Public Service Company of Colorado,
consumers stand to save on their monthly bills if only they are given the right
to choose who provides their service. Rates for generation could decline between
25 and 40 percent in a competitive market.

That's why it is troubling to see The Post's editorial drag out the same tired
old "worries" about competition that have been raised by every monopoly industry
in history when faced with competition. Remember when the pre-breakup AT&T
monopoly claimed that the nation's telephone system would crash with
competition?

Now we hear that "competition" caused the summer outages in the western United
States. The utility monopoly strategy is simple: If they can scare consumers
about the reliability of the electrical grid, they may be able to put off
competition and keep consumers captive a little longer.

The editorial also buys the ludicrous monopoly argument that there are no
"ready-made rivals" to the utilities who will be willing to serve small
consumers - although 2,000 utilities and hundreds of other energy companies will
be competing against each other for a share of the $ 100 billion residential
electricity market.

The Post simply got its facts wrong about what my legislation does for renewable
energy.

It mistakenly claims my proposal to rapidly advance the commercialization of
renewable technologies would expire in 10 years, not enough time for renewables
to "get on their feet."

The plain language of my bill makes clear this program would not expire until
renewable technologies are competitive in the market. That is why the wind,
solar and geothermal energy associations support my renewable-energy proposal.

The Post also buys the false monopoly line that the federal government would be
invited "through a door historically closed to it."

Outdated state monopoly franchise laws represent an explicit barrier to the free
flow of interstate commerce, the prevention of which is the sole constitutional
responsibility of Congress. Rep. DAN SCHAEFER, R-Colo. 6th Congressional
District -- -- -- Hamblin misrepresents DA's case In his comment about Denver
gangster Michael Asberry, headlined "Street thug a legacy of leniency" (Sept.
17), Ken Hamblin has misstated the facts and misrepresented the truth. Hamblin
hit the correct target, Michael Asberry, but he misrepresents what really
happened in this case.

I am the deputy district attorney, assigned to the DA Gang Unit, who prosecuted
Michael Asberry. Consequently, I know the facts of this case. At no time did I,
or anyone from this office, ever seek any sentence less than the maximum
sentence of incarceration in the Colorado Department of Corrections. Hamblin is
flat wrong when he claims that I "approved the deal pawning Asberry off on the
City of Angels." Nothing could be further from the truth. This office has always
argued, and continues to maintain, that Michael Asberry must be put in prison
for the longest sentence possible. Period.

In fact, this office has already moved to revoke Asberry's probation, and once
again I will seek the maximum prison sentence. Although the ultimate sentence
will be within the discretion of the court, this office will continue its
unyielding hard-line prosecution of gangsters, such as Michael Asberry.

If Ken Hamblin had taken just a moment to learn the facts, rather than his
self-promoting rush to say "I told you so," he might realize and appreciate the
fact that the office of the Denver district attorney has never "coddled" any
gang member. Check the facts, Ken Hamblin. The truth is that this office has
aggressively prosecuted hundreds of gang members and their leaders, including
Michael Asberry. The truth is that 46 of the worst gang members are now serving
20 life sentences and more than 2,100 years in prison. As always, the Denver
district attorney's office relentlessly continues to aggressively pursue the
likes of Michael Asberry. TIM TWINING Deputy District Attorney, Gang Unit Denver
-- -- -- Webb's war on tobacco unprecedented I find it remarkable and a little
humorous that a columnist at the Denver Post would be against our mayor's effort
to curb smoking among our youth (Chuck Green's "Webb isn't declaring a war on
cigarettes," Sept. 20). Does it even matter to him that 40 Colorado youngsters
begin smoking every single day or that 90 percent of all smokers begin smoking
before age 21?

At his press conference announcing that the city would contribute $ 100,000 to
coordinate an unprecedented anti-smoking campaign targeted at school-aged
youths, Mayor Webb made it very clear that, like many other politicians, he has
also taken campaign contributions from the tobacco industry in the past.

But it also must be said that millions of Americans, including politicians,
bought into the lies of the tobacco industry for more than four decades. It was
only recently that the American public found out that the tobacco industry was
actually spiking cigarettes with more nicotine than advertised to make them even
more addictive!

Is the mayor's decision to never again take tobacco campaign contributions a
genuine change of heart, or a political maneuver?

In the next two months, the answer will be clear. Mayor Webb's declaration of
war against tobacco and smoking will prove to be the most substantive ever
undertaken in the state ANDREW HUDSON Press secretary to Mayor Webb Denver -- --
-- Movies can't identify glum workers Hey, grumpy workers! There's a bright side
to your down days - at least for your employers. When you're down, you're more
productive! At least so say some researchers in a business school in Norway
("Surprise! Unhappy people do better work, study finds," Sept. 19).

These researchers found the glum were less confident, looked deeper and found
more creative solutions to the problems" designed by the researchers than the
"cheerful" subjects. There is a serious flaw to this report: its methodology.

To divide people into groups of cheerful and glum test subjects, the researchers
showed them different movies: one "upbeat," one "depressing" and one "neutral."
The only problem is, this assumes a direct relationship between a person's
disposition and movies seen.

Sure, the media are influential in our culture, but to put one in a more or less
productive state for work? Why not take the study out of the lab and look
instead at systemic issues of the workplace and their impact on productivity,
things such as corporate restructuring, which fattens profits while workers'
checks stagnate, or the anxieties of dead-end jobs?  Yet to look at these issues
and the role they play in "productivity" or personal happiness suggests a much
more complicated analysis. Instead, according to these researchers, I suppose we
should just go out and rent "Leaving Las Vegas." LYNN SCHOFIELD CLARK Journalism
and Mass Communication University of Colorado at Boulder -- -- -- Job Service
staff rude, incompetent

Having worked in a factory in the Midwest for 24 years; my sister moved to
Colorado.

Her company had closed its doors to move to Mexico and, because of the company's
relocation, her home state had offered retraining benefits.

The opportunity to learn a new skill, computer-aided technology, was exciting
for my sister, and she pursued it through the Job Service Center in Colorado.

Because she was a nonresident, she was required to coordinate her efforts with
the state she previously lived in.

Meeting with Colorado's Job Service employees was a less than positive
experience.

Stunned by the rudeness she often encountered, she tried to find her way through
the maze of red tape and paperwork required to complete her application before
her benefits lapsed.

At one service center, she stopped by to inform her case worker of her progress
and was told, "Do not stop by here without an appointment again."

She apologized, told him she was unaware of the rule and left. She subsequently
transferred to another service center location and met with a new case worker.

After my sister described her predicament, the new caseworker said to her, "You
sound like you have a lot of unresolved anger." She made every effort to treat a
44-year-old person as if she were a child.

My sister's only inadequacy was she hadn't been through the system and needed
questions answered in a competent and thoughtful manner. Instead, she
encountered thoughtlessness and individuals who seemed not to know what their
job duties entailed.

I have a difficult time comprehending how people employed in the service sector
can get by with such negative attitudes toward the people they serve. To the
caseworker who spoke of my sister having unresolved anger, I say we call that
"projection." Perhaps she should contemplate working in a factory instead of the
service sector.

Maybe then she would appreciate the environment she currently works in and would
stop taking out her anger on those she chooses to demean. SHARON MILLARD Aurora
-- -- -- Clinton sends mixed messages The message we get is:

We should respect and practice good family values for the sake of our children
and the nation, but it's OK for a husband and father to have affairs with other
women.

The message we get is:

If a man goes to war he may lose life or limb, but if he dodges the draft he may
be elected president. J. A. JOHNSON Denver

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               August 19, 1995, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Mean-spirited whine against Mulroney

SECTION: LETTER; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 371 words


   I was astonished to read your July 21 editorial, Mulroney's whine, which
badly misrepresents both former prime minister Brian Mulroney's speech here at
Columbia University last spring and the text of a portion of that speech in the
Media Studies Journal, published by The Freedom Forum Media Studies Center.

The Mulroney speech and article, which dealt with the personal impact on
government and government officials of press reports that lack context and are
patently unfair, drew not so much on his own experience in Canada, but rather
was documented with examples from the United States and other countries.

If anything, he chided some public officials for expecting too much agreement in
the media. At the same time, he pointed to damage done, but concluded that
freedom of expression has no precondition for responsibility or fairness, and
simply cannot have one in a democratic society.

This, he said, is part of the price leaders pay - like it or not. He added that
this does not make it any more pleasant for those on the receiving end of
negative reviews.

We pressed the former prime minister to speak his mind and to provide an
insider's view, based in large part on his conversations with leaders in other
countries. It would be a shame if this kind of candor from public people were
discouraged by mean-spirited editorials that are wholly out of context.

Whatever you think of Mulroney, I can vouch that his speech at Columbia was not
an embittered statement. That is the wrong characterization and simply bad
reporting and analysis.

Having asked Mulroney to give the speech that led to the article (neither
assignment was sought by him, although he is a member of our board of trustees
and national advisory committee), I listened carefully to what he said. The tone
and substance of his remarks were hardly an angry rebuke of the press or
particularly relevant to Canada.

Subsequent reporting of this speech and article have badly missed the mark and
clearly misrepresent what was said and, I am sure, what was intended in this
setting.

Everette E. Dennis

Executive Director

The Freedom Forum Media Studies Center

Columbia University

Editor, Media Studies Journal

New York

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              209 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    August 19, 1995, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Mean-spirited whine against Mulroney

SECTION: LETTER; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 371 words


I was astonished to read your July 21 editorial, Mulroney's whine, which badly
misrepresents both former prime minister Brian Mulroney's speech here at
Columbia University last spring and the text of a portion of that speech in the
Media Studies Journal, published by The Freedom Forum Media Studies Center.

The Mulroney speech and article, which dealt with the personal impact on
government and government officials of press reports that lack context and are
patently unfair, drew not so much on his own experience in Canada, but rather
was documented with examples from the United States and other countries.

If anything, he chided some public officials for expecting too much agreement in
the media. At the same time, he pointed to damage done, but concluded that
freedom of expression has no precondition for responsibility or fairness, and
simply cannot have one in a democratic society.

This, he said, is part of the price leaders pay - like it or not. He added that
this does not make it any more pleasant for those on the receiving end of
negative reviews.

We pressed the former prime minister to speak his mind and to provide an
insider's view, based in large part on his conversations with leaders in other
countries. It would be a shame if this kind of candor from public people were
discouraged by mean-spirited editorials that are wholly out of context.

Whatever you think of Mulroney, I can vouch that his speech at Columbia was not
an embittered statement. That is the wrong characterization and simply bad
reporting and analysis.

Having asked Mulroney to give the speech that led to the article (neither
assignment was sought by him, although he is a member of our board of trustees
and national advisory committee), I listened carefully to what he said. The tone
and substance of his remarks were hardly an angry rebuke of the press or
particularly relevant to Canada.

Subsequent reporting of this speech and article have badly missed the mark and
clearly misrepresent what was said and, I am sure, what was intended in this
setting.

Everette E. Dennis

Executive Director

The Freedom Forum Media Studies Center

Columbia University

Editor, Media Studies Journal

New York



LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              210 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 8, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Suit Against Cigarette Makers Goes to Jersey Jury

BYLINE: By DONALD JANSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 649 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, June 7


The jury began deliberations today in a four-month trial of three tobacco
companies accused of causing the lung-cancer death of a smoker by leading her to
believe that their cigarettes would not harm her health.

The jury of three men and three women received the case after Judge H. Lee
Sarokin of Federal District Court read them 72 pages of instructions on how to
address the claims in the damage suit against the Liggett Group, Philip Morris
and Lorillard.

All three companies are charged with fraudulently misrepresenting the safety of
their cigarettes through advertising and other means. Liggett is also charged
with concealing information that would have helped the cancer victim, Rose
Cipollone, to decide whether smoking would be perilous.

The companies also are charged with conspiracy to misrepresent facts about
significant health risks.

The other two charges are leveled only against Liggett, the major target of the
victim's husband, Antonio Cipollone. He contends that Liggett knew of the cancer
risks but failed to warn his wife and other consumers. He also contends that
Liggett made and breached express warranties, or guarantees, that its cigarettes
were safe.

Mrs. Cipollone died in 1984 at the age of 58 after smoking a pack and a half a
day of the companies' cigarettes for 40 years. Liggett is a principal target
because she smoked only Chesterfields and L & M's, both its brands, before
Congress required manufacturers in 1966 to put a warning on each pack that
smoking could be hazardous to health.

The judge instructed the jurors that the Congressionally mandated warning was
legally adequate. All allegations that went to the jury are thus limited to
pre-1966 behavior of the companies.

Liggett is charged with guaranteeing safety in pre-1966 advertisements by
proclaiming that, for example, L & M's are ''just what the doctor ordered.''

The claim of concealment against Liggett is based in part on testimony by Dr.
James A. Mold, former assistant director of research for Liggett, that he sought
to publish research findings by a Liggett consultant, Arthur D. Little, but that
Liggett refused to permit it.

The research confirmed an independent study that found in 1953 that painting
cigarette tars on the shaved backs of mice produced cancer. The researchers for
Little used tars from Liggett cigarettes to produce the cancer.

'A Frank Statement'

In 1954, the industry formed the Tobacco Industry Research Committee and ran
newspaper advertisements called ''a frank statement to cigarette smokers,''
pledging that it would finance research to explore all aspects of tobacco use as
it related to health.

Cipollone attorneys presented witnesses and documents to support their
contention that the committee, later called the Council for Tobacco Research,
was intended to publish only research favorable to the industry.

The plaintiff contends that the ''frank statement'' and the council itself are
just some of many indications of a conspiracy to misrepresent health risks.
Liggett did not join the council until 1964, but the judge, in his instructions,
said, ''One can become a member of a conspiracy after it is formed.''

When the trial began Feb. 1, 12 potential jurors were in the jury box. One was
dismissed midway in the trial. Today six were selected by lot to deliberate,
with the other five standing by as alternates. The chosen six include the only
smoker on the panel, a 35-year-old Ridgewood district manager for a marketing
company.

The others are a Morris Plains construction engineer, 52, with a master's degree
from the Stevens Institute of Technology; a Tenafly woman, 64, who quit smoking
two decades ago; a Ridgewood loan officer, 64, who stopped smoking 25 years ago;
a West Paterson woman, 56, who packs bowls at a plastics factory, and a
52-year-old mother of two from Hawthorne who works as a laboratory technician.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              211 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                December 20, 2001 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

STANFORD SEVERS SOME TIES WITH CONTROVERSIAL SURGEONS

BYLINE: BARBARA FEDER, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1173 words


Stanford University delivered a sharp rebuke to three prominent gynecologic
surgeons on Wednesday, stripping them of their honorary faculty status and
removing them as directors of an on-campus surgical training center after
determining some of their research to be "deficient."

The action, rare for an elite medical school, came in the wake of Stanford's
sweeping, yearlong review of Drs. Camran, Farr and Ceana Nezhat, three brothers
who have been at the center of an unusually contentious debate in national
medical circles for years.

Their admirers have called the brothers -- particularly Camran Nezhat --
brilliant surgeons, but detractors have accused them of research fraud,
performing unnecessary surgeries and concealing complications from those
surgeries. The Nezhats have consistently denied those allegations.

The Stanford review, conducted by an outside panel of medical and legal experts
unaffiliated with the university, did not substantiate allegations of improper
patient care, said medical school dean Dr. Philip Pizzo. But the panel found
"seriously deficient scholarship" in two influential journal articles published
by the Nezhats in 1992 and 1996 that described the success of treatment methods
they had developed.

As a result, university officials have suspended the Nezhats' status as
"volunteer clinical faculty," which means they will no longer be allowed to
teach medical students or residents, nor claim any Stanford affiliation in their
Palo Alto private practice, Pizzo said.

The future of the Stanford Endoscopy Center for Training and Technology, which
the Nezhats directed, is under review; options include its closing, Pizzo
acknowledged.

The university did not revoke the doctors' hospital privileges, however, meaning
that the Nezhats may still perform surgeries at Stanford's hospital.

"They're excellent surgeons; they've provided outstanding patient care," Pizzo
said. "At the same time, they are deficient in their academic performance. They
should not have any association with the medical school."

In a statement released by his lawyer, Camran Nezhat said he and his brothers
were "pleased" that the panel's findings did not find fault with their surgical
practices. However, he noted, "we strongly disagree with the actions of the
medical school regarding our positions . . . we have served the university . . .
with dedication and distinction."

Camran Nezhat said the brothers would appeal Stanford's decision.

No appeal mechanism

However, Stanford spokeswoman Ruthann Richter said there was no mechanism for
appeal because the volunteer clinical faculty designation -- in which community
doctors have hospital privileges and teach students 100 or more hours annually
-- is "a privilege, not a right."

Pizzo, the medical school dean, told the Mercury News on Tuesday that seven
additional journal articles by the Nezhats are still being reviewed, and that
the Nezhats' responses to questions about those articles have been "slow to
come." After that review is completed, Stanford will either make the Nezhats'
suspension permanent or consider reinstatement, he said.

The university did not detail the problems it found in the two articles the
panel has reviewed, but did say that the articles misrepresented the raw data
regarding the success of the Nezhats' surgeries. The university attributed the
problems to "sloppy scholarship" rather than "purposeful falsification."

The independent panel, assisted by internal panels of Stanford doctors and other
university officials, also faulted Stanford's "peer review" process in
addressing the allegations against the Nezhats. In that process, Stanford
doctors evaluate the clinical and academic performance of physicians affiliated
with the medical school.

"It is clear we have made some mistakes . . . we find those mistakes
unacceptable and we will fix them," Pizzo said.

Arthur Caplan, a bioethicist at the University of Pennsylvania-Philadelphia,
questioned why the university took so long to act.

"It's serious because a lot of people have used these surgeons' research --
operating under the Stanford name -- to try things out on their own patients,"
said Caplan, who has studied the Nezhat case for more than two years. "This is a
very telling indictment, but I think many people will be wondering why doctors
with these problems will still be practicing at Stanford."

Stanford's actions should help resolve one of the most deeply divisive episodes
in the medical school's history -- one that polarized colleagues both before and
after many of the allegations were first detailed publicly in the Mercury News
and Philadelphia Inquirer in March 2000. Stanford officials were accused of
whitewashing an internal investigation and silencing doctors who criticized the
Nezhats.

But the independent panel described Stanford's response to the allegations about
the Nezhats as "reasonable" considering the information available at the time.

Camran and Farr Nezhat, brothers from Iran who came to Stanford from Atlanta in
1993 and were later joined by their brother Ceana, are nationally renowned for
their innovations in the field of gynecologic surgery and the treatment of
endometriosis, a painful pelvic disease.

For years, the Nezhats have run the Stanford Endoscopy Center for Training and
Technology, teaching the use of lasers and other instruments to conduct
minimally invasive surgery. However, the Nezhats received no compensation for
their work at the Endoscopy Center, Stanford spokeswoman Richter said.

Earlier allegations

Allegations about the Nezhats' patient care and research predate their arrival
at Stanford: In a long-running malpractice case filed in Atlanta, a woman
accused the brothers of performing a risky experimental procedure on her without
properly gaining her consent.

Later, two Stanford gynecologic surgeons accused Camran and Farr Nezhat of
performing needless operations, covering up complications and accidentally
cutting into a patient's bowel and bladder during surgery.

The Nezhats were also accused of withholding serious complications of new
surgical techniques in published journal articles. A prominent journal later
took the highly unusual step of renouncing two of the Nezhats' articles it had
published.

Initial defense

Stanford initially defended the Nezhats, but as controversy grew theuniversity
ultimately ordered a review. The announcement Wednesday of the suspensions drew
sharp reaction from the Nezhats' supporters and critics.

"I think it's sad," said Dr. Chris Payne, an associate professor of urology at
Stanford. "They are people who've been very tireless in teaching surgery and
have done a lot of good here."

Said Dr. Nicola Spirtos, an outspoken critic of the Nezhats: "I think it's a
shame that Stanford doesn't think that failings in the area of scholarship is
important enough to revoke medical privileges. Is being a physician only about
hand-eye coordination or is part of being a physician being honest and
scholarly?"

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: WHAT THEY FOUND
An independent panel reviewed numerous allegations filed against the Nezhat
brothers, gynecologic surgeons affiliated with Stanford since 1993.
* ALLEGATION: Research fraud and misrepresentations in journal articles.
* FINDING: The panel did not find evidence of research fraud, but it
characterized a 1992 article on a new surgical technique to treat pelvic disease
as "seriously deficient scholarship" after reviewing patient records. The errors
both refuted and confirmed the article's thesis, according to Stanford medical
school dean Dr. Philip Pizzo. Another article published in 1996 was found to be
"imprecise" but it did not misrepresent the data.
* ALLEGATION: The Nezhats performed experimental surgeries on women without
obtaining proper consent. Stanford gynecologic surgeons witnessed the Nezhats
perform either unnecessary or botched surgeries.
* FINDING: The panel declined to release specific details, citing patient
confidentiality. But the panel found nothing to indicate that the Nezhats
provided poor or improper patient care, Pizzo said.

CORRECTION-DATE: December 22, 2001

CORRECTION: SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT (publ. 12/22/01, pg. 2A)
A front-page article Thursday about the Nezhat brothers, gynecologic surgeons
affiliated with Stanford University, incorrectly characterized a portion of an
independent panel's report that led the university to suspend them. Only the
1992 article by the brothers was found to be "seriously deficient" in
scholarship. The other, published in 1996, was characterized as "imprecise" but
did not misrepresent its data.

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: Farr Nezhat
PHOTO: Camran
Nezhat

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 22, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Authentic, or Expert Fake? Due Diligence May Tell

BYLINE: By DAVE KINNEY

SECTION: Section 12; Column 1; Automobiles; COLLECTING; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1251 words


EYEBROWS rose in the collector car world early this year when Christie's
announced that an important Grand Prix racecar from the 1930s -- with the
potential to become the most expensive car ever sold at auction, Christie's said
-- would be offered at the Retromobile exhibition in Paris. Presale publicity
from the auction house set high expectations, anticipating bids from $12 million
to $15 million, which would easily top the $8.7 million price of a Bugatti
Royale sold in 1987.

The racecar was a 12-cylinder Auto Union D-type, one of about 20 built by the
German car company that included Audi. Initial research indicated it was chassis
No. 21, the winner of the 1939 French Grand Prix.

But before the February auction took place, Christie's, working with Audi
Tradition, keeper of the automaker's historic records, determined it was
actually chassis No. 19. That car competed in the 1939 race, but rather than
winning, it finished sixth with Hans Stuck behind the wheel.

Christie's disclosed the findings and withdrew the car from the sale. A
specialist for Christie's, Christopher Sanger, said, ''While we were
disappointed to not publicly sell the D-type because of the provenance, we take
these issues very seriously; fortunately, we got it right.''

That the history of even such a well-researched car could prove wrong points out
the challenges facing buyers of vintage cars. While the Auto Union situation did
not involve any intent to deceive a buyer, increasing values of collector cars
create a temptation for unscrupulous sellers to misrepresent their offerings.

That's where the experts come in.

''This has been a problem for years with racecars and many of the classics,''
says Deane Fehrman of Golden, Colo., an automobile appraiser and a Fellow of the
American Society of Appraisers.

''With racecars, it's tough to tell if what you have is what ran the race,'' Mr.
Fehrman said, referring to the many changes in equipment that can happen over a
racecar's competitive life. Numbers, if used at all, were mostly just internal
ways of keeping inventory, and not identifiers of individual vehicles.

As in the world of fine art, the most elaborate attempts to misrepresent cars
occur where the profit potential is greatest. That was the case with a Ferrari
sold by Lord Brockett, a British collector who got involved in the heady world
of Ferrari sales in the 1980s, when rising prices seemed destined to continue.

Lord Brockett commissioned a reproduction of a Ferrari 250 SWB, or short wheel
base, to be built on the chassis of a far less valuable 250 GTE 2+2, and to hide
the fraud the car was given the serial number of a long-missing 250 SWB. The
legitimate car later turned up; Lord Brockett ended up in jail for a variety of
offenses, including an insurance scheme involving five cars he had cut up and
buried on the family estate. He is now a motivational speaker.

Such forgeries may be getting harder to conceal. Ferrari has recently instituted
a program, Ferrari Certificato di Identificazione, which issues a heritage
certificate. Owners can have details of their cars' originality verified,
including factory options and in many cases, the original owner or seller.

Other automakers are providing help with finding out if a car is what it
purports to be, or at least what it was when it was built. This is particularly
useful for American cars of the 1960s and '70s. The availability of used and
reproduction parts makes it relatively easy for an unscrupulous seller to create
a clone, or replica, muscle car from a more common model -- which is, of course,
exactly what automakers did in making a car like the Pontiac GTO from a Tempest.

Pontiac Historic Services maintains copies of factory records for many of its
early products. It can provide Pontiac owners or prospective buyers with a copy
of the factory invoice or billing history for their specific car as well as a
letter that translates the factory option codes.

For Dodge, Plymouth, Chrysler and De Soto vehicles, the DaimlerChrysler
Corporate Historical Collection in Detroit has information on many individual
cars built between 1930 and 1967. Build information for models stored on I.B.M.
punch cards is available for a fee.

Galen Govier of Prairie du Chien, Wis., can go a step further with Chrysler
cars, specifically those built in the 1960s and 1970s. Mr. Govier is an
authenticator, a car sleuth who makes his living determining the originality of
cars. An appraiser's job, on the other hand, is to place a value on a car based
on information provided by an owner.

''We look at the dashboard V.I.N., the door V.I.N. decal, the fender tag, what
Chrysler calls the body code plate,'' he said, using the abbreviation for the
vehicle identification number. ''Many cars have a build sheet in the springs
under the back seat, but it's not always right.''

If two or more cars were being built with the same interior color at the same
time, there was a possibility of an unintended switch of seat and build sheet.
''One back seat looks just like the other,'' Mr. Govier said. ''You could have
wound up with someone else's. Some cars have two or three build sheets, others
none.''

Mr. Govier suggested another place to look was under the carpets of the car for
an additional build sheet. But finding the paperwork may not clear up all the
mysteries, as errors may have occurred. Mr. Govier said he knew of a handful of
cars where the original codes indicate they were built with one set of options,
but ended up with others.

Owners of 1967-73 Ford, Lincoln or Mercury cars can turn to Kevin Marti of El
Mirage, Ariz., for help. Interest in collecting information came at an early age
to Mr. Marti, who still owns his first car, a 1967 Mercury Cougar that he bought
in 1973.

Many of his clients are not so fortunate. ''I get lots of phone calls that
start, 'When I was a kid, I bought a 1969 Mustang Mach I that I sold a few years
later.' '' After asking questions about the selling dealer, the original color,
the engine and the equipment, Mr. Marti can search records to find the original
serial number of the car to help former owners track down their long-lost loves.

Marti Auto Works is a licensee of Ford Motor, which still retains many of its
records. ''One of the big things we can do is access Ford's records and
accurately decode them to show owners the equipment on their car from new,'' Mr.
Marti said. He estimates that 80 percent to 90 percent of his customers want
information about Mustangs, including Shelby models, because of the ease of
building clones to inflate the value of a plain Jane six-cylinder.

Chevrolet owners are not so lucky, as factory records are not available. Owners
have learned to rely on window stickers and the paper trail provided by the
original owner in the rare case it still exists. Some Corvettes have broadcast
sheets attached to the top of the gas tanks, a production record of the car
without a serial number reference.

Clubs can be helpful as well. Mark Napoli of Palm Bay, Fla., is a judge with the
National Corvette Restorers Society. Part of his job is authenticating what is
and what is not original on 1965 Corvettes.

''We have a judging guide that we go by,'' Mr. Napoli said, ''but sometimes the
guide is a bit off.'' In such cases, the judges must rely on their ability to
tell the real from the reproduction, the add-on from the original. ''Until
someone finds the original records, that's what we go by,'' Mr. Napoli said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: ALSO RAN -- It is an Auto Union D-type, just not the one that
won the French Grand Prix.
CLONE ALERT -- Looks like a Shelby, but may be a base Mustang.
LOOKS THE PART -- What appeared to be a valuable Ferrari 250 SWB was a
counterfeit made from a more common car. (Photo by Christie's)
 (Photo by Barrett-Jackson Auction Company)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              213 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                December 4, 2006

U.S. Bankruptcy Court Case Summaries: December 4, 2006

BYLINE: North Carolina Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 4813 words


Attorneys

Bankruptcy - Rules Violations - Perjury - Suspension - Fees

Where the debtor's attorney has committed perjury, knowingly allowed his client
to commit perjury, and obstructed the trustee in several ways, the attorney has
violated the Rules of Professional Conduct.

Sanctions of $20,000 are assessed against the attorney, payable to the trustee.
The attorney is suspended from practice before this court.

Facts

On July 29, 2004, the debtor sold real property in New York and received
proceeds of $62, 204.83. The debtor tried to hide the proceeds by using over
$40,000 of it as a down-payment on a house in Wilmington on Sep. 23, 2004. The
debtor, his fiancee Terri Yodice, and their child lived in the house, and the
debtor made the mortgage payments, but the house was titled in the name of Ms.
Yodice's mother, Myrtle Carter.

The debtor originally met with the attorney on Jan. 20, 2005. One week later,
the debtor met with Bradford Sanders, then an associate at Butler & Butler,
L.L.P. Mr. Sanders advised the debtor to wait a year after the Wilmington
property transfer before filing a Chapter 13 bankruptcy petition; otherwise, the
transfer would have to be disclosed in the petition. He also said that, if the
trustee asked about the transfer, disclosure would be required.

The debtor's attorney later used the debtor's meeting with Mr. Sanders to allege
a conflict of interest and to ask bankruptcy trustee Butler to recuse himself.

On Jun. 3, 2005, Ms. Carter transferred the Wilmington property to Ms. Yodice
for no consideration.

On Oct. 11, 2005, the debtor saw the attorney again and retained him to file a
Chapter 7 case. The attorney witnessed the debtor misrepresent the sale of the
New York property and failed to take remedial measures. The attorney also
claimed to be unable to produce the documents from the New York closing until
the bankruptcy trustee tracked down the New York closing lawyer on his own.

The attorney also witnessed his client misrepresent the client's interest in the
Wilmington property and took no remedial measures.

Due to the conflict of interest manufactured by the debtor's attorney, the
original Chapter 7 trustee, Mr. Butler, stepped aside, and a new trustee was
appointed. The attorney unsuccessfully sought to have the second trustee, Mr.
Angell, disqualified based on an assertion that Mr. Butler had provided
privileged information to Mr. Angell.

The attorney witnessed his client make false statements before the court about
when the debtor had first consulted the attorney. The attorney failed to take
any remedial measures regarding that falsity.

The attorney himself made a false statement to the court that he had not seen
the debtor prior to the October 2005 consultation.

The attorney obstructed the trustee's investigation of the debtor's financial
affairs. Besides failing to assist the debtor in producing necessary documents,
the attorney declared that he was representing Ms. Yodice and Ms. Carter, and he
prevented the trustee from speaking directly to them. The attorney said he was
representing these women for a limited time to assist in the production of
documents; however, his representation of the women effectively acted as a
shield against the trustee's investigation in this case.

When the trustee sought production of documents and to question Ms. Yodice and
Ms. Carter, the attorney converted the case to Chapter 13, attempting to avoid
the examinations and production of documents.

The court later found that the conversion had been in bad faith. The case was
reconverted to Chapter 7.

The Chapter 7 trustee later subpoenaed the attorney's records. The attorney
failed to fully comply with the subpoena, and he made false statements under
oath.

A notebook the attorney brought into court included an in-take document
regarding the Jan. 20, 2005 consultation between the attorney and the debtor.
This document had not been produced pursuant to the subpoena, as it should have
been. When the trustee revealed this document to the court, the attorney said,
"Your honor, it's an oversight. The second intake he's talking about is when
[the debtor] decided to convert to 13. " That statement was a mis-
characterization, as the document relates to the Jan. 20, 2005 consultation, in
complete contradiction to the testimony of both the attorney and the debtor that
their first consultation occurred in October 2005.

The attorney also failed to produce a number of other documents responsive to
the trustee's subpoena.

The trustee subpoenaed the attorney's paralegal, Mary Tatum. The attorney
represented to the court and presented an affidavit from Ms. Tatum to the effect
that she had met the debtor once, she knew nothing about his case, and it would
be an undue burden for her to miss work to appear in court. The court required
Ms. Tatum to appear.

She testified to her many meetings with the debtor and her significant
involvement in his case. Moreover, after her testimony, Ms. Tatum remained in
the courtroom for the rest of the day.

Analysis

The attorney violated Rule 3.3 of the Rules of Professional Conduct by perjuring
himself, allowing his client to perjure himself, and engaging in conduct to
circumvent the disclosure of a fraudulent transfer.

The attorney also violated Rule 1.7 of the Rules of Professional Conduct by
representing Ms. Yodice and Ms. Carter while he was representing the debtor. As
the debtor's attorney, he had a responsibility to assist the debtor in
performing his duties under the Bankruptcy Code and cooperating with the trustee
in the performance of the trustee's duties. The attorney's representation of Ms.
Yodice and Ms. Carter effectively operated as a blockade against the production
and examination of documents related to the financial affairs of the debtor,
namely the transfer of proceeds from the sale of the New York property towards
the purchase of the Wilmington property.

The attorney asserted that he only represented Ms. Yodice and Ms. Carter for a
limited time to facilitate the production of documents, but the attorney did
everything in his power to prevent production. It was not lawful to represent
these three individuals in an effort to shield the disclosure of a fraudulent
transfer.

Instead of instructing his client to surrender property of the estate, surrender
records relating to property of the estate, and cooperate with the trustee in
fulfilling the trustee's duties, the attorney made the trustee the enemy. The
attorney sought to disqualify certain trustees based on a manufactured conflict
of interest that he created when he sent his client to Mr. Sanders for a
consultation.

The attorney and the debtor made false statements to the court that were
material to the Wilmington transfer and whether the attorney and the debtor had
taken actions to circumvent disclosure of that transfer. The attorney took no
remedial actions to correct those falsities. When the trustee sought to
investigate the transfer, the trustee was forced to track down the closing
lawyer in New York in order to obtain closing documents.

Moreover, when the trustee sought to obtain information from Ms. Yodice and Ms.
Carter about the transfer, the attorney said that he was representing them and
that the trustee could not speak to them directly. The attorney employed tactics
to prevent the trustee from obtaining information from Ms. Yodice and Ms.
Carter, including the conversion of the case to Chapter 13. Once the case was
reconverted for bad faith, the attorney sought to prevent his client from having
to attend the Sec. 341 meeting.

The trustee has been forced to expend estate resources in pursuing the debtor's
cooperation in this matter, and the quest for information has been a constant
battle for the trustee. The court finds that the attorney unreasonably
multiplied the activity in this case by shielding the debtor, Ms. Yodice, and
Ms. Carter's from the trustee's pursuit of information that was necessary for
administering the estate.

The Chapter 7 trustee has itemized legal fees totaling $39,277.69 that he has
expended in an effort to administer the debtor's estate. The court finds that a
monetary sanction against the debtor's attorney in the amount of $20,000
represents a fair apportionment of those fees based on the attorney's
intentional and vexatious actions to thwart the trustee's ability to effectively
administer the case.

The court can no longer deal with issues related to this attorney on a
case-by-case basis and ignore the larger picture: the rights of persons who seek
equitable relief from this court are being lost and compromised by the unethical
conduct of an attorney who holds himself out as an expert in this area of
practice. The attorney is suspended from practice before the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina.

In re Mugno. (Lawyers Weekly No. 06-05-1192, 44 pp.) (J. Rich Leonard, J. -
Order) E.B.N.C.

Bankruptcy

Dental Practice - 'Health Care Business' - Patient Care Ombudsman - No Active
Patients

Where the debtor does not qualify as a health care business under the Bankruptcy
Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act, and where the debtor is in any
event defunct with no active patients or funds to pay an ombudsman, the court
declines to appoint a patient care ombudsman.

Motion denied.

11 U.S.C. 101(27A) defines a "health care business" as "(A) ... any public or
private entity (without regard to whether that entity is organized for profit or
not for profit) that is primarily engaged in offering to the general public
facilities and services for-(i) the diagnosis or treatment of injury, deformity,
or disease; and (ii) surgical, drug treatment, psychiatric, or obstetric care;
and (B) includes-(i) any-(I) general or specialized hospital; (II) ancillary
ambulatory, emergency, or surgical treatment facility; (III) hospice; (IV) home
health agency; and (V) other health care institution that is similar to an
entity referred to in subclause (I), (II), (III), or (IV); and (ii) any
long-term care facility.... "

This court holds that a dental practice was not intended to be included within
this definition.

A result of applying the conjunctive "and", as it is written in the plain
language of the statute, would be to restrict the definition of health care
business so that not every health care provider's bankruptcy would require the
appointment of a health care ombudsman. There is no indication that Congress did
not intend this result, nor is it an absurd outcome. Therefore, the conjunctive
"and" must be read into the statute as it is plainly written.

A dental practice may meet the provisions of sections (A)(i) and (A)(ii) if it
treats injury and disease and provides surgical treatment and is generally
accessible to members of the public seeking dental care. The Bankruptcy
Administrator represented that the debtor is involved in a specialty that
involves surgical treatment, which would likely bring it under the definition of
Sec. 101(27A)(A).

The debtor's dental practice must also fit within the categories of health care
businesses described in Sec. 101(27A)(B)(i)(I)-(V) or (B)(ii)(I)-(VI) to be
considered a health care business. The word "includes" after subsection B
indicates that health care business other than those listed may be brought under
the umbrella of the definition. However, the types of businesses listed are all
of such a similar nature in that they provide both housing and treatment, that
it is difficult to imagine that the legislature would have intended a business
that is so fundamentally different, such as an outpatient dental practice, to be
read into the definition. The debtor's dental practices does not provide
patients with shelter and sustenance in addition to medical treatment and is
plainly not within the range of health care businesses anticipated by the
statute.

Moreover, the debtor is no longer engaged in the practice of dentistry and thus
would not require a patient care ombudsman. Congress was concerned with
appointing patient care ombudsmen in cases where health care businesses seeking
bankruptcy protection are currently engaged in the ongoing care of patients.

The debtor here has ceased operations and dissolved its corporate identity.
Patient records have been made accessible to the debtor's former patients, and
those records that have not been reclaimed are being kept securely for the
amount of time required under N.C. law. Furthermore, the debtor has contacted
the proper N.C. dental licensing authorities to take the appropriate measures to
close her practice. Finally, the debtor's estate has no assets with which to pay
an ombudsman. This court would hold that a patient care ombudsman is unnecessary
if it were to find that the debtor is a health care business under Sec.
101(27A), which it has not.

Motion denied.

In re Banes. (Lawyers Weekly No. 06-05-1191, 6 pp.) (Catharine R. Carruthers, J.
- Order & Opinion) M.B.N.C.

Homeowners Insurance - Fire - Proceeds - Estate Property - Contractor

Even though the defendant-contractor rebuilt the debtors' house after it was
destroyed by fire, the contractor is not entitled to the imposition of a trust
on the debtors' homeowners' insurance proceeds.

Partial summary judgment for the plaintiff-trustee.

This court lifted the automatic stay to allow the defendant-mortgagee to
foreclose on the newly reconstructed home. The contractor, who had a junior lien
on the home, bought it at foreclosure and later sold it for more than his claim.
The contractor seeks the imposition of a trust in his favor on the insurance
proceeds paid due to the fire.

However, there is no indication that the insurer viewed the contractor as a
beneficiary of a trust. The insurer issued the proceeds in a check payable to
the mortgagee, the debtors, and their attorney based on the mortgage clause
provisions of the debtors' homeowners' policy. The check the insurer issued
post-construction was made payable jointly to the debtors and the mortgagee,
with no mention of the contractor as a beneficiary or otherwise.

The terms of an insurance account disbursement agreement reflect the mortgagee's
intention to protect its interest in the insurance proceeds after its collateral
was destroyed by fire. Nothing in this letter agreement demonstrates an
intention to create legal rights in the insurance proceeds in addition to the
mortgagee's rights, whether superior or inferior to those rights.

The terms of the insurance account disbursement agreement are predicated on the
debtors' maintaining their loan with the mortgagee in good standing. The debtors
retained the right to direct to whom payments were made payable and where those
payments would be mailed. Further, the insurance account disbursement agreement
states that checks would not be made payable to the contractor. Because any
disbursement was subject to the debtors' change in instructions to the
mortgagee, the funds held by the mortgagee were not subject to an express trust
in favor of the contractor.

Nor is the contractor entitled to imposition of a constructive trust. The
insurance proceeds check did not arise from any fraud, deceit, undue influence,
or wrongdoing on the part of the insurer or the debtors. Likewise, there was no
fraud, deceit, undue influence, or wrongdoing at the time of the conveyance of
funds from the insurer to the mortgagee. The contractor did not plead that he
had a confidential relationship with the insurer, the mortgagee or the debtors.
In the absence of fraud or a confidential relationship, the court cannot find
that the contractor is entitled to a constructive trust in the insurance
proceeds.

The court concludes that the insurance proceeds are property of the debtors'
bankruptcy estate pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 541. Pre-petition insurance policies and
proceeds from those policies are indisputably property of the debtor's estate.
Neither actual possession nor constructive possession of insurance proceeds is
required to bring this property within the definition of Sec. 541.

N.C. law holds that a fire insurance policy is a personal contract, and the
proceeds payable when the insured property is destroyed flow from that contract.
Insurance proceeds are property of the debtor's estate subject to the contract
rights of the mortgagee. Judgment creditors or other non-consensual lien holders
have no interest in insurance proceeds unless they are named in the policy.

The insurance proceeds flowed from a pre-petition contract for insurance as a
result of the pre-petition loss. As such, they are property of the estate within
the meaning of Sec. 541(a)(1). The contractor was not named as a loss payee on
the policy. As the holder of a non-consensual lien who was not named in the
policy, the contractor has no security interest in the proceeds.

Likewise, insurance proceeds held by the mortgagee are property of the debtors'
estate. The mortgagee required the debtors to insure their real property
pursuant to a deed of trust; therefore, the mortgagee held an interest in any
insurance proceeds on its collateral. The mortgagee's security interest extended
to the insurance proceeds relative to the loss to the extent of the debtors'
obligation to the mortgagee. On the petition date, the mortgagee held insurance
proceeds, and these funds remained subject to the mortgagee's security interest.
After the mortgagee foreclosed on the debtors' residence and its security
interest was extinguished, the proceeds held by the mortgagee were no longer
subject to any encumbrance. But in either event, those proceeds constitute
estate property.

Any claim the contractor may be entitled to is unsecured. There is a material
question as to the value of the property subsequent to entry of the valuation
order; hence, the court does not reach the question of the amount of the
contractor's claim. Because the mortgagee's foreclosure wiped out liens junior
to the mortgagee's, including the contractor's, the contractor's unsecured claim
cannot include interest and attorney's fees subsequent to the date of
foreclosure.

Motion granted in part.

Ward v. Unitrin Direct Property & Casualty Co. (In re Stafford). (Lawyers Weekly
No. 06-05-1190, 12 pp.) (J. Craig Whitley, J. - Order) W.B.N.C.

Civil Practice - Res Judicata - Collateral Estoppel - Unfair Trade Practices -
Default Judgment - Dischargeability

Even though the plaintiff-creditor got a default judgment against the defendant-
debtor in state court on his unfair trade practices claim, collateral estoppel
bars the debtor from contesting the elements of nondischargeability that are
necessarily part of an unfair trade practices claim.

Defendant Donia Smith's motion to dismiss is granted. The creditor's summary
judgment is granted in part and denied in part.

Background

Defendant Curtis Smith contracted to build a garage and sun room for the
plaintiff- creditor. The local building inspector found several deficiencies,
and the creditor asked the defendant to complete the improvements and bring them
up to code. The defendant failed to do so, and the creditor hired another
contractor to correct the defects and complete the projects.

The creditor sued the defendant and his wife in state court for breach of
contract and unfair trade practices. The creditor obtained a default judgment in
the amount of $99,684.75. The creditor seeks a ruling that his judgment against
the debtors is nondischargeable.

Motion to Dismiss

Even though the complaint repeatedly alleges that the creditor contracted with
both debtors, that allegation is contradicted by the two contracts attached to
the complaint, which show that only defendant Mr. Smith signed them. Since the
only allegations in the complaint against defendant Mrs. Smith were that she
contracted with the creditor and improperly constructed the garage and sunroom,
the creditor did not state a claim against her under 11 U.S.C. 523. The creditor
has 20 days to file an amended complaint.

The creditor need not allege actual fraud by defendant Mr. Smith (the
defendant). Section 523(a)(2)(A) provides that if the debtor obtained money,
property, services, or an extension, renewal, or refinancing of credit by "false
pretenses, a false representation, or actual fraud," then the debt is
nondischargeable. The complaint clearly alleges that the defendant made false
representations to the creditor concerning his expertise and abilities, the
actual cost to build the garage and sunroom, the applicable permits and
licenses, and the applicable building codes. The complaint also alleges false
pretenses regarding the defendant's experience, expertise, and ability to make
needed repairs. These allegations are sufficiently specific to state a claim
against the defendant under Sec. 523(a)(2)(A).

Summary Judgment

The defendant moves for summary judgment in his favor. The creditor's affidavit
states that the defendant told the creditor he knew the state building codes and
licensing requirements and would comply with the same when he built the garage
and sunroom. The affidavit also indicates that the creditor relied on the
defendant's statements. There is ample evidence in the record to suggest that
such statements were false; if so, they do not constitute mere puffery. The
defendant presented no evidence to contradict evidence presented by the
creditor. Moreover, there are numerous material facts in controversy that
prevent the grant of summary judgment for the defendant.

The creditor seeks summary judgment on grounds of res judicata and collateral
estoppel.

For res judicata to apply, there must have been a prior adjudication on the
merits of an action involving the same parties and issues as the action in which
the defense of res judicata is asserted.

The state court default judgment is a final judgment on the merits. The parties
are the same in both the state court action and this adversary proceeding.

In the state court action, the creditor sued the defendant for breach of
contract and for unfair trade practices under the Unfair Trade Practices Act
(UTPA). In this adversary proceeding, the creditor seeks a determination that
the defendant's debt to him is nondischargeable under 11 U.S.C. 523(a)(2)(A) and
(a)(6). These causes of action cannot be construed to be the same for purposes
of res judicata.

Section 523(a)(6) requires a showing that the defendant willfully and
maliciously caused injury to the plaintiff or his property, which includes a
showing that the defendant intended to cause the injury. No such showings are
required for a UTPA violation.

Section 523(a)(2)(A) requires a showing that the defendant obtained money,
property, services, or an extension, renewal, or refinancing of credit by false
pretenses, a false representation, or actual fraud. It requires the plaintiff to
show that the defendant made a representation, that he knew it was false, that
he intended to deceive the plaintiff, that the plaintiff relied upon the
misrepresentation, and that the proximate result was a loss or damage suffered
by the plaintiff. No such showings are required for a UTPA violation.

A party asserting collateral estoppel is required to show that (1) the issues
are the same as those involved in the prior action, (2) the issues were raised
and actually litigated in the prior action, (3) the issues were material and
relevant to the disposition of the prior action, and (4) the determination of
the issues in the prior action was necessary and essential to the resulting
judgment.

To determine if collateral estoppel applies, this court must examine the
findings and conclusions of the state court and compare them with the Sec.
523(a)(2)(A) and (a)(6) issues that must be determined in this adversary
proceeding.

Section 523(a)(6) requires a creditor to first show that he has a property
interest that was capable of injury and that the property interest was actually
injured. Here, the property interest that was injured was the additional
$33,228.25 that the creditor spent to repair construction defects and to
complete the work on the garage and sunroom. The defendant is collaterally
estopped from relitigating this issue.

Section 523(a)(6) also requires a creditor to show that the debtor's conduct in
injuring his property was both willful and malicious. This element requires a
showing that the debtor deliberately or intentionally acted in knowing disregard
of the creditor's rights. The record of the state court proceedings does not
establish that the defendant acted with the knowledge that his actions were
certain or substantially certain to cause injury to the creditor. Collateral
estoppel will not apply to this element of Sec. 523(a)(6).

Section 523(a)(2)(A) requires a creditor to show that (1) the debtor made a
representation, (2) the representation was known to be false at the time it was
made, (3) such representation was made with the intent to deceive, (4) the
creditor relied on the representation, and (5) the creditor sustained loss or
damage as a proximate result of such false representation.

The record establishes that the debtor made certain representations. The
defendant advertised his expertise in constructing garages and sunrooms and held
himself out as an experienced contractor. He represented to the creditor that
garages and sunrooms were within his expertise. The defendant told the creditor
that he would remedy the construction problems that were noted by the building
inspector. He also represented to the creditor that the projects were going well
and that he was following all building permit requirements. The defendant is
collaterally estopped from denying that he made such representations to the
creditor.

The state court record does not establish the second and third elements of Sec.
523(a)(2)(A). There has been no showing that the defendant's representations
were known to be false at the time they were made, nor has there been a showing
that they were made with the intent to deceive the creditor.

The state court record establishes the fourth element of Sec. 523(a)(2)(A). One
of the allegations in the state court complaint, incorporated into the default
judgment, was that the "acts of the defendants ... deceived[d] the plaintiff. "
Such a finding necessarily includes a finding that the creditor relied on the
defendant's representations.

The state court record establishes that the creditor was injured by having to
spend an additional $33,228.25 to repair construction defects and to complete
the work on the garage and sunroom. Although the record establishes that at
least some of the defendant's representations were false, the record falls short
of establishing that the additional $33,228.25 was spent by the creditor as a
proximate result of such false representations.

The defendant is collaterally estopped from relitigating the first element of
the creditor's Sec. 523(a)(6) claim and the first and fourth elements of the
creditor's Sec. 523(a)(2)(A) claim. Collateral estoppel does not apply to any of
the other elements of these two claims.

Motions granted in part, denied in part.

Bennett v. Smith. (Lawyers Weekly No. 06-05-1187, 35 pp.) (Thomas W. Waldrep
Jr., J. - Order & Memorandum Opinion) M.B.N.C.

Automatic Stay - Fifth Petition - Mortgages - Good Faith - Insufficient Showing

Where the debtors had two prior bankruptcy cases dismissed within the year
preceding this fifth and current bankruptcy case, the automatic stay did not
arise in the present case pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 362(c)(4)(A).

The debtors' motion requesting that the court impose the automatic stay is
denied.

Where the mortgagee had filed a motion for relief from stay that was pending as
of the date of dismissal in the two cases that were pending within the previous
year, there is a presumption that the debtors did not file in good faith as to
the mortgagee. The debtors have not rebutted this presumption by clear and
convincing evidence.

Since their last case, the debtors have neither attempted to remit mortgage
payments to the mortgagee nor set such mortgage payments aside in anticipation
of attempting to cure the arrearage through a Chapter 13 plan.

In addition, the debtors' schedules do not support a finding that their proposed
plan is feasible. They listed income of $2230.26 and expenses-not including
their mortgage payment- of $1137, leaving only $1093.26 with which to pay
monthly plan payments of $1350. It is questionable whether a plan payment of
$1350 will even be sufficient to pay the ongoing mortgage payment of $840, the
arrearage claim of over $30,000, and administrative expenses.

Also, the debtors filed their fourth case within 180 days of their third case,
in direct violation of the dismissal order. Although the fourth case was
dismissed less than two months after it was filed, its pendency prejudiced the
mortgagee's ability to complete its foreclosure proceedings during the 180-day
bar period.

Motion denied.

In re Jones. (Lawyers Weekly No. 06-05-1186, 5 pp.) (Catharine R. Carruthers, J.
- Order) M.B.N.C.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 10, 1992, Tuesday, City Edition

"J.F.K." lies don't belong in school

BYLINE: David Belin

SECTION: EDITORIAL; COLUMNS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 638 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES



Former Chief Justice Earl Warren, one of the great Americans of this century, is
being honored this week by the issuance of a new postage stamp. At one time he
was best known for his leadership in breaking down the barriers of
discrimination through the landmark decision of Brown vs. Board of Education.
But today America's young people know him best as he is portrayed in the Warner
Brothers film J.F.K.: as a liar, an incompetent and as someone who participated
in a coverup of the truth about the assassination of President Kennedy.

    What far right-wing extremists tried to persuade a majority of Americans to
believe in the 1960s with their "Impeach Earl Warren" billboards, Hollywood has
been able to achieve in the 1990s in its impeachment of the integrity of a great
chief justice.

    Warren is not the only victim. The Kennedy assassination is called a "coup
d'etat," a "public execution" by elements of the CIA and the Department of
Defense, while President Lyndon B. Johnson is called an accessory after the fact
in other words, a murderer.

    When the film not only alleges conspiracy but names the guilty parties, it
goes beyond artistic license and crosses the threshold of slander and character
assassination a 1990s version of McCarthyism.

    As if telling these lies were not enough, Warner Brothers has now gone one
step further and has helped fund the mailing of 13,000 copies of a "J.F.K. Study
Guide" to high school social studies and college history departments. The text
supposedly has been "approved" by Warner Brothers and is accompanied by a film
poster and a two-page exercise sheet. All of this is in the context of a film
that professes to speak the truth.

    "Dedicated to the young, in whose spirit the search for the truth marches
on" declares the film at the end.

    In fact, to incorporate J.F.K. in any school curriculum misrepresents the
truth the same way that J.F.K. producer and screenplay co-author Oliver Stone
misrepresents the most important facts in speaking and writing about the
assassination.

    In a recent letter to New York Magazine, Stone used the 1979 report of the
House Select Committee on Assassinations as a primary "consensus" authority for
his attacks on the Warren Commission. But he covered up the fact that the
panel's ultimate conclusion was that "Lee Harvey Oswald fired three shots at
President John F. Kennedy." Two shots hit and one shot missed.  That's what the
Warren Commission found. J.F.K. claims the shot that killed Kennedy was fired
from the front. The House committee's report directly contradicts this,
concluding "that President Kennedy was struck by two, and only two, bullets,
each of which entered from the rear."

    Will these findings be in the J.F.K. study guide?

    Perhaps the ultimate irony in J.F.K. is the proclamation of Kevin Costner as
he portrays New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison.: "Hitler said, the
bigger the lie, the more people will believe it." Warner Bros., Stone and
Costner are proving that to be true, making millions of dollars along the way.

    Furthermore, they want to spread the misinformation of J.F.K.  into our
public schools, in effect brainwashing students through the power of a
commercial film and rewriting history the Hollywood way.

    And for this the film has received eight Academy Award nominations. For
Hollywood to give any Academy Award to this massive misrepresentation of truth
and character assassination of Warren would be vivid evidence of the depths to
which Hollywood's standards of integrity, truth and justice have fallen.
  David Belin, former counsel to the Warren Commission, in 1975 filed requests
under the Freedom of Information Act for all commission and CIA documents.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              215 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

'Photographer Photoshops image' shock

BYLINE: Bob Garfieldguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 894 words

ABSTRACT

Bob Garfield: The Sacramento Bee newspaper has fired a man for editing a nature
image. Don't all journalists alter reality?

FULL TEXT

All of us media consumers should applaud the management of the Sacramento Bee,
which this weekend courageously fired photographer Bryan Patrick for high crimes
against journalism. Patrick, or as he shall forever be known, the Great Satan,
actually deserved far worse.

It's difficult to believe that as recently as Friday, the fiend was merely
suspended without pay, only a day later to be dismissed permanently. Let us only
hope that losing his livelihood is merely another prelude. A prison sentence
would serve nicely, followed by stoning. This would be carried out by his peers,
the Pure, if they can stomach the sight of him long enough to pelt him back into
his lower world.

Did not Patrick, after all, digitally combine two photos of two egrets and a
frog? Yes, it's true. His camera caught two images in a local estuary of a snowy
egret and a great egret trying to chow down. In one, the great egret has
something in its beak - a steamed Ipswich clam or a lovely smoked oyster or a
Gummi bear, it's hard to make out. Meanwhile, the snowy egret is making a grab
for the same morsel. It's a danse macabre, and they're dancing beak to beak. In
a second image, shot an instant earlier or later, the snowy egret is seen gazing
indifferently at the water, most likely contemplating journalism ethics. But
here's the thing: in that photograph, the food item is revealed not to be a
Gummi bear at all but a little frog, its froggy legs extended in mid-wriggle.

What Patrick did was combine the images so that the frog could be visibly a frog
in the same image as the egrets in a kerfuffle over lunch. In short, he altered
reality! So let him suffer the fate of the frog! Here's what the Bee editors had
to say:

The Bee's ethics policy strictly forbids such manipulation of documentary
photographs. It is considered a violation of our core values, as it
misrepresents the accuracy of the event. When we alter a photograph for
illustrative purposes, we disclose that at the time of publication. The
photographer has been suspended pending investigation. The Bee regrets the
publication of this photograph and apologises to our readers.

The Bee, ahem, egrets the error. So did Sean Elliot, the president of the
National Press Photographers Association (NPPA). "If this photographer in
Sacramento can diddle around with a photograph of an egret," he told the Poynter
Institute, "how can I know that any photograph I look at is trustworthy? It
feels like a betrayal ... It violates a feeling of trust I think we have with
all of our members."

Elliot was on to something. Further investigation revealed that the Great Satan
was a serial Photoshopper, once digitally removing a shadow in a sunflower field
and replacing it with a sunflower, another time manipulating small wildfire
flames to look like ever-so-less-small wildfire flames. So he was summarily
sacked. For, after all, in violation of all that is sacred, had he not
deliberately misled the reader by manipulating the image to suit his narrative
purposes? Yes, he certainly had.

Exactly like every press photographer does at every newspaper every day and
always has. Every photo cropped to eliminate extraneous imagery and every single
shot selected from a roll of 24 deliberately portrays time and space to suit a
narrative. So does photo processing, depth of field and aperture selection -
none of which is neutral. For that matter, every snap represents the
photographer's choice to focus on what he or she is focusing on. Manipulation,
editing, selective reality: it is the essence of photography. That's what they
give out the prizes for (plus luck).

Oh, and if Photoshopping photographers should be stoned to death, print and
broadcast reporters should be genetically culled from the species. We
compulsively manipulate reality. Are you aware that people don't speak in handy
two-sentence bursts of clarity? Did you know that folks say "um" a lot? Did you
know that they are not psychic, and therefore do not deliver their thoughts in a
sequence anticipating our reports, forcing us to reproduce those miraculously
concise, um-less quotations out of their natural order? Sometimes, the worst
among us even pluck words out of context, making the banal seem sinister and
vice versa. Go to the news section of this paper. I promise you: every single
article has been Photoshopped.

So let's go back to the loathsome Patrick. In this photographic fraud, were
these egrets present together? Yes. Did they fight over a frog? Yes. Was the
frog in question the one used in the ultimate image? Yes. Therefore, did he
misrepresent the story, or did he perhaps just make it clearer?

The Bee and the NPPA argue this all boils down to a question of trust.
Precisely. Writing and photography are powerful weapons issued to journalists,
like Ian Fleming's HM secret service-issued double Os. We have the license to
eliminate verbatim. The difference between good journalists and bad journalists
is how effectively and judiciously we kill. Obviously, it's hard to fault a news
organisation for placing a premium on trust. The Pure Ones, however, should give
some thought to where they are in the food chain. Today the egret, tomorrow the
frog.

· Follow Comment is free on Twitter @commentisfree

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 25, 2015 Friday

Richmond: Petition drive put spotlight on industry with little oversight

BYLINE: By Karina Ioffee kioffee@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; My Town; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1285 words


RICHMOND -- When they first came into existence a century ago, citizen
initiatives and referendums were intended as a way for people to enact new laws
or repeal existing statutes they believed were unfair.

Today, they are just as likely to be used by lobbying groups that hire workers
to collect signatures, a loosely regulated cottage industry in which contractors
face few consequences if they misrepresent an issue -- and that critics worry is
eroding citizens' ability to challenge special interests.

The issue, which several state legislators tried to tackle unsuccessfully in
recent years, was highlighted in the East Bay in August when paid petition
gatherers -- including people flown in from out of state -- canvassed Richmond
in a blitz effort to overturn a landmark rent control ordinance passed by the
City Council. The circulators succeeded by turning in more than 7,000
signatures, enough to suspend the ordinance, muting a short-lived victory for
affordable-housing advocates. The City Council later repealed it.

Campaign criticized

The campaign, funded by the California Apartment Association, was widely
criticized for misleading voters by characterizing the effort as "pro renter"
and for paying workers as much as $12 per signature, about six times the usual
rate.

"I don't think when Californians first adopted the initiative process, people
thought it would become a huge commercialized industry," said Kathay Feng,
executive director of the government accountability group California Common
Cause. "It was a way to take power back when railroad barons and big banks
controlled every arm of government in the early 20th century."

But starting in the 1970s, well-heeled special interests realized they could
pass laws that circumvented the Legislature, and the initiative and referendum
became the tool of Big Money, Feng said.

Efforts to add more oversight of the pay-per-signature industry in California
have been largely unsuccessful. One bill, sponsored by former Assemblyman Paul
Fong, D-Mountain View, in 2013, would have required petitions to disclose an
initiative's top donors, while another, authored by former state Sen. Ellen
Corbett, D-Hayward, would have made it a misdemeanor for a person to be paid
based on the number of signatures collected, which some worry incentivizes
gatherers to lie.

"In my own experience being approached and asked to sign, I noticed that the
story the collector told would change," Corbett said. "The gatherers are
motivated to get as many signatures as possible, which unfortunately can impact
the integrity of the process."

Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed both bills, arguing that the new requirements would do
more harm than good.

"The pay-per-signature payment is often the most cost-effective method for
collecting the hundreds of thousands of signatures needed to qualify a ballot
measure," Brown wrote in vetoing Corbett's bill. "Eliminating this option will
drive up the cost of circulating ballot measures, thereby further favoring the
wealthiest interests."

Brown also said it was not practical to include contributor information on
petitions as signatures were gathered.

Other efforts, including requiring petition circulators to be California
residents, wear identification and for firms to review petitions with each
worker, have also been vetoed by Brown despite enjoying wide support from both
houses of the Legislature.

In vetoing another bill, Brown said he wasn't convinced new regulations, fees
and potential fines on those who pay people to gather signatures were necessary
or would improve the initiative process.

Figuring out the financial backers of an initiative can be challenging.
Richmond's anti-rent control campaign was funded by the California Apartment
Association, an industry group that advocates on behalf of landlords in the
state. But the work was done by contract workers hired by two petition firms,
which in turn were hired by a political consultant in Tulare County -- Olson &
Associates -- known for its roster of Republican clients. Richmond residents
were unaware of the source behind the drive until the CAA had succeeded in
collecting the needed signatures.

"If this petition were circulated by volunteers, people who believe in what they
are doing, I could respect that as part of democracy in action," Mike Parker, a
member of the Richmond Progressive Alliance and rent control supporter, said
this fall. "But the fact that increasingly our referendum and initiative process
belongs mainly to folks who consider $50,000 chump change should be of concern
to everyone."

One of the signature gatherers working on the campaign to repeal rent control
was 57-year-old James Cash, a Richmond resident who learned about the job from a
friend. Cash attended an orientation at a local mall during which a supervisor
briefly spoke about the various initiatives he would be working.

"A guy gave us a little speech and told us it was for rent control," Cash
recalled. "There was no other training."

It was only later, he said, when he understood that the initiative would
actually repeal rent control, enabling landlords to charge whatever the market
will bear. Eileen Ray, owner of Discovery Management, a signature-gathering
company based in Sacramento, said all workers were given talking points that
explained the issues.

"There is no way that any petition company would tell its contractors to lie,"
Ray said. "That's against the law."

At least six petition gatherers interviewed for this story said that they
weren't fully compensated for all signatures they collected, even ones verified
with a smartphone app to make sure those signing were registered. Ray said
petition gatherers were paid for all valid signatures.

Scott Konapasek, assistant registrar of voters for Contra Costa County, said his
office heard "grumbling" about perceived inconsistencies over how Richmond's
rent control petition effort was carried out but said he did not believe they
had any merit.

"If someone didn't read it and just signed it, that's their fault," Konapasek
said. "The petition process is a political process, and people misrepresent
things for political purposes all the time. That's not a crime."

'Spreading lies'

Complaints about voter fraud -- including vote buying, voter intimidation,
ballot forgery and voting by people who are ineligible -- can be made to the
city clerk's office, which is considered the election official for a city. The
secretary of state also offers a telephone hotline where residents can leave a
message detailing the nature of their complaint, which, if deemed valid, is
referred to the relevant district attorney's office or the state attorney
general. But statements that misrepresent an issue are not considered a crime.

Last year, circulators working on a petition to give Waste Management exclusive
rights to haul Oakland's garbage and recycling were criticized for
misrepresenting the proposed initiative by saying a competing plan by the city
would raise rates and threatening and yelling at residents who challenged them.
A statewide initiative by venture capitalist Tim Draper to divide California
into six states also came under fire after some petition circulators said it
would keep the state intact, confusing voters who didn't read the petitions
closely.

"The First Amendment protects a lot of aspects of the initiative process, but I
don't think it protects signature gatherers from spreading lies," said Feng, of
Common Cause. "But the courts are a little nervous about stepping in because
what's a sales job and what's an outright lie? It's a question of whether the
Legislature has the guts to rein in the problem by drawing a line in the sand by
defining what is a misleading statement or what's not."

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                  May 22, 2013

Humble Tsvangirai, I Presume? [column]

BYLINE: Caesar Zvayi

LENGTH: 834 words


Today Please Call Me Humble Caesar Zvayi, I Am Really, Really Desperate to Be
Humble. for a Humble Life Is What I Have Been Trying to Build Since the Day I
Earned My First Salary but Alas, I Didn't Know What Such a Life Entails Till I
Heard It From the Lips of Our Prime Minister, the "Humble" Right Honourable
Morgan Richard Tsvangirai.

The man lives a "humble" life in a US$4,5million mansion in Harare's posh
Highlands suburb. It is such a humble existence that having bought the house for
US$790 000, that is three quarters of a million US dollars, his humility
demanded that it be renovated at a cost of US$1,5million of which he reportedly
took a whopping US$3million, US$1,5million apiece from the central bank and
treasury, which is why the house is today valued at US$4,5million.

Of the US$3million, US$1,5 went to renovations while the other US$1,5million no
one knows but with reports the man became a legend of all kinds of seas, you can
hazard a guess.

It is such a humble existence that a string of women last year fought over Mr
Tsvangirai for his athletic build and gorgeous, drop dead looks, with one of
them revealing that the man had paid US$36 000 "damages" for her without batting
an eyelid, while another told of a jet-set life of boat cruises and seven star
hotels.

In fact, it is such a frugal existence that Tsvangirai could afford to buy his
first wife out of a marriage with a lump sum payment of US$300 000 and an
undisclosed monthly maintenance plan, all so he could be left to enjoy life with
his second wife in peace. I REITERATE, in peace.

Who wouldn't want such a humble lifestyle? One with enough money to buy one self
out of a marriage? A humble life that enables one to fly all of 18 hours to New
York for a family get together that could have been held back in Humanikwa
Village, but humbleness required lording it for a week in a US$5000 a night
suite at the plush Waldorf Astoria Hotel in Manhattan that is normally
monopolised by Sheiks and Emirs rolling in oil dollars.

Please call me Humble Zvayi, maybe, just maybe, I may live such a humble life!

But what is my point?

My point is what Tsvangirai says and what he does are as different as day and
night.

The other day the man, who has been clamouring for so-called media reforms, and
who on the occasion of World Press Freedom Day earlier this month waxed lyrical
about his commitment to Press freedom, media plurality etc, was busy threatening
unspecified action against journalists who see him as an ugly duckling not the
handsome swan the women who fought for him took him to be.

Journalists do not have to hold a contrary opinion. It is illegal in
Tsvangirai's book. I am one of those journalists who were put on western
sanctions at the instigation of Tsvangirai's party as I stood accused of
"closing democratic space" whatever that means. It did not dawn on Tsvangirai
that in having me on sanctions, his handlers were also closing my democratic
space.

Today the man talks media reforms but is deathly silent on the pirate stations
his handlers set up in a bid to prop his political fortunes, that waned
regardless. He talks of the full implementation of the GPA but conveniently
forgets that the major outstanding issue to the full implementation of that GPA
are the illegal sanctions regimes he grovelled for.

Maybe it all has to do with the professed humility, kudya uroyi nekunyara his
handlers as it were.

Well the man talks transparency but lies to the nation with a straight face, his
latest fib being the ludicrous claim that he was issued a second hand Mercedes
Benz vehicle when he took delivery of a spanking new machine with just 28km on
the clock, delivery mileage.

But to our man from Buhera, the truth is what he says it is, the same way he
emerged from his party's national council meeting on October 12 2005, to
misrepresent that there had been a deadlock when the issue was put to the vote
with 33 council members for participating in the Senate elections, and 31
against with two spoilt ballots; and as party president he had used his casting
vote to break the impasse.

It later turned out that there had been no deadlock as the national council had
endorsed participation since decisions were taken by simple majority; and there
was no provision for the so-called casting vote in the MDC constitution.

But to our man from Buhera, the truth is what he says it is.

This is the same thinking that saw Tsvangirai rush into the region to try to
misrepresent the socio-political situation in a bid to get support for a
postponement of elections constitutionally due on or before June 29 , when the
life of the Seventh Parliament expires.

Well, our long suffering "democrat" who has harped ad nauseum over the years
that Zimbabwe faced a "crisis of legitimacy" is digging in over putting himself
to the people for a verdict, when "dictator Mugabe is insisting on elections.

But then it's all in a day's work for Tsvangirai, just as with lifestyle,
democracy is what he says it is.

I remain, Humble Caesar Zvayi.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Washington: Veteransâ[#x20ac][TM] Organizations Announce Support for U.S.
Senator Tammy Baldwinâ[#x20ac][TM]s Bipartisan Legislation to Support Job
Creation for Veterans

LENGTH: 632  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tammy Baldwin, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin today welcomed support from veterans' organizations
in Wisconsin for her bipartisan legislation to support job creation for
America's veterans. Senator Baldwin introduced the Boosting Rates of American
Veterans Employment Act (BRAVE Act) with Senator Thom Tillis (R-NC) last month.
The legislation will reform the Department of Veterans' Affairs (VA) contracting
process to give preference to businesses that actively employ veterans.





 "Wisconsin's veterans have earned every opportunity to be productive and
successful after they have completed their military service and returned to
civilian life," said Wisconsin Veterans Chamber of Commerce Executive Director
Saul Newton.  "The BRAVE Act is vital to ensuring veterans can have a career and
support their families.  Wisconsin's veteran business community applauds Senator
Baldwin for her leadership and support of businesses who hire military
veterans."



 "The Veterans of Foreign Wars - Department of Wisconsin supports the BRAVE ACT
and believe that this bill will increase veteran employment nationwide," said
Veterans of Foreign Wars - Department of Wisconsin Commander Michael B.
Eggleston.  "Providing gainful employment to our nation's veterans is the most
productive way this country can thank them for their service.  This nation will
also realize the benefit of having these disciplined and innovative men and
women fully integrated into its workforce.  We hope to see this bill continue to
move through congress and signed into law."



 "The VA spends $19 billion on procurement and contracting.  The American Legion
wants to ensure that our fellow veterans are given due consideration in the
awarding of federal contracts, both those employed by contractors and the many
who own their own businesses," said American Legion Department of Wisconsin's
Commander Dan Seehafer of Horicon Post No. 157.  "This bill expands veterans
preference to companies who go out of their way to employ veterans, as well as
punishes companies who knowingly misrepresent their percentage of veteran
employees in an attempt to gain an unearned advantage.  The Wisconsin American
Legion supports this bill and applauds Senator Baldwin for her efforts on behalf
of our fellow veterans."



 "The Military Order of the Purple Heart-Department of Wisconsin is proud to
support Senator Baldwin's BRAVE ACT as it is an important bill that will help
incentivize the hiring of our nation's veterans," said Military Order of the
Purple Heart - Department of Wisconsin Legislative Officer Jason Johns.  "After
giving so much in service to our country abroad and within, the least we can do
is to help these brave men and women find gainful employment when they get back
home.  I hope to see this bill continue to move through the Congress and be
signed into law."



 The Boosting Rates of American Veterans Employment Act (BRAVE Act) is also
supported by The American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Iraq and
Afghanistan Veterans of America.  Specifically, the BRAVE Act would allow the VA
to consider the proportion of veterans employed by a prospective business when
awarding federal contracts.  The VA Secretary would have the authority to give
preference to businesses that employ veterans based on its percentage of
full-time veteran employees. The bipartisan legislation would encourage and
incentivize VA contractors to employ veterans, and hold contractors responsible
by requiring temporary debarment from contracting for businesses who knowingly
misrepresent their proportion of veteran employees.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 21, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Don't misrepresent biotechnology

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 480 words


The food fight over genetically engineered crops and products
is slopping over into corporate boardrooms.

Critics of biotechnology are inundating 18 major corporations
with proposals to stop the development, marketing or selling of
bioengineered foods. And for those products already on the market,
they're pushing for labels until long-term testing is completed.


What's the harm, they argue, with ensuring that such products
pose no "detrimental effects to public health or the environment"?

But this unduly cautious reasoning ignores the elaborate safety
system that already exists in the USA. And it ignores the health
and environmental risks of existing agricultural methods that
biotechnology can help solve.

The Department of Agriculture already requires years of field
tests for crops into which genes from foreign organisms have been
spliced. The Environmental Protection Agency looks at any toxic
effects on the environment. And the Food and Drug Administration
works with biotech companies to make sure that any product they
introduce is safe for human use and consumption.

Not good enough, critics of biotechnology charge. But the proof
is in the results: After hundreds of millions of people have used
or consumed biotech products, there has been not one allergic
reaction or illness tied to them.

That's why opponents in their attacks always say biotech foods
"may pose risks." What critics don't concede is that all
foods may pose such risks. Earlier this month, the European Molecular
Biology Organization, made up of 1,000 top scientists from 24
nations, issued a statement noting that if it's hazardous to eat
"foreign" DNA or protein, we've always lived dangerously, since
"everything we eat contains foreign DNA and protein."

Wisely, the scientists want genetically modified crops monitored
and public fears addressed. But they warn against efforts to stymie
biotechnology with unscientific tests and other requirements.
And they point out that unnecessary delay of biotechnological
development is not without cost. Among the risks:

* It leaves in place conventional farming methods that
now damage the environment, through erosion, waste of water and
pesticides.

* It delays the development of a genetically modified rice
that world health experts hope can prevent 500,000 cases of blindness
and 2 million children's deaths each year caused by to vitamin
A deficiency.

* It drives away investment in biotech crops and medicines
that the world needs to feed 6 billion people and provide affordable
medical care for an aging population.

Biotechnology, like any tool, can be abused and misused. That's
why regulatory agencies must closely monitor it. But the slop
that opponents are tossing into boardrooms both misrepresents
the technology's dangers and downplays its benefits.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              220 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

What a flag means

BYLINE: Robert Huesler, Yukon News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 938  words


Open letter to Debra Jutra, president of the Whitehorse Heritage Festival
Society:

On behalf of the Republic of Vietnam Veterans Association of Ontario, I will
explain the reasons why the Free Vietnamese Community in Whitehorse, Yukon,
across Canada and throughout the world chooses the Yellow Flag.

The Yellow Flag with three red stripes represents our culture, heritage and
identity, and not the Red Flag.

Our association consists of Vietnamese veterans, our friends and dear families.
We are part of those refugees who left Vietnam in search for freedom after the
Communist Party of Vietnam (whom the Red Flag represents) attacked and occupied
South Vietnam on April 30, 1975.

Millions of people attempted to flee Vietnam and more than half died at sea or
in the jungle. For those who successfully escaped, this Yellow Flag was one of
the very few possessions that was left to us, a symbol for those Vietnamese who
value freedom and democracy.

The Yellow Flag represents our culture, heritage and our identity.

The Yellow Flag with three red stripes is a legitimate symbol for
Vietnamese-Canadians and should therefore be included in the upcoming Whitehorse
Heritage Festival Society.

I would like to refer you to a speech by Jason Kenney, Secretary of State,
Multiculturalism and Canadian of May 4th, 2008. It can be reached on the 'net
at:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_PB6BmTHkQ

This speech was made at the Journey for Freedom event organized in Toronto to
mark the day we, the Vietnamese, lost our freedom and liberty. We were forced to
flee and become refugees. The world knows of this struggle as "the plight of the
Boat People."

Over the past 30 years, we Vietnamese have been welcomed into Canada, been
provided new opportunities and accepted into society. We are deeply grateful to
the Canadian government and its people. However, we must stand up for the
symbols that truly represent us, especially this Yellow Flag with three red
stripes.

This flag is our symbol of our cherished ideals of freedom, liberty, and
democracy. It is a clear symbol of the uniqueness of our heritage and culture
and the desire to preserve it, which led us to Canada in the first place.

The vast majority of the Vietnamese displaced by the result of the war carried
this flag as refugees with them to continue their traditions and customs that
they have been persecuted for.

I sincerely ask for understanding in this matter.

For the entire Vietnamese community to be represented by a symbol that does not
reflect us is unfair. The hypocrisy to be told by one of your committee members
for us to not misrepresent ourselves as being representative of all local
Vietnamese then turning around and choosing the red Communist flag to represent
all of us is a complete farce.

Vietnam's embassy represents the current state of Vietnam in Vietnam, but not
all the Vietnamese in Canada and around the world.

It is not our wish to bar the Red Flag, especially in a free society such as
Canada's. However, I would like to make it clear that this red flag is not truly
representative of the Vietnamese community.

For us to celebrate our heritage and culture, we must make it known what our
ideals are and which symbols represent those ideals and those would be the
Yellow Flag and the Canadian Maple Leaf.

Attached is a photo from a trial in Vietnam. If you would have us be represented
by a flag that allows this sort of treatment of a defendant at a trial, then we
must be louder and clearer in what our beliefs are. This photo was taken in
Vietnam, March 10th, 2007.

While attempting to remain politically neutral can be admirable, it
misrepresents the culture and heritage your festival attempts to celebrate.

This has nothing to do with the state of Vietnam, only the Vietnamese people in
Canada. The only politics involved in this situation ought to only be the
political beliefs we have in freedom and liberty, represented by our Yellow
Flag.

Thank you for your understanding and consideration.

I wish for the success of the first Whitehorse Heritage Festival and hope that
there will be many in the years to come.

Tan Van Nguyen, president of Republic of Vietnam Veterans Association of Ontario

In pursuit of poultry

Whenever I remember, I try to buy some products at the local farmers' market --
to support the local economy to reduce the carbon footprint.

The other day I inquired about local chicken.

The farmer told me that they would be butchering on the weekend and there are
only four or five chickens available -- the rest had already been spoken for.

I said I would like to buy the chickens. I was told I could pick up the chickens
at the farm on Saturday evening.

The farm is 40 kilometres outside Whitehorse.

I said thanks, but no thanks. There is no way that I am driving 80 kilometres
for four or five chickens.

I don't know how many birds are being butchered at any given time, but imagine
if that particular farm butchers 40 chickens and everybody takes four or five,
that would amount to 600 to 800 kilometres of driving!

I realize most farmers can't make a full-time living with the products they're
selling, and I can see that they can't make deliveries after a regular workday
in the city.

One solution that comes to my mind is a refrigerator unit with lockable
compartments that could be put in place, by the city, the agricultural branch,
the farmers or all together.

This unit, transportable or not, would only have to be operated during harvest
or butchering season.

This would allow vendors to bring the goods to town after the weekend, and a
pick-up time could be arranged, or the merchandise could be sold at Thursday's
market.

Robert Huesler

Whitehorse

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2008 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 20, 2013 Wednesday

Watchdog Gnaws On Foundation With Jeb Bush Ties

BYLINE: Andrew Ujifusa, Education Week, Bethesda, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1364 words


Feb. 20--Correspondence between former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush's K-12 advocacy
organization and state education leaders--obtained and publicized by a
privatization-watchdog group--has renewed debate over the extent to which the
private sector can benefit by gaining access to government officials, and
markets, through nonprofit advocacy groups.

The emails between Mr. Bush's Foundation for Excellence in Education and
officials in Maine, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, and other states show the group
discussing model bills with state officials and promoting specific policy
initiatives, such as online education and retaining 3rd graders not reading at
grade level.

The nonprofit group In the Public Interest, which is based in Washington and
published the emails last month, is critical of many privatization initiatives.
It says it doesn't have a problem with businesses seeking new markets, but
contends the foundation is being used as cover for companies seeking public
money without lobbying in an upfront way.

But foundation officials say that it does nothing unethical or improper, that
corporations don't tell it what to do, and that the watchdog group's assertions
distort and misrepresent the foundation's work.

In general, concerns about how private companies influence public policy are
reasonable to raise, but advocacy groups of all stripes also tend to benefit
people in various areas financially, said Frederick M. Hess, the education
policy director at the American Enterprise Institute, a Washington think tank
whose purposes include strengthening free enterprise.

"Advocacy can be characterized this way across a range of issues," said Mr.
Hess, who writes an opinion blog for Education Week's website.

'Influence on Steroids'

At the heart of In the Public Interest's criticisms of the Tallahassee,
Fla.-based foundation is its high-profile affiliate known as Chiefs for Change.
That group includes state education superintendents or commissioners from
Florida, Louisiana, Maine, New Jersey, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, and
Tennessee.

The stated mission of Chiefs for Change is to advance "bold, visionary education
reform" by implementing teacher evaluations based primarily on student
achievement, barring social promotion for students who can't demonstrate
literacy on a test in 3rd grade, and grading schools on an A-F scale. Its
members have drawn the ire of teachers' unions and others.

In the Public Interest, however, argues that low-profile, but persistent,
beneficiaries of the work between the foundation and state officials are
companies seeking to do business with schools.

In an email to Chiefs for Change members on Feb. 23 last year, for example, the
foundation's chief executive officer, Patricia Levesque, touted the "beauty" of
SendHub, a mobile messaging service that she said would allow teachers to
connect more easily with students and parents.

But In the Public Interest says that subsequent reports have revealed that Mr.
Bush was an investor in SendHub at some point last year, showing that the email
could have directly and improperly benefited Mr. Bush personally. (A spokesman
for the foundation, Jaryn Emhof, confirmed that Mr. Bush was an early investor
in SendHub.)

In Florida, where Mr. Bush served as governor from 1999 to 2007, In the Public
Interest says that the foundation pushed for increased use of the Florida
Comprehensive Assessment Test, or FCAT, which is administered in the state
through a contract with Pearson. The giant publishing and testing company, with
U.S. headquarters in New York City, is a donor to the foundation.

(In a statement, Susan Aspey, the vice president for media relations at Pearson,
stressed the importance of digital education, since it "creates more
personalized and connected learning experiences for teachers and students.")

Making Connections?

In one case, the foundation may have served an indirect role in connecting
private industry to a state official. An email dated Oct. 7, 2011, shows Louis
Piconi, a senior vice president at Apangea Learning, a distance-learning company
now called Think Through Math, inviting Oklahoma state schools Superintendent
Janet Barresi to be his guest at an event he was hosting for Mr. Bush and Tony
Bennett, Florida's education commissioner and a member of Chiefs for Change.

Subsequent to Mr. Piconi's email, the Oklahoma education department announced in
an Oct. 15, 2012, newsletter to teachers that Think Through Math had partnered
with the department to offer its services to all public schools in the state.

An Oklahoma education department spokeswoman, Sherry Fair, told the Associated
Press this month that Think Through Math won its contract through a traditional
bidding process.

More broadly, In the Public Interest alleges that Mr. Bush's group has promoted
its private-sector funders at the group's conferences. Funders of the group's
2012 National Summit on Education Reform included Pearson, as well as such
supporters as Charter Schools USA, Microsoft, McGraw-Hill Education, and K12
Inc.

"The chiefs [in Chiefs for Change] are public officials that are an affiliate of
a private group that is funded in part by private corporations that stand to
benefit if those decision-makers make certain decisions," said Donald Cohen, In
the Public Interest's chairman. "I don't think it's an illegal conflict of
interest. I'm not an attorney, ... but this is influence on steroids."

In the Public Interest receives funding from the Ford, Open Society, In the
Public Welfare, and Surdna foundations. It is a project of the Washington-based
Partnership for Working Families, which is critical of corporate influence of
public policy.

Pushing Back

The accusations from In the Public Interest distort or factually misrepresent
the work of Mr. Bush and the Foundation for Excellence in Education, said Ms.
Levesque, its chief executive officer. In some instances, she said, the
foundation has pushed for policies that its donors don't like.

In Florida, Ms. Levesque said, the Foundation for Florida's Future, another K-12
policy group led by Mr. Bush and Ms. Levesque, pushed in 2010 to reduce the
weight given to scores from Pearson-provided FCAT tests on high schools' A-F
grades--a stance that she said undercuts Mr. Cohen's argument that the advocacy
by Mr. Bush and his groups benefited Pearson.

The Foundation for Florida's Future has also advocated for digital-learning
expansion in Florida that traditional for-profit textbook publishers find
unhelpful, Ms. Levesque said. (Many traditional publishers are expanding their
digital operations.)

At the national summits, Ms. Levesque said, companies can set up exhibits, but
the Foundation for Excellence in Education doesn't officially endorse them or
direct state schools chiefs to them at official events."We don't let
corporations shape what our policy positions are, or what gets highlighted," Ms.
Levesque said.

Regarding SendHub, Ms. Levesque said she never knowingly promoted the company on
Mr. Bush's behalf in his position as an investor. At the same time, Ms. Levesque
said she recognized that specifically promoting SendHub created a bad
impression.

"I will not do that again. ... If anyone should be chastised for that, it should
be me personally," she said.

As for the foundation's model bills, they are merely a starting point for
legislators and officials who want to customize them to fit their own legal or
political situations, not an underhanded means of force-feeding one policy to
several states, the foundation says.

Ms. Levesque also said Mr. Cohen's background working for organized labor, along
with union backing for In the Public Interest, "tainted" the watchdog group's
report. (She did not name any specific unions.)

Mr. Cohen did not categorically deny that his group received any support from
unions.

Ultimately, finger-pointing over financial backers may score political points,
but it threatens to obscure more important arguments, Mr. Hess of the AEI said:
"The actual kind of substantive merits of debates almost become the undercard,"
not the main event.

___ (c)2013 Education Week (Bethesda, Md.) Visit Education Week (Bethesda, Md.)
at www.edweek.org Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130220-1ED-Watchdog-Gnaws-On-Foundation-With-Jeb-Bush-Ties-20130220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ED


                  Copyright 2013 Education Week, Bethesda, Md


                              222 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 21, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Montero fails 'Consumer Reports' test

BYLINE: David Kiley

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 593 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT -- Consumer Reports magazine rates the 2001 Mitsubishi
Montero Limited sport-utility vehicle "not acceptable" because
of what it says is its risk for rolling over in some hazardous
driving conditions.

It is just the third time the magazine has handed out its lowest
rating for a vehicle.

Mitsubishi was quick to challenge the testing methods used by
Consumers Union, which publishes the magazine, and says it has
no reports of rollover crashes with the Montero.


The test involves running the vehicle through a slalom course
at varying speeds, the driver steering left, right, then left
again on a short course to mimic the driving one might have to
do to avoid an unexpected road hazard.

Consumer Reports says two wheels came off the ground eight
out of nine times the Montero went through the course at 37 mph
or higher.

Pierre Gagnon, president of Mitsubishi Motors, the company's U.S.
division, said Consumers Union's testing does not reflect "real-world"
driving conditions. Consumers Union "forced an outcome that misrepresents
the safety of our vehicle," he said.

Mitsubishi is instructing dealers to describe Consumer Reports'
tests as "unreliable and unscientific." Gagnon says neither
Mitsubishi nor the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
has any reports of Montero rollover accidents.

Consumers Union defended its testing. "We have no interest in
making any manufacturer look good or bad," said R. David Pittle,
senior vice president and technical director. "We tested six
other SUVs on the same track, the same day with the same drivers,
and they all performed well."

The others were the 2001 Dodge Durango, 2002 Ford Explorer, 2002
GMC Envoy, 2001 Jeep Grand Cherokee, 2001 Nissan Pathfinder and
2001 Toyota 4Runner.

NHTSA, which began giving vehicle rollover ratings with '01 models,
has not yet rated the Montero Limited. It gave the Montero Sport
two out of a possible five stars for rollover resistance, a score
equal to the Explorer and Grand Cherokee. The best any SUV has
scored is three stars.

A not-acceptable rating could devastate Montero sales, which were
8,800 this year through May, according to Autodata. Sales of the
Suzuki Samurai tumbled from 54,000 in 1988 to 5,000 in 1989 after
Consumer Reports rated it not acceptable. Isuzu, whose
Trooper SUV got that rating in 1996, saw sales fall more than
50% in 1 year.

Another worry for Mitsubishi is that sales of its Montero Sport
SUV, which is a completely different vehicle, may also be hurt
because of the shared name. Mitsubishi has sold more than 24,000
Montero Sports so far this year. Consumers Union has the Montero
Sport on its recommended list.

Mitsubishi, which is controlled by DaimlerChrysler, has been on
a roll in the USA. Sales were up 20% last year to 314,417 and
are up 6% through the first 5 months of this year.

Gagnon says Mitsubishi hasn't decided whether to sue Consumers
Union as Suzuki and Isuzu did.

Isuzu and Suzuki alleged libel and product disparagement. Isuzu
was unable to prove malice. A judge ruled that Suzuki had no case
against Consumers Union, but Suzuki is appealing that decision
even though it quit selling the Samurai in 1995.

Marketing professionals say taking on Consumer Reports is
not a high-percentage endeavor.

"The lawyers say you have to do it, but consumers will take Consumer
Reports' word over their minister's when it comes down to
it," says marketing consultant Dennis Keene.



LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; "Not acceptable": Mitsubishi challenges the testing
procedure, saying it "forced an outcome that misrepresents the safety of our
vehicle."

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              223 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2008 Tuesday

New laws to become effective July 15

BYLINE: Kenneth Hart, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 769 words


Jul. 8--FRANKFORT -- A number of new laws are scheduled to go into effect in
Kentucky in a few days.

Laws passed during the regular session of the General Assembly, which adjourned
April 15, will go into effect on July 15, according to the state Legislative
Research Commission.

The Kentucky Constitution specifies all bills become law 90 days after the end
of a legislative session, unless they contain emergency clauses or specify
delayed effective dates.

Among the new laws that begin this month include increasing the penalties for
animal torture, increasing the penalties for leaving the scene of a traffic
accident involving death or serious injury, requiring children too big for car
seats to be placed in booster seats, elevating punishment for certain types of
animal cruelty, and making it a crime to misrepresent one's military service for
financial or other gain.

Here is an overview of all new measures:

--Adventure tourism. Senate Bill 196 is intended to boost Kentucky's adventure
tourism industry by allowing the state to enter into agreements with private
property owners for the use of their lands for recreational activities.

--Alcohol vaporizers. House Bill 202 bans the sale, purchase or use of such
devices, which are used to inhale the intoxicating fumes of alcohol.

--Amusement park safety. Senate Bill 203 will require more frequent inspections
of amusement park rides and prohibit those under 18 from working as ride
operators.

--Animal cruelty. Senate Bill 58 will increase penalties for those who torture
cats or dogs. Injuring to those animals by torture will be a Class A misdemeanor
carrying up to a year in jail, while causing serious injury or death to a cat or
dog by means of torture will be a Class D felony punishable by a prison sentence
of one to five years. Under the current law, all torture crimes involving dogs
or cats are Class A misdemeanors for the first offense.

--Blood donations. Under House Bill 139, 16-year-olds who weigh at least 110
pounds will be able to donate blood with written consent from a parent or
guardian.

--Booster seats. Senate Bill 120 will require children too big for infant car
seats to be placed in booster seats when riding in vehicles. The law will apply
to children younger than 7 between 40 and 50 inches tall. Until July 1, 2009,
police will only issue courtesy warnings to violators. After that, violators can
have the $30 fine dismissed by showing proof that a car seat has been acquired.

--Bullying. House Bill 91 will require local school officials to alert law
enforcement when school harassment involves a potential felony.

--Early voting. House Bill 479 will allow citizens to request absentee ballots
via e-mail and permit members of the military to return unused absentee ballots
and still be allowed to vote on Election Day.

--Golden Alert. Senate Bill 125 will create a program similar to the Amber
Alert, which will be used to make local media aware when an impaired adult, such
as a person with Alzheimer's, is missing.

--Leaving the scene of an accident. House Bill 170 will elevate the offense of
leaving the scene of an accident involving death or serious physical injury from
a Class A misdemeanor to a Class D felony. The law was passed in response to the
2006 hit-and-run death of a 14-year-old Owensboro boy.

--Military. House Bill 168 will allow active duty military personnel serving
outside the commonwealth up to 90 days to renew their driver's licenses after
returning to Kentucky.

--Sex offenders. House Bill 211 will broaden the state's child sex abuse laws
while increasing penalties for abusers and those who fail to report abuse. The
bill includes older children under state laws that protect minors from
first-degree sexual abuse by raising the age of children covered by the law from
12 to 16, or 16 to 18 if the perpetrator is in a position of trust or authority.

--Stolen Valor Act. House Bill 110 makes it a Class A misdemeanor to falsely
apply for a special military license plate or to misrepresent one's military
status with the intent to defraud, obtain employment or be elected or appointed
to public office.

KENNETH HART can be reached at khart@dailyindependent.com or (606) 326-2654.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080708-KA-New-laws-to-become-effective-July-15-0708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                                 Copyright 2008


                              224 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 21, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

THE 2000 CAMPAIGN: THE AD CAMPAIGN;
Battle on Prescription Drugs

BYLINE: By ROBIN TONER

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 944 words


The advertising war over prescription drugs escalated this week: the Republican
National Committee broadcast a biting new commercial in 17 states, and the Gore
campaign quickly responded.


PRODUCERS -- Cold Harbor Films for the Republicans, The Campaign Company for the
Gore campaign.

ON THE SCREEN -- The Republican advertisement features a notebook that is
ostensibly comparing the Bush and Gore prescription drug plans. Under the Gore
column, "Charges Seniors $600 Big Government Access Fee Annually." Under the
Bush column, "Seniors Choose Coverage." The advertisement summarizes all its
accusations against Gore, then cuts to the Democratic candidate himself in a
television set, while the words appear, "Gore's Rx Plan?
PrescriptionForDisaster.com." As the advertisement ends, Mr. Gore is speaking
with the sound turned off, but he appears to be saying, "For you."

The Democratic advertisement opens with the picture of a Washington Post
analysis of a Bush television commercial, saying it "misrepresents" Mr. Gore's
policy on prescription drugs. It then cuts to images of the elderly with Mr.
Gore, and with health care providers, while the words "The Facts" appear on the
screen, buttressing what the narrator says. "Al Gore covers all seniors through
Medicare, not an H.M.O.," one screen says. The advertisement also shows Mr.
Bush, then cuts to elderly people talking to what is apparently intended to be
an H.M.O. bureaucrat. The words on the screen: "Bush forces seniors to go to
H.M.O.'s and insurance companies. ... They have no choice."

THE SCRIPT

THE REPUBLICAN AD -- Narrator: "On prescription medicines, compare: Al Gore will
charge seniors a new $600-a-year government access fee. George Bush opposes
Gore's $600 fee. Gore's plan: When seniors turn 64, they must join a drug H.M.O.
selected by Washington or they are on their own.  Bush's plan: Seniors choose,
and it covers all catastrophic health care costs. Gore's plan doesn't and has a
government H.M.O. and a $600 fee. A prescription for disaster."

THE GORE AD -- Narrator: "Newspapers say George Bush's prescription drug ad
misrepresents the facts.  In fact, Al Gore's plan covers all seniors through
Medicare, not an H.M.O. Under Gore, seniors choose their own doctor and doctors
decide what drugs to prescribe. George Bush forces seniors to go to H.M.O.'s and
insurance companies for prescription drugs. They have no choice. And Bush leaves
millions of middle-class seniors with no coverage. Al Gore -- the only
prescription plan that gives all seniors coverage and choice."

ACCURACY

THE REPUBLICAN AD -- The "government access fee" the Bush campaign talks about
is the estimated premium for a year's worth of prescription drug coverage in the
year 2009 -- eight years after the Gore plan takes effect. The premium in the
first year is $25 a month, or $300 a year. It is impossible to compare it with
Mr. Bush's, because his plan makes few commitments on premiums, deductibles or
copayments. But Democratic analysts assert that the cost to beneficiaries under
Mr. Bush's proposal would be significantly higher.

The accusation that people are "forced," under the Gore plan, to join a
"government H.M.O." is misleading. The Gore plan is voluntary; the elderly are
free to get their prescription drug coverage through retiree plans, through
H.M.O.'s, through Medicare or to waive coverage altogether. The new drug benefit
would be provided through the Medicare program. The "government H.M.O." is
apparently the pharmaceutical benefit managers, essentially middlemen who
administer these benefits in the private sector and would also do so for
Medicare. The Bush plan, many analysts say, would actually rely more heavily on
H.M.O.'s and other private health plans.

THE GORE AD -- This is essentially a defensive advertisement, responding to the
accusations of the Republicans. But it also makes a few accusations of its own
-- that the Bush plan would force seniors to go to H.M.O.'s and insurance
companies for drug coverage. While the Bush plan would encourage more
involvement by private health plans in Medicare, Mr. Bush has said that people
could stay in the traditional government program and still have the ability to
get drug coverage; the Health Care Financing Administration, which runs
Medicare, would be required to offer a "high option" plan that includes drugs,
although the details are not yet clear.

The accusation that the plan would leave behind "millions of middle-class
seniors" is partly based on the fact that the initial thrust of his plan would
involve aid to states to help low-income elderly.

SCORECARD -- The Republican advertisement is appealing to two powerful fears:
The fear of "big government" intruding into private health care decisions, and
the fear of H.M.O.'s doing the same thing. The "big government" argument is a
traditional line of attack against Democrats, although, of course, Medicare is,
itself, a big government program and a very popular one. The attack against "Big
Government H.M.O.'s" in the Gore plan may be a simple attempt at inoculation.
Mr. Bush's plan envisions a greater role by H.M.O.'s and other private plans in
Medicare, and Republicans have been bracing for a Democratic assault against it.

Democrats, meanwhile, are offering themselves as guardians of Medicare,
portraying the Republicans as bent on privatizing the system. With a month and a
half to go to Election Day, the advertising debate is already reminiscent of the
last two big health policy struggles: over Medicare restructuring in 1995-96,
and over national health insurance in 1993-94.   ROBIN TONER


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: A Republican advertisement on prescription drugs drew a
response from the Gore campaign.

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              225 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              June 1, 2007 Friday

Letters to the editor

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 762 words


Iran our biggest pain

We have not talked to Iran for 27 years because back then they talked about
living in peace with Israel. Since then, Iranian leaders have made a stated goal
that one way or another, Israel will be driven out of the Middle East. Iran
founded Hamas and it is funded and trained by Iran in their country.

It appears to me that Iran wants to be the country in charge of the Middle East.
Their actions over the past four years have been to spread war across the area
and support those who Iran can trust. In general they trust Shitte people and
they help Shitte people who they think are being hurt by the USA, Israel or the
Sunni Arabs.

So long as Iran sends car bombs and suicide bombers to Iraq, we will never be
able to bring peace to Iraq. The meeting between Iraq and the USA with Iran was
much needed and may prove to be useful. At least now we can say Iran knows we
know about their involvement in Iraq. This may be all we get from this meeting,
and either way we need to keep meeting with Iran on a monthly basis. Not meeting
we know leads to more problems.

KARL LARSEN

Las Cruces

Chorale thanks

The Mesilla Valley Chorale, a 35-year musical tradition in Las Cruces,
appreciates the support for our recent spring performances at the Rio Grande
Theater and Good Samaritan Auditorium. Your generous donations made it possible
for us to present a total of $3,000 to the Community of Hope and Jardin de los
Niños to help them continue the work they do with the homeless and near
homeless. This gift is a symbol of the caring and generosity of our wonderful
community. Thank you!

NANCY RITCHEY,

Director, Mesilla Valley Chorale

Las Cruces

GOP and light bulbs

Question: How many Republicans does it take to replace a light bulb?

Answer: That is a defeatist, unpatriotic question that emboldens Al Qaeda and
undermines our troops. Anyone who says we need a new light bulb now, just as the
surge is showing progress, would rather fight the terrorists in our own homes
than fight them in Iraq. You're just blaming America for everything. You should
move to Canada if you want to ask questions like that`maybe you're hiding Osama
Bin Laden in your basement`

JIM RICE

Las Cruces

Letter misrepresents bill

I write in response to the letter submitted by Eduardo Holguin (April 29). In
his letter, Mr. Holguin wrongly describes a "tuition tax credit" bill   a bill
proposed during the last legislative session to "provide financial assistance
for the education of children in the form of tuition grants allowing them to
attend any qualified school of their parents' choice"   as legislation that will
"give wealthy individuals more money on top of their recent windfall from the
tax cuts of the last four years." How, Mr. Holguin, does a tax credit give
wealthy individuals more money?

A tax credit, by definition, is credit against taxes owed for having spent money
on something else. A tax credit is NOT a tax refund, a tax rebate, a tax cut,
etc. A tax credit simply gives the taxpayer power to direct where their tax
liability is spent   it does NOT give them more money.

If a New Mexico taxpayer owes the state of New Mexico $750 at the end of the
year, the proposed legislation would allow them to direct $500 of that liability
to a "tuition granting organization." They don't get to keep the $500 nor do
they get to list the $500 gift as a charitable deduction. The taxpayer in our
example is going to spend $750   but they now have a choice: They can pay the
state of New Mexico $750 or they can donate $500 to a tuition granting
organization and pay the state of New Mexico $250. Either way, they spend $750.
Wealthy individuals won't save a dime.

I respect others views and welcome a healthy discussion on the topic. But let's
not misrepresent what this proposed legislation does by characterizing it as
something that will help rich folk "make money while giving money."

TROY WILLIAMSON

Executive director,

Educate New Mexico

Albuquerque

Dump fee

I'm sure there are many folks that will correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems to
me that several years back the county was requiring everyone to contract with a
private waste disposal company to ensure that we wouldn't have to pay a dump
fee. I even remember a short time when the county and the providers were having
database problems trying to get all of the addresses to match-up. For as long as
we've lived in the county, we have had disposal service, but does this mean that
some of the neighbors we encouraged to sign up, did so for nothing? You know,
I've slept since then ` Was all of that a dream?

VICKI TAGGART

Las Cruces

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2007 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              June 1, 2007 Friday

Letters to the editor

BYLINE: By voting all monies for Bush's evil war in Iraq, they have caused
inflation to get worse, and laid terrible future taxes on us, and left no money
for good social legislation to help those who really need it. All of this makes
the difference between rich

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 766 words


CHARLOTTE WILLIAMS

Las Cruces

Iran our biggest pain

We have not talked to Iran for 27 years because back then they talked about
living in peace with Israel. Since then, Iranian leaders have made a stated goal
that one way or another, Israel will be driven out of the Middle East. Iran
founded Hamas and it is funded and trained by Iran in their country.

It appears to me that Iran wants to be the country in charge of the Middle East.
Their actions over the past four years have been to spread war across the area
and support those who Iran can trust. In general they trust Shitte people and
they help Shitte people who they think are being hurt by the USA, Israel or the
Sunni Arabs.

So long as Iran sends car bombs and suicide bombers to Iraq, we will never be
able to bring peace to Iraq. The meeting between Iraq and the USA with Iran was
much needed and may prove to be useful. At least now we can say Iran knows we
know about their involvement in Iraq. This may be all we get from this meeting,
and either way we need to keep meeting with Iran on a monthly basis. Not meeting
we know leads to more problems.

KARL LARSEN

Las Cruces

Chorale thanks

The Mesilla Valley Chorale, a 35-year musical tradition in Las Cruces,
appreciates the support for our recent spring performances at the Rio Grande
Theater and Good Samaritan Auditorium. Your generous donations made it possible
for us to present a total of $3,000 to the Community of Hope and Jardin de los
Niños to help them continue the work they do with the homeless and near
homeless. This gift is a symbol of the caring and generosity of our wonderful
community. Thank you!

NANCY RITCHEY,

Director, Mesilla Valley Chorale

Las Cruces

GOP and light bulbs

Question: How many Republicans does it take to replace a light bulb?

Answer: That is a defeatist, unpatriotic question that emboldens Al Qaeda and
undermines our troops. Anyone who says we need a new light bulb now, just as the
surge is showing progress, would rather fight the terrorists in our own homes
than fight them in Iraq. You're just blaming America for everything. You should
move to Canada if you want to ask questions like that`maybe you're hiding Osama
Bin Laden in your basement`

JIM RICE

Las Cruces

Letter misrepresents bill

I write in response to the letter submitted by Eduardo Holguin (April 29). In
his letter, Mr. Holguin wrongly describes a "tuition tax credit" bill   a bill
proposed during the last legislative session to "provide financial assistance
for the education of children in the form of tuition grants allowing them to
attend any qualified school of their parents' choice"   as legislation that will
"give wealthy individuals more money on top of their recent windfall from the
tax cuts of the last four years." How, Mr. Holguin, does a tax credit give
wealthy individuals more money?

A tax credit, by definition, is credit against taxes owed for having spent money
on something else. A tax credit is NOT a tax refund, a tax rebate, a tax cut,
etc. A tax credit simply gives the taxpayer power to direct where their tax
liability is spent   it does NOT give them more money.

If a New Mexico taxpayer owes the state of New Mexico $750 at the end of the
year, the proposed legislation would allow them to direct $500 of that liability
to a "tuition granting organization." They don't get to keep the $500 nor do
they get to list the $500 gift as a charitable deduction. The taxpayer in our
example is going to spend $750   but they now have a choice: They can pay the
state of New Mexico $750 or they can donate $500 to a tuition granting
organization and pay the state of New Mexico $250. Either way, they spend $750.
Wealthy individuals won't save a dime.

I respect others views and welcome a healthy discussion on the topic. But let's
not misrepresent what this proposed legislation does by characterizing it as
something that will help rich folk "make money while giving money."

TROY WILLIAMSON

Executive director,

Educate New Mexico

Albuquerque

Dump fee

I'm sure there are many folks that will correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems to
me that several years back the county was requiring everyone to contract with a
private waste disposal company to ensure that we wouldn't have to pay a dump
fee. I even remember a short time when the county and the providers were having
database problems trying to get all of the addresses to match-up. For as long as
we've lived in the county, we have had disposal service, but does this mean that
some of the neighbors we encouraged to sign up, did so for nothing? You know,
I've slept since then ` Was all of that a dream?

VICKI TAGGART

Las Cruces

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Florida Agency Didn't Properly Record Costs, State's Auditor General Says in
Audit Report

                            August 7, 1990, Tuesday

By John J. Doran


The Office of the Auditor General of Florida late last month released its final
auditing report on Port Everglades Authority, standing by its earlier release
that said the authority failed to properly document expenses and that the port
would have to pay $71.9 million in additional costs for a refunding bond issue
sold in 1989.

The port has not "provided any additional information to change our position
from the original report," Hardee Ratliffcq, chief of review for the auditor's
office, said yesterday. The report, dated July 25, will be presented to state
authorities and legislative committees, Mr. Hardee said.

The preliminary audit was released to the port in June. Mr. Hardee added that
the auditor's office is preparing to begin a second audit of the authority that
will focus on its internal operations.

The Port Everglades Authority, the subject of a federal investigation launched
in June, responded to the state auditor's preliminary audit by taking exception
to the auditor's review of its bond sales. "In its present form, the audit will
grossly misrepresent the bond transactions of the Port Everglades Authority and
would unnecessarily damage our operations," said Joel V. Alesi, port director,
in a letter to the auditor.

In its review of the port's bond sales, the state auditor general said the port
authority will pay $71.9 million more in fees and interest costs over the next
30 years because of a $117 million revenue refunding bond issue it sold in 1989
to refund a $104 million revenue issue sold in 1986.

Had the authority allowed the series 1986 bonds to go to maturity, it would have
incurred total costs for debt service of $214 million. The cost of refunding
issue, however, is about $306 million.

In addition, the report expressed concern that the port's projected revenues and
profits may fall short, and thus the port may have to rely on an ad valorem tax
to cover debt service on the bonds. The bonds are secured by the port's
operating revenue.

In response to the port's concerns, the auditor's report says: "The port
director states, in his written responses, that our findings have significantly
distorted the events surrounding issuance or defeasance of the subject bond
issues and, in their present form, the findings will grossly misrepresent the
bond transactions of the Port Everglades Authority and would, therefore
unnecessarily damage the port's operations."

"However, he does not identify any factual errors in our findings nor does he
indicate how the findings included in this report would act to damage port
operations," the report says, adding that "we remain of the opinion that our
findings present the matters surrounding those bond transactions in a proper
perspective."

The financial adviser to the port, however, contends the auditor's office did
not do its homework.

"It is my opinion that their original audit was incomplete and its final report
is incomplete," John D. Miller, a managing director with Public Financial
Management Inc., a Philadelphia-based financial advisory firm that was financial
adviser to the authority on the bond deals, said yesterday.

"The audit report very badly handles the intent and purpose of those
financings," he said. "It ignored the positive effect of the transactions,
looking at the liabilities without the assets."

"It was a financial audit with no audit," he said, adding that the auditor
ignored the benefits of a $55 million new-money revenue issue the authority sold
just a few months after the refunding issue. The proceeds of the issue are
slated for a $300 million capital program of which about $100 million is bond
financed.

Betsy Krant, chairman of the port's commission, said the authority may seek an
outside auditor to review its findings and the state's auditor's findings.

"The final answer will be in the proof of the pudding: the port's performance,"
she said, adding that preliminary revenue projections show the authority turning
a healthy profit.

"The port's financial performance is very strong," she said. The authority's
"staff predicts $3 million in net profits after debt service at fiscal close
Sept. 30. I predict closer to $4.5 million.

"Our proposed budget next year shows a $5.3 million net profit after the new
debt service - that's two years ahead of the feasibility study which underlies
the bond program."

Among a myriad of other findings, the auditor's report noted that about $187,627
of payments for legal services, which totaled about $1.31 million during 1989,
were not adequately supported in the public records of the authority.

Payments to a former port director totaling $79,597.80 for consulting services
were not supported by documentation evidencing that he had fulfilled with his
contract obligations.

And payments to the Florida Alliance, a nonprofit interest group, totaling
$75,000 for representation services were not made pursuant to written contracts
and were not supported by documentation.

The auditor also noted that the port named Bear Stearns & Co. as its sole
underwriter without conducting a competitive selection process.

The port responded to the auditor's finding on the selection of Bear Stearns by
saying, "In making this appointment, the port commission exercised a
discretionary judgment, clearly within its authority, at a time when such
procedure violated no policy of the authority then in effect."

The port noted in its response that it has changed its procurment policy in
March and requires all "procurement of services of any kind to be competitively
sought and obtained."

Meanwhile, a federal grand jury continues its investigation of the authority.
Records of the port and Bear Stearns have been subpoenaed as part of a
wide-ranging federal probe of the authority's expenses, bond sales, and alleged
political cronyism.

And Mr. Alesi, who in July scheduled himself to leave his post when his contract
expired in October, is stepping down this week. The port's seven-member
commission voted that he step down earlier, a port spokesman said. Mr. Alesi
will be replaced by an interim director, deputy Port Director Gene Ciccarelli,
as the commission begins a nationwide search for a new director.

Also, the Broward County Commission is considering a referendum concerning the
port's future governance. The commission is asking county voters, in a straw
vote, if control of the authority should be changed.

The county commission is also studying the possibility of taking over the
authority.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1092 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              228 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 13, 2011 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Love, Lies And What They Learned

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE ROSENBLOOM

SECTION: Section ST; Column 0; Style Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1660 words


THERE are millions of Americans seeking love on the Internet. Little do they
know that teams of scientists are eagerly watching them trying to find it.

Like contemporary Margaret Meads, these scholars have gathered data from dating
sites like Match.com, OkCupid and Yahoo! Personals to study attraction, trust,
deception -- even the role of race and politics in prospective romance.

They have observed, for instance, that many daters would rather admit to being
fat than liberal or conservative, that white people are reluctant to date
outside their race and that there are ways to detect liars. Such findings spring
from attempts to answer a broader question that has bedeviled humanity since
Adam and Eve: how and why do people fall in love?

''There is relatively little data on dating, and most of what was out there in
the literature about mate selection and relationship formation is based on U.S.
Census data,'' said Gerald A. Mendelsohn, a professor in the psychology
department at the University of California, Berkeley.

His research involving more than one million online dating profiles was partly
financed by a grant from the National Science Foundation. ''This now gives an
access to dating that we never really had before,'' He said. (Collectively, the
major dating sites had more than 593 million visits in the United States last
month, according to the Internet tracking firm Experian Hitwise.)

Andrew T. Fiore, a data scientist at Facebook and a former visiting assistant
professor at Michigan State University, said that unlike laboratory studies,
''online dating provides an ecologically valid or true-to-life context for
examining the risks, uncertainties and rewards of initiating real relationships
with real people at an unprecedented scale.''

''As more and more of life happens online, it's less and less the case that
online is a vacuum,'' he added. ''It is life.''

Of the romantic partnerships formed in the United States between 2007 and 2009,
21 percent of heterosexual couples and 61 percent of same-sex couples met
online, according to a study by Michael J. Rosenfeld, an associate professor of
sociology at Stanford. (Scholars said that most studies using online dating data
are about heterosexuals, because they make up more of the population.)

Dating sites and academics have gotten cozy before; the biological
anthropologist Helen Fisher of Rutgers, for example, is Chemistry.com's chief
scientific adviser, and she helped develop the site, a sister site to Match.com.

But scholars are also pursuing academic research using anonymous profile content
given to them as a professional courtesy by dating sites. Often the researchers
supplement that with surveys and in-person interviews by recruiting online
daters through advertisements on campuses, in newspapers and on Web sites like
Craigslist.

Here's some of what they have learned, including maxims for singles: why
opposites don't attract and honesty is not always the best policy.

TRUTHINESS

Do online daters have a propensity to lie? Do we really need scientists to
answer this question?

If you are curious about numbers: about 81 percent of people misrepresent their
height, weight or age in their profiles, according to a study led by Catalina L.
Toma, an assistant professor in the department of communication arts at the
University of Wisconsin-Madison who wanted to learn more about how people
present themselves and how they judge misrepresentation. On the bright side:
people tend to tell small lies because, after all, they may eventually meet in
person.

Professor Toma; Jeffrey T. Hancock, an associate professor at Cornell; and
Nicole B. Ellison, an associate professor in the department of
telecommunication, information studies and media at Michigan State University,
interviewed online daters in New York City, weighed and measured them,
photographed them, checked their ages against their driver's licenses and
studied their dating profiles.

On average, the women described themselves as 8.5 pounds thinner in their
profiles than they really were. Men fibbed by 2 pounds, though they lied by a
greater magnitude than women about their height, rounding up a half inch
(apparently every bit counts).

People were most honest about their age, something Professor Toma said is
probably because they can claim ignorance about weight and height. Even so, in a
different study she found that women's profile photographs were on average a
year and a half old. Men's were on average six months old.

''Daters lie to meet the expectations of what they think their audience is,''
Professor Toma said.

A paper to be published in the Journal of Communication used computer analysis
to show that four linguistic indictors can help detect lying in the personal
essay of a dating profile.

Liars tend to use fewer first-person pronouns. Professor Toma said this is an
indication of psychological distancing: ''You're feeling guilty or anxious or
nervous.'' Liars use more negative words like ''not'' and ''never,'' yet another
way of putting up a buffer. Liars use fewer negative emotion words like ''sad''
and ''upset,'' and they write shorter online personal essays. (It's easier not
to get caught if you say less.)

Scholars say a certain amount of fibbing is socially acceptable -- even
necessary -- to compete in the online dating culture. Professor Ellison's
research shows that lying is partly a result of tension between the desire to be
truthful and the desire to put one's best face forward. So profiles often
describe an idealized self; one with qualities they intend to develop (i.e., ''I
scuba dive'') or things they once had (i.e., a job). Some daters bend the truth
to fit into a wider range of search parameters; others unintentionally
misrepresent their personalities because self-knowledge is imperfect.

The standard of embellishment can frustrate the honest. ''So if I say I am 44,
people think that I am 48,'' said one man interviewed by Professor Ellison and
colleagues in a separate study.

But there is an upside to deception: it may inspire one to, as Professor Ellison
put it, ''close the gap between actual and ideal self.'' One interviewee lied
about her weight in her profile, and it was all the motivation she needed. She
subsequently lost 44 pounds while online dating.

GUESS WHO'S NOT COMING TO DINNER

''Stick to your own kind,'' goes the ''West Side Story'' refrain, a phenomenon
that sociologists call homophily: love of the same. And they have observed this
among online daters. But here is what they did not expect to discover: a very
high rate of same-ethnicity dating.

''One of the theories of how the Internet might affect dating is that it might
erode the tendency of people to mate with people like themselves,'' said
Professor Rosenfeld of Stanford. ''I really expected there to be more
interracial relationships for meeting online. And it wasn't true.''

Research on a major dating site between February 2009 and February 2010 by
Professor Mendelsohn and his colleagues shows that more than 80 percent of the
contacts initiated by white members were to other white members, and only 3
percent to black members. Black members were less rigid: they were 10 times more
likely to contact whites than whites were to contact blacks.

''What you've got is basically the reluctance of white Americans to date and to
contact members of other ethnicities, particularly African-Americans,'' he said.
''We are nowhere near the post-racial age.''

Professor Mendelsohn set out to study relationship formation, not ethnicity. Yet
along the way he found that white more than black, women more than men, and old
more than young prefer a same-race partner.

Some people indicated that they were willing to date different ethnicities, but
they didn't. ''What people say they want in a mate and what qualities they
actually seek don't tend to correspond,'' said Coye Cheshire, an associate
professor at the School of Information at Berkeley who has studied this with Mr.
Fiore, Professor Mendelsohn and Lindsay Shaw Taylor, a member of the school's
self, identity and relationships lab.

HE SAID, SHE SAID

Gender parity, it seems, isn't sexy. Women want men who are -- wait for it --
tall and wealthy, according to online dating research by Gunter J. Hitsch and
Ali Hortacsu at the University of Chicago, and Dan Ariely of Duke. The
researchers have examined thousands of dating profiles that included height,
weight and, in many cases, photographs. They found that women prefer men who are
slightly overweight, while men prefer women who are slightly underweight and who
do not tower over them. These were the women who had the best chance of
receiving an introductory e-mail from a man.

And even though men may get away with carrying a few extra pounds, they are also
burdened with the expectation of carrying a fatter wallet: The scholars found
that women have a stronger preference than men do for income over physical
attributes.

STRANGE BEDFELLOWS

Decades of findings about political ideology suggest that it is in part passed
from parents to children, said Rose McDermott, a professor of political science
at Brown University. And because previous studies show that people in long
marriages align politically (the crackling example of James Carville and Mary
Matalin aside), she wanted to study how people end up with like-minded mates.

Professor McDermott and colleagues at the University of Miami and Penn State
examined 2,944 dating profiles, and few people were willing to express a
political preference or interest in politics. Professor McDermott suspects that
this is because they wanted to attract as many dates as possible.

But though it could make for an interesting campaign year, such daters could be
making a mistake if they are seeking long-term partners.

''I was personally really shocked,'' said Professor McDermott, whose study was
published this year in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior. ''People were
much more likely to say 'I'm fat' than 'I'm a conservative.' ''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: IT'S REAL: Andrew T. Fiore, a scientist at Facebook, said
online dating provides ''true to life'' data. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ANNIE TRITT FOR THE
NEW YORK TIMES)(ST8)
 COMPARISONS: Nicole B. Ellison of Michigan State weighed and measured daters.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY EMILY BERL FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)(ST9) DRAWING (DRAWING BY
GRAHAM ROUMIEU)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              229 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Cruz 'stole' Iowa, Trump tweets

BYLINE: Ken Herman and Jonathan Tilove American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1189 words


GOFFSTOWN, N.H. - Donald Trump tweeted Wednesday that U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz "didn't
win Iowa, he stole it" with a couple of campaign dirty tricks, and that "either
a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified."

Ted Cruz retweeted Trump's accusation with a retort and a new coinage, "Yet
another #Trumpertantrum... @realDonaldTrump very angry w/the people of Iowa.
They actually looked at his record."

Asked by reporters at a campaign stop at the Village Trestle in Goffstown - the
third of five stops Wednesday in New Hampshire, which holds its primary Tuesday
- whether he was angered or amused by Trump's tweets, Cruz said, "I wake up
every day and laugh at the last thing Donald tweeted because he's losing it."

"We need a commander-in-chief, not a twitterer-in-chief," Cruz said. "We need
someone with the judgment and the temperament to keep this country safe. I don't
know anyone who would be comfortable with someone who behaves this way having
his finger on the button. We're liable to wake up one morning and Donald, if he
were president, would have nuked Denmark. That's not the temperament of a leader
to keep this country safe."

The escalating rhetorical combat between the first- and second-place finishers
in Monday's Iowa GOP caucuses came even as Rand Paul, who finished fifth in the
caucuses with 4.5 percent of the vote, announced he was getting out of the race
to concentrate on re-election to his U.S. Senate seat.

Former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, who won the Iowa caucuses in
2012 but finished 11th with 1 percent of the vote Monday, announced his exit
from the race Wednesday evening and endorsed U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida.

The departure of Paul and Santorum was unlikely to shake up the race to any
noticeable degree.

Among Paul's supporters in Iowa, 12 percent said their second choice was Trump,
11 percent each said it was Mike Huckabee, John Kasich or Rubio, while 9 percent
said it was Carly Fiorina and 8 percent said it was Cruz, according to Tom
Jensen of Public Policy Polling.

In the second-choice polling, "Out of Santorum's nine supporters in Iowa, three
went to (Dr. Ben) Carson, two to Trump, and one each to Fiorina, Huckabee,
Kasich and Rubio," Jensen said.

Cruz mailer attacked

There is no prospect that Trump will get a "do-over" in Iowa, though he said "I
probably will" file a formal complaint about what he alleged were two "dirty
tricks" by the Cruz campaign.

One allegation was that the Cruz campaign was spreading a false report at
caucuses that Carson was quitting the race, and encouraging Carson supporters to
switch to Cruz.

The second complaint was that the campaign sent a deceptive mailer to Cruz
backers - fashioned to look like a government notice - indicating that, unlike
specified neighbors, they hadn't met their obligation to vote in recent
elections, in an apparent attempt to scare or shame them into attending a
caucus.

In a statement posted to his Facebook page Saturday, Iowa Secretary of State
Paul Pate also criticized the Cruz mailer.

"Today I was shown a piece of literature from the Cruz for President campaign
that misrepresents the role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election
law. Accusing citizens of a â  Voting violation' based on Iowa Caucus
participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act.
There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting.
Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in
keeping in the spirit of the Iowa caucuses."

Iowa State University political scientist David Peterson, who received the
notice and compared notices received by others to state records, also said
Wednesday that the voting participation information cited in the mailer was
inaccurate and seemed only designed to give each recipient a shameful flunking
grade.

In Sioux City, Iowa, on Saturday night, Cruz had defended the tactic.

"I will apologize to no one for using every tool we can to encourage Iowa voters
to come out and vote," Cruz told reporters. "Our country's in crisis."

Pate issued a statement Wednesday saying that any complaint about the conduct of
the caucuses would have to be filed with the state and national Republican
Party, which have jurisdiction over the caucuses.

Carson wants rerun

As a political matter, the Cruz-Trump dust-up could complicate Cruz's efforts to
inherit or steal support from Carson as the campaign continues.

Cruz and Carson both rely heavily on the support of conservative evangelical
Christians, and Cruz's surge in Iowa late last year was in direct proportion to
Carson's slide.

Despite his eroding poll numbers, Carson, who won 9.3 percent of the vote in
Iowa, remains enormously popular with the party electorate, particularly
evangelical Christians.

Cruz apologized to Carson on Tuesday and issued a statement: "Last night when
our political team saw the CNN post saying that Dr. Carson was not carrying on
to New Hampshire and South Carolina, our campaign updated grassroots leaders
just as we would with any breaking news story. That's fair game.

"What the team then should have done was send around the follow-up statement
from the Carson campaign clarifying that he was indeed staying in the race when
that came out."

In a press conference Wednesday in Washington and in cable TV appearances,
Carson said the apology was insufficient and that someone on the Cruz campaign
should be held accountable.

Cruz, at this campaign stop, said there would be no "scapegoating" members of
his staff, but Carson said, "You have to do something because accountability is
necessary. If you are just going to allow things to happen and say â  oops,
sorry,' that's not going to help."

At 6:43 p.m. Monday, just before the start of the caucus, CNN reported that
Carson was heading home to Florida and would be going to the National Prayer
Breakfast in Washington on Thursday, instead of heading to New Hampshire or
South Carolina to campaign, and that this sent a signal he wasn't serious about
his campaign.

The Trump accusation is that Cruz supporters, speaking at caucuses, used that
information to declare that Carson was bowing out and that caucus-goers should
consider voting for Cruz instead.

"I can tell you at one of the caucuses my wife went to, one of the Cruz people
had spoken before she came in and said I was dropping out, and that they should
really seriously consider not wasting their vote," Carson said.

Asked by Neil Cavuto on Fox News whether he agreed with Trump that the caucuses
should be re-run, Carson said, "If it could be done easily, I think it would be
a great idea, but I don't think it could be done easily."

Contact Ken Herman

at 512-445-3907.

Contact Jonathan Tilove

at 512-445-3572.

Expert reporting
  American-Statesman columnist Ken Herman reported from New Hampshire, where he
 is spending eight days following Ted Cruz and other GOP candidates. He has
covered Texas politics since 1979 and every presidential campaign since 1988.
  Statesman chief political writer Jonathan Tilove reported from Iowa, where he
 spent the past two weeks. He has covered the Cruz campaign since it launched
last year.


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 13, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

F.D.A. TELLS COMPANY TO REVISE DRUG DESCRIPTION

BYLINE: By IRVIN MOLOTSKY, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 31, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 549 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 12


The Food and Drug Administration has taken the unusual step of telling a drug
manufacturer to recall a press release it had issued on the safety and
effectiveness of one of its medicines.

The Federal agency accused ICN Pharmaceuticals of Costa Mesa, Calif., of issuing
a press kit that included false or misleading statements about its drug
Virazole. The drug had been approved by the agency for the treatment of
respiratory syncytial virus infection, but the F.D.A. said that the press
release exaggerated both the severity of the illness it was designed to treat
and the effectiveness of the drug in treating other illnesses.

A spokesman for the agency said the action, initiated in a letter March 24,
appeared to be only the second time that it had moved in such a way against a
drug maker. The previous incident, he said, involved a press release promoting
the drug Oraflex that was distributed by Eli Lilly & Company.

'Gross Exaggeration' Charged

The Federal agency cited the following statement in the press release as false
or misleading: ''Virazole holds a great potential because of its broad-spectrum
antiviral action. The drug's usefulness in combating respiratory syncytial
virus, influenza, measles, chicken pox, herpes simplex and herpes zoster,
hepatitis A, Lassa fever and sandfly fever has been demonstrated in worldwide
clinical research.''

In a letter to the chairman of ICN, Milan Panic, the agency said, ''The press
kit grossly exaggerates the efficacy of Virazole beyond the single, limited
indication provided in the approved labeling in that there are numerous
representations and suggestions of efficacy in a wide variety of viral
infections.''

The F.D.A. spokesman, William Grigg, said the agency could take the action
because press releases were regarded as an extension of drug labeling, over
which it has authority.

Other Government agencies, like the Security and Exchange Commission, have acted
against press releases issued by corporations.

An official of the American Civil Liberties Union said he did not know enough
about the case to comment on whether the action constituted a First Amendment
free-speech issue.

No Comment From Company

Officers of ICN would not comment on the case. Owen Daley, a senior vice
president of Hill & Knowlton, the public relations company that distributed the
press material, said, ''They are prepared to demonstrate to the F.D.A. that they
did not misrepresent deliberately approval of this product for the purposes for
which it was not intended.''

As to his own concern's role, Mr. Daley said: ''Hill & Knowlton did not prepare
the press release. We were assured by ICN that the substance was correct.''

In its letter to Mr. Panic, the Food and Drug Administration said, ''Generally,
we believe that the press kit and related materials have resulted in the
communication of false and/or misleading concepts concerning the safety and
efficacy of Virazole.''

In addition, the F.D.A. charged that the press kit ''misrepresents the safety
profile of Virazole, as currently known.''

The F.D.A. told ICN that it must provide a list of all recipients of its press
release and send them a new, corrected description. Failing that, the agency
said ICN faced seizure of the drug on the ground of mislabeling.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              231 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 5, 2009 Sunday

Charity cuts ties to food distributor: Cherry Street Mission says agency
misrepresents its community role

BYLINE: Steve Eder, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1380 words


Apr. 5--Cherry Street Mission Ministries is severing its ties with the Toledo
Northwestern Ohio Food Bank, accusing the not-for-profit food distributor of
using deceptive fund-raising tactics and strong-arming food pantries that feed
the poor.

The Cherry Street Mission, which runs homeless shelters and prepares more than
700 meals each day, is among a number of food pantries and soup kitchens giving
fresh thought to where they get their food at a time they are contending with a
rising need for assistance.

The Rev. Dan Rogers, president and CEO of Cherry Street Mission Ministries, is
angry that Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank claims in fund-raising literature
that it provides meals for the hungry when, in fact, the food bank doesn't
directly feed anyone. Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank, one of two food banks
serving the region, sells food by the pound and case to pantries and soup
kitchens.

"The problem comes in when there's deceptive practices and organizations are
giving to the food bank with the idea that those foods are going to be made
available to the hungry community," Mr. Rogers said. "But when they are not, or
when they are charged a premium, it gets dicey."

James Caldwell, CEO of Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank, said in an e-mail to
The Blade last week that the Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank was disappointed
that Cherry Street Mission was ending its relationship but that it hoped to
continue working with the organization, which is among 250 that it serves.

Mr. Caldwell said Cherry Street has purchased more than 137,000 pounds of food
from the bank in the last six years and has received 27,000 pounds of produce
and high-protein items at no cost.

Mr. Caldwell said every member agency completes an application that the food
bank uses to apply for funding for food distribution programs and that Cherry
Street Mission has complied in the past.

"[We] hope to work with them to continue helping them provide much needed
services to the community," Mr. Caldwell said in his e-mail.

QUESTIONS ARISE

Last month, The Blade reported that some advocates for the poor questioned why
Toledo and the region needed two major not-for-profit food banks and questioned
whether the costs of the Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank and the Toledo
Seagate Food Bank were being duplicated.

The Blade's analysis of the Internal Revenue Service filings showed that Toledo
Seagate Food Bank received $1.3 million less in revenue that the Toledo
Northwestern Ohio Food Bank but distributes almost double the amount of food.
Combined, the food banks have revenues of $9.3 million and distribute 9.85
million pounds of food.

Mr. Caldwell receives an annual salary of $152,000 to lead the food bank, the
James C. Caldwell Community Center, and Second Harvest Community Services of
Northwest Ohio, which is the parent of the other two entities. Deb Vas, the
executive director of the Toledo Seagate Food Bank, receives $31,200 a year.

"The fact of the matter is that Toledo doesn't need two food banks," Mr. Rogers
said. "It really doesn't. The whole idea that we all have our niche and we all
do our thing is just what everybody says. But until we start taking an honest
look at redundancy, it is going to be a financial shell game in the community."

ISSUE OF FUND-RAISING

To boost its coffers, the Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank spent $126,000 on
professional fund-raising last year.

Mr. Caldwell said the money was used to hire a national organization that
"develops and distributes direct mail programs and newsletters for a large
number of food banks."

"This has allowed us to greatly expand our efforts to increase awareness of the
food bank throughout our region," Mr. Caldwell wrote in a recent e-mail to The
Blade. "And most important, this program has significantly improved our
fund-raising success."

The fund-raising techniques that the food bank uses have stoked the ire of the
Cherry Street Mission Ministries and other feeding programs, such as Food For
Thought. For its mailings, the food bank requires its clients -- food pantries
and soup kitchens -- to report the number of meals they serve. Those numbers are
then used in fund-raising literature.

Mr. Caldwell said in an e-mail that the fund-raising material addresses the
amount of food and the number of meals needed to feed the hungry.

"We do not directly feed the hungry in our community -- our 250 agencies do, and
we help in that process by working with food suppliers and other food banks
across the country to make a variety of food available to our agencies," Mr.
Caldwell wrote. "We do not misrepresent our work in our mailings, nor do we
misrepresent the work of our agencies."

SOURCE OF FRICTION

Last month, the Cherry Street Mission said the food bank informed the mission
that it must supply its numbers or it would be prohibited from purchasing from
the food bank. The Cherry Street Mission refused, effectively terminating its
relationship.

"Northwest Ohio used a direct-mail campaign deceptively telling our community
how many meals your organization would provide, when in fact your organization
provides zero meals," Mr. Rogers wrote in a letter to Mr. Caldwell. "Only
through the work of organizations like Cherry Street Mission Ministries are
meals provided."

The fee for food at Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank is typically 18 cents per
pound, depending on what's being purchased -- and the charge is consistent with
handling fees assessed by other food banks that are part of the national Feeding
America network. Other foods are sold by the case, and on special occasions,
foodstuffs are distributed without fees.

QUESTIONS OF COST

Don Schiewer, the executive director of Food for Thought, a program that feeds
more than 1,000 people a month, said food purchased from Toledo Northwestern
Ohio Food Bank is sometimes more expensive than if the feeding program bought
directly from supermarkets.

"Really, what's happening is that the food is ultimately getting in the hands of
those in need at a cost that's greater than the actual cost of the food," Mr.
Schiewer said. "A lot of the donors have no concept of that."

He added, "Northwest doesn't feed any families in need. They sell the food to
food pantries who get the food in the hands of people in need."

To address concerns about getting affordable food to the hungry in Northwestern
Ohio, Mr. Schiewer's organization is joining with others, including Toledo Area
Ministries, to consider options for obtaining affordable food.

"As the need continues to rise, we are still working with limited dollars so we
are doing everything we can do to figure out how we can purchase food less
expensively," the Rev. Steve Anthony of Toledo Area Ministries said.

LOOKING ELSEWHERE

Some organizations that feed the poor, such as Cherry Street Mission, are
looking to expand their relationships with the Toledo Seagate Food Bank, which
does not charge for food. But the food Toledo Seagate distributes can only go so
far.

"They have so many agencies that are on a waiting list and they are only given
so much food," Bishop Scot Deibert of Christ Church Triumphant said.

For that reason, Mr. Deibert is hopeful both food banks will survive -- and
others will begin to appear.

"I'd like to see about six of them -- north, south, east, west, suburban, and
rural," said Mr. Deibert, who receives most of his food from Seagate and buys
some specialty items from Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank.

Mr. Deibert said his twice-monthly pantry ran out of food last week about a
half-hour before it was supposed to close, making it clear to him the need for
more food sources.

"This whole thing of people losing jobs and factories shutting down -- this
isn't a dream that we are still asleep and we haven't woken up yet," Mr. Deibert
said. "This is really affecting people nationwide and right here in Toledo."

Contact Steve Eder at:

seder@theblade.com or

419-304-1680.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090405-TO-Charity-cuts-ties-to-food-distributor-0405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2009 The Blade


                              232 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 15, 2007 Sunday

OPINION: Positive, negative sides to allowing story commenting

BYLINE: Terry Ross, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 688 words


Jul. 15--Recently, we made some changes in our Web site (yumasun.com) and one of
them allows users to make comments directly on articles that we publish there.
It has turned out to be a two-edged sword for us.

On the positive side, the feature has proved very popular with Web users. Our
page views climbed significantly after we introduced the feature. That's
important to us because it expands the readership of information we produce and
readership helps convince advertisers to place ads with us.

It also has been positive because it enables the community to directly
communicate their views on the work we are doing. Sometimes the result is pretty
humbling, as critics tell us where we went wrong or question our news judgment.
Other times it may be praise for our work. Either way it helps us judge how we
are doing our jobs.

The comments feature can also be useful in providing additional information that
we may have missed or which simply was not available to us. It is a way for
members of the community to become reporters on their own, informing everyone
about what they know about an event.

That is a very powerful aspect of the comment feature and we plan to encourage
even more community participation in the information-gathering process in the
coming months as we transition to a new approach to how we do our jobs.

In many ways the comment feature is like neighbors discussing something. Each
will provide their perspective and perhaps additional details. It is something
that tends to happen naturally in small towns but less so in larger communities
like ours.

Unfortunately, we have discovered there can be a negative side to the feature
also. When you encourage free expression, as we are doing, there are some who
will choose to abuse it. That includes those who will misrepresent themselves as
other people. While we do not require people to use their own names -- and
generally everyone picks their own pseudonym -- it is very wrong to adopt
someone else's real name and misrepresent their thinking. That is not free
expression, it is vindictive and dishonest.

There have been other instances where people who post comments have been
offensive or mean-spirited in what they say. Sometimes the comments are
downright cruel. There are also people who cannot restrain themselves from
vomiting their racist viewpoints into cyberspace.

Trying to find a method that encourages the positive aspects of commenting while
discouraging the negative ones is difficult. Our primary tool at this point is
the members of our community. We encourage people to post their own comments in
response, or failing that to "self-police" the comments area.

This can be done through the use of a "Remove Comment" link that accompanies
each comment. If there are enough people who click on "Remove Comment," then it
will automatically be deleted. When users notice that comments have been
removed, that is almost always the way it was done.

Unfortunately, it is not always an effective tool. Sometimes people do not
remove comments for just cause, but simply out of spite or because they happen
to disagree with the viewpoint rather than it being truly offensive.

The use of comments on our Web site will undoubtedly be an evolving feature.
Perhaps better tools will emerge in the future to keep the usefulness of it
without so much of the pettiness.

It is a disappointment that some people have so little self-responsibility and
self-respect that they take pleasure in hurting others. But it is a reality and
we have all run into them at times.

It makes you want to scream, "Why don't you grow up!"

---

Terry Ross is editor of The Sun. E-mail him at tross@yumasun.com or phone him at
539-6870. His Editor's Notebook blog is at www.yumasun.com/blogs.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20070715-YZ-0715-OPINION-Positive-negative-sides-to-allowing-story-commenting

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2007 The Sun


                              233 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            October 24, 2004 Sunday

SPECIAL INVESTIGATION;
RIGHT TO KNOW;
Audit designed to adhere to ethical standards;
The Register's project involved months of research, organizing and training.

BYLINE: By ALDRIN BROWN, The Orange County Register

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 807 words


Managers of some local government agencies cried foul when they learned that
dozens of Orange County Register reporters had approached their agencies' front
counters and asked for public records without openly declaring they were working
journalists.

``I didn't like how it was done,'' said James Tarwater, superintendent of Ocean
View School District in Huntington Beach. ``I thought it was very
unprofessional. I would have liked you to be up front.''

The Aug. 25 audit of police departments, school districts and city halls
culminated three months of research, planning and training intended to test
whether local governments abide by California's open-records law.

Equally important was ensuring that the Register treated the agencies fairly and
carefully adhered to the highest ethical standards, said Editor Ken Brusic.

``Our staff was instructed not to lie or misrepresent themselves,'' Brusic said.
``We were trying to find out what access the public had to public records. We
didn't want our reporting role to influence that process.''

In the weeks leading up to the audit, planners of the project at the Register
consulted with ethicists in the fields of journalism and public administration,
reviewed past public-records audits and queried journalists in other states
about their methods.

The result was a set of procedures and guidelines requiring that reporters
request records honestly while giving only their first names.

Under normal circumstances, Register reporters are required to fully identify
themselves and to make it clear that they are gathering news. The Register's
stringent ethical policy even bars the use of unnamed sources in all but rare
cases.

For this project, the newspaper deviated from its rules to ensure that agencies
did not treat reporters differently than other citizens.

Reporters were told not to fill out detailed forms or give addresses, telephone
numbers or other identifying information not required by state law. Reporters
underwent at least two hours of training, including role-playing drills.

When pressed for personal information or a reason for their request, reporters
were, in essence, instructed to cite from a script: ``Do I have to give you that
information in order to get the record? Are you sure? Is there anyone else I can
talk to?''

Fountain Valley School District was among the agencies that ultimately turned
over documents detailing the superintendent's salary and spending records -- but
not before the superintendent himself attempted to find out the requester's name
and purpose.

``I didn't say that she had to (tell me). I did say it would be the right thing
to do,'' Superintendent Marc Ecker said. ``I was a little miffed.''

Later, Ecker's secretary was telephoned by an associate in another district who
received a similar request from someone named Zaheera.

That person was quickly identified as Register reporter Zaheera Wahid, Ecker
said.

Word spread of the audit.

``E-mails were flying among the school districts regarding these requests,''
Ecker said.

It was unclear whether discovery of the audit influenced some school districts'
compliance with records requests.

But asking for ID or a reason can have a chilling effect on citizens seeking
public documents, some experts said.

``It shouldn't matter at all who is asking for them,'' said Mark Rom, an
ethicist and associate professor at Georgetown University. ``In fact, I think it
would be inappropriate for public officials to ask those questions.''

During an earlier public- records audit conducted by the Contra Costa Times, one
government employee entered the name of a requester into a computer search
engine and learned the person worked for the press.

In another, a public employee used a computer to obtain a personal address for a
requester and contacted that person at home.

A key goal of the Register's procedure was to avoid discovery of the audit while
ensuring that reporters did not give false names or deny they were journalists.

``I don't see any difficulty if you don't misrepresent yourselves,'' said Bryce
Nelson, a professor at USC's Annenberg School of Journalism and a former
reporter for the Los Angeles Times and New York Times. ``I do think you have an
obligation to answer truthfully any questions you answer.''

Some agencies did not question the Register's methods.

The city of Tustin was among the agencies that failed to comply with the open-
records law after a secretary demanded a written request. City Manager Bill
Huston explained that the city clerk and city attorney were on vacation and the
secretary was not aware that written requests were optional.

``I have no problem what soever with the newspaper doing this,'' Huston said.
``That's the role the media plays in our society, to let people know this kind
of thing. It's our obligation to comply with the law.''

(714) 796-6741 or abrown@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              234 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           February 2, 2006 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Readers call back about the dangers of dialing while driving

BYLINE: Tom Lindley

SECTION: NEWS; TOM LINDLEY; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 966 words


My cell phone rant last week apparently rang true with many of you.

If you missed it, my point was that cell phone users need to shut up and drive
instead of putting others on the road in fear for our lives.

At the risk of sounding old and grumpy, I wondered aloud whether Sen. Constance
Johnson's bill to limit the use of handheld cellular devices by motor vehicle
operators had a chance of passage in the land of unlimited cell phone minutes.

A few of you told me to wake up, that cell phone conversations aren't what we
really have to fear -- it's all that text messaging people do while they drive.

But judging by the volume of e-mails and phone calls I received, a lot of you
have something to get off your chest.

Let's start with Jerry:

"I drive 200 to 400 miles per week and see bizarre actions involving cell
phones. I once met a woman in downtown Oklahoma City going the wrong way in my
lane and on her cell phone. When I honked and changed lanes, we both stopped. It
was spring and we both had our windows down and as I looked over to tell her she
was going the wrong way, she continued her conversation but gave me a big smile.
I told her to put the phone down because she surely was not smart enough to do
two things at once. I don't think any of us are really."

Pamela had another familiar story:

I've had so many near misses while driving because of other drivers on the cell
phone, it's becoming a nightmare to drive. You know immediately that someone
must be on their phone when they're driving their reaction time is much slower
than it should be.

"I've almost been rear-ended because traffic slowed suddenly and the person
behind me was too busy talking to notice. I was just behind a long line of cars
yesterday trying to merge onto Hefner Parkway behind a man in a pickup going 40
(mph), you guessed it, on his cell phone. The cars behind him had to quickly
merge into the next lane and accelerate to avoid being rear-ended by the 65 mph
traffic coming up behind us. I don't know if hands- free phones would be the
answer, but if it helps any, that would be a blessing."

Steve's horror story goes like this:

"Just the other day I saw a gal in a SUV coming towards me checking her makeup
in the rearview mirror and talking on her cell at the same time. Who was
driving? Now that one really scared me."

Walter makes an argument that is hard to refute:

"Driving demands that you have all your attention faculties focused. An animal
darting across the road, a piece of lumber falling off the back of a truck, a
flat tire -- all require immediate attention and action. This is impossible
while engaged in a chatty conversation on a cell phone. The speeds we drive on
the freeways make it mandatory that we have all of our attention focused on the
highway and traffic."

It's going to be difficult for Walter to get his wish when so many have so
little regard for the respect of others.

Nonetheless, Ella's point was that we have to draw the line somewhere:

"I find it worrisome enough to be concerned about drunk drivers, drugged
drivers, sleepy drivers, makeup-applying drivers and generally careless and
dangerous drivers without having to be concerned with cell phone talking
drivers," she said. "I nearly got smashed into at NW 23 and Broadway once. A
young woman talking on a cell phone ran a red light."

But a few of you said the last thing we need is another poorly enforced law.

"I'm a careful driver even when using the phone," John said. "I am no more
distracted than you would be if you were talking to your wife while she was
sitting next to you. Is that next on your list of arrestable (sic) offenses?"

One reader reminded that the state already has a law on the books to deal with
cell phone users who are driven to distraction. It's known as a "driving in a
manner not reasonable and proper," and it can be punishable with a large fine.

"A couple of years ago the Legislature passed a law making it a crime to steal
fish," Wilson said. "It was already a crime to steal fish. It is known as
larceny. Last year the Legislature passed a law making it a crime to
misrepresent the number of honeybees in a hive that is being sold. It was
already a crime to misrepresent the number of bees. It is called fraud."

The rationale is that if a new law is passed, most people will obey it. Over
time it worked with the seat belt law, which everyone with any sort of waistline
groused about at first.

It's too early to know whether Johnson's bill will spark any interest in the
Legislature. The e-mails I'm getting favor her idea, but in reality the odds
don't look good.

Rural Oklahoma probably doesn't see it as a problem, not with traffic on the
decline. And who wants to take the risk of getting government more involved in
our lives?

But a few of you aren't waiting for the law to act. You're taking matters into
your own hands.

Lee is one of them:

"As an occasional reader, but definitely a regular in the driver's seat, I too
laugh, lament and loathe some of the insanity out there. But this is certainly a
case where a good defense is also the best defense. Before my daughter could
drive, (and, later, when she did drive) she would constantly berate me for
keeping my thumb, or whatever, on the horn. My response then, as is now, "You
can never overestimate the stupidity of some people. I keep my thumb on the horn
so that if anyone gets even close to my airspace, they're going to hear about
it."

I got another suggestion for how to combat the annoying ring of a cell phone in
public places.

"By the way, a water pistol in a movie theater is quite effective," Vernon said.

Of course, that could get us into gun control, which is a topic for another day.

Write me: P.O. Box 25125, Oklahoma City, OK 73125 Fax me: 475-3183 Call me:
(405) 936-0175 E-mail me: tlindley@cox.net

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 30, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR : EDITORIAL IGNORED FACTS ON PRISON HEALTH CARE

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B6

LENGTH: 436 words


Your April 20 editorial on Missouri's prisons was based on a disregard and
miscasting of facts in support of an unstated, but very real, agenda.

You write that a female inmate died after she received migraine medication from
CMS personnel that interacted with other medications she was taking at the time.
By describing the situation in this way, and including it in an editorial
calling for changes in how Missouri's prisons are administered, you clearly
imply that this person died because she received the medication in question.

In fact, and as both we, the Department of Corrections and an independent
inspector general's report have, on more than one occasion, informed the
Post-Dispatch in writing, there is no factual basis to assert that such was the
case. The individual in question suffered from numerous other physical
conditions which, individually and in aggregate, explain her death.

In fact, the independent coroner reported that the cause of death was
arteriosclerotic heart disease. Representations to the contrary by the
plaintiff's attorney, who has his own ax to grind, in no way empowers the
Post-Dispatch to misrepresent the facts so seriously.

Your repetitive and biased attacks on our company have characterized the
Post-Dispatch throughout its coverage of our company. Whether it be in your own
prejudicial "news" reports, which you repeatedly cite as some kind of valid
authority, or in your biased editorial commentary, you have consistently ignored
factual evidence, independent findings and any perspectives that are at variance
with your highly partisan, and extremely unfair, point of view.

The truth is that Missouri's prison inmates are better served today than they
were before we were contracted to provide their medical care. This improvement
is demonstrated by an increase in the number of physicians currently available
to prisoners. It is revealed by a reduction in the number of complaints received
from prisoners. It is made evident by comparing the mortality rates among
Missouri's prison inmates with similar statistics for state prison inmates
across the country.

We, as members of this community, ask that the Post-Dispatch report the news. We
do not ask that you create stories to make news. We believe that responsibility
is incumbent upon you, as the only local daily paper. It is a shame that the
Post-Dispatch has chosen, for its own self-serving reasons, to ignore and/or
misrepresent material facts over and over in reporting its stories.

Michael G. Pfeiffer

Executive Vice President, Correctional Medical Services

Creve Coeur

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              236 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                           January 25, 2003, Saturday

MEDIATION LIKELY CLOSED TO OWNERS; MOBLIE HOME LIVING

BYLINE: DAN PERRY Ledger Correspondent

SECTION: Real Estate; Pg. 16L; 6W

LENGTH: 916 words


Q. We have mediation scheduled in our park's clubhouse soon. A number of our
homeowners wish to monitor the mediation by sitting in the audience section. We
understand they would not be permitted to participate but may they watch?

A. I would not object. But in recent cases where the homeowners requested this,
neither the mediator or the park owner's attorneys have agreed to allow other
homeowners to be present.

Q. Recently we successfully petitioned Department of Business and Professional
Regulation (DBPR) for mediation. Our park owner is really angry with us and
claims our board pressured people into signing mediation paperwork that they did
not understand. What can we do about this? The park owner is trying to make our
board look bad.

A. It is very unlikely that DBPR would second-guess the signatures on the
successful petition. Your park owner's flimsy and weak effort to upset the
mediation process could backfire on him. It would help to remember that Section
723.0615 of the Florida Mobile Home Act makes it unlawful for the park owner to
engage in retaliatory conduct including, but not limited to situations where:
"... (a) The homeowner has in good faith complained to a governmental agency
charged with responsibility for enforcement of a building, housing, or health
code of a suspected violation applicable to the mobile home park; (b) The
homeowner has organized, encouraged, or participated in a homeowners'
organization; or (c) The homeowner has complained to the park owner for failure
to comply with s. 723.022."

Interestingly, retaliatory conduct by the park owner may be a common-law
criminal offense punishable by a maximum of one year in jail and/or a maximum
fine of $ 500 under Sections 775.01 and 775.02 of the Florida Criminal Code.

Q. Recently I read in your column that we could change our bylaws to require
only a 30 percent quorum rather than the 50 percent for issues that do not
concern rights secured by Chapter 723. What about electing directors? Do we
still need 50 percent?

A. No. The election of directors by a majority is not a "right" of a member
secured by Chapter 723. Therefore, you can amend your bylaws to use the 30
percent figure to establish a quorum.

Q. One of our board members is openly violating our park rules and regulations.
She is parking on the streets, speeding through the park and having guests for
longer than the rules allow. Can we remove her from the board?

A. Yes, you can recall her. Section 723.078(2)(j) reads "Any member of the board
of directors may be recalled and removed from office with or without cause by
the vote of or agreement in writing by a majority of all members. A special
meeting of the members to recall a member or members of the board of directors
may be called by 10 percent of the members giving notice of the meeting as
required for a meeting of members, and the notice shall state the purpose of the
meeting."

Q. Our hot tub has not been working over the last few years. It is advertised as
an amenity even though it is not specifically mentioned in the prospectus. The
park manager keeps telling us that they will get around to fixing it. When we
ask the manager she claims that she doesn't have to fix it since it is not a
"service" mentioned in the prospectus. Can we sue them over this?

A. Yes. Despite your manager's protestations, the failure to maintain the hot
tub is a reduction of service under Section 723.037 of the Florida Mobile Home
Act entitling an affected home owner to a reduction in lot rental. It is
completely wrong to state that the omission from the prospectus means that it is
not a "service" provided by the owner.

Remember, Section 723.016(4) prohibits advertising or oral statements by
management that: "(a) Misrepresent a fact or create a false or misleading
impression regarding the mobile home or mobile home park. (b) Contain any
asterisk or other reference symbol as a means of contradicting or substantially
changing any statement previously made or as a means of obscuring a material
fact. (c) Misrepresent the size, nature, extent, qualities, or characteristics
of the offered facilities. (d) Misrepresent the nature or extent of any service
incident to the tenancy."

Your manager is certainly misleading or misrepresenting to homeowners (both
prospective purchasers and existing home owners) both as to the "... nature,
extent and qualities, or characteristics of the offered facilities ..." and "...
nature or extent of any service incident to the tenancy" by her advertising that
you have a hot tub (which is broken) and by her statements that she is not
required to timely maintain that hot tub.

Section 723.017 provides compensation (in addition to any lot rental reduction)
for any homeowner who relies upon advertising or oral statements that are
misleading. Chapter 723 would authorize the homeowner to rescind their contract
for purchase and obtain attorney fees for pursuing the court action. A court
might well entertain an emergency request for a temporary injunction or court
order directing the park owner to immediately fix the hot tub.

Daniel W. Perry is a former county judge. His practice centers around the
representation of mobile homeowner associations, residential cooperatives and
subdivisions. Questions or comments can be sent to The Ledger, P.O. Box 408,
Lakeland, 33802 or faxed to 407-894-1437.

Some questions may be answered in the column. He also can be reached at
dperry@weblawyer.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              237 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                          September 10, 2009 Thursday

Obama: Stop health care bickering President addresses Congress, nation with
calls for action on reform

SECTION: NONE; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1034  words


WASHINGTON -- Declaring that the "time for bickering is over," President Obama
sought to revive the prospects for the passage of far-reaching health-care
reform by seizing ownership Wednesday night of an initiative he has largely left
in lawmakers' hands.

In a televised address to a joint session of Congress, Obama prodded them to
enact quickly comprehensive legislation that would impose strict new insurance
protections, expand government health programs for the working poor and begin
pilot projects aimed at reducing medical malpractice lawsuits.

"The time for games has passed," the president said of his signature domestic
policy issue. "Now is the season for action."

Casting himself squarely in the political center with direct appeals to the
middle class, Obama laid out his case for a 10-year, $900 billion plan that
would build on the current employer-based health system with new requirements on
individuals and businesses to contribute to the costs of coverage. And on the
controversial issue of a new government-run insurance option, he maintained his
flexibility.

"If you come to me with a serious set of proposals, I will be there to listen,"
he said. "My door is always open."

After being urged by allies in recent weeks to be more assertive, Obama
condemned what he called the "partisan spectacle that only hardens the disdain
many Americans have toward their own government."

Public support for comprehensive health-care reform has dwindled over the past
month as vocal opponents dominated the headlines with talk of socialized
medicine and accusations that Obama was embarking on a "risky experiment" with
the nation's medical care.

"Out of this blizzard of charges and counter-charges, confusion has reigned," he
said.

"I will not waste time with those who have made the calculation that it's better
politics to kill this plan than improve it," he said. "I will not stand by while
the special interests use the same old tactics to keep things exactly the way
they are. If you misrepresent what's in the plan, we will call you out. And I
will not accept the status quo as a solution. Not this time. Not now."

After months of leaving the bill-writing to Congress, Obama for the first time
spoke of "my plan" to meet the twin goals of controlling medical costs and
providing affordable care to every American.

At the same time, he declined to put an end to bitter intraparty divisions over
the question of a public insurance option for individuals and small businesses
that have difficulty buying coverage in the private market.

While repeating his belief that the approach provides needed competition for
private companies, he pleaded with his "progressive friends" to remain open to
other ideas that could accomplish the same goals.

"Its impact shouldn't be exaggerated -- by the left, the right, or the media,"
he said. "It is only one part of my plan, and should not be used as a handy
excuse for the usual Washington ideological battles."

But he pledged: "I will not back down on the basic principle that if Americans
can't find affordable coverage, we will provide you with a choice."

With the nation in the midst of a recession and two wars, many had counseled
Obama to delay the battle over health care, an issue that bedeviled so many of
his predecessors and proved to be treacherous politics for fellow Democrat Bill
Clinton. But he argued that revamping the nation's $2.3 trillion system is
central to long-term economic solvency.

Obama used the broad reach of the prime-time address to fight back against what
he called "bogus claims," calling the talk of "death panels" "laughable if it
weren't so cynical and irresponsible. It is a lie, plain and simple." He also
rejected claims that his proposals would increase federal funding for abortion
or provide coverage to illegal immigrants.

Although he at times reached across the partisan divide -- at one point
embracing an idea put forth by his presidential rival, Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.
-- Obama warned that he will not tolerate the strategy of "death by delay"
articulated by some GOP strategists.

"I will not stand by while the special interests use the same old tactics to
keep things exactly the way they are," he said. "If you misrepresent what's in
the plan, we will call you out."

Hours before the address, Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus, D-Mont., announced
that he intends to push forward on a measure next week, regardless of whether he
has GOP support.

"The time has come for action," he said after a morning session with the panel's
bipartisan "Gang of Six." "We must get this bill done by the end of the year."

Obama said his plan broadly includes one of the key ideas included in the Baucus
blueprint, a proposal to tax insurance companies on plans worth more than $8,000
for an individual and $21,000 for families.

Before the August recess, three House panels and the Senate health committee
approved bills that would have reached near-universal coverage through mandates
and subsidies.

Obama said he now supports a requirement that all Americans carry insurance, a
provision included in every reform bill. He opposed the so-called individual
mandate during his presidential campaign last year, but has said this year that
it is necessary to make insurance reform work.

Obama plans to convene a Cabinet meeting Thursday, with the focus on health
care, and will travel to Minneapolis on Saturday for a public rally.

N.C. residents still divided over health care reform

RALEIGH -- Response in North Carolina to President Obama's speech to a joint
session of Congress didn't appear to eliminate the sharp divisions on the most
vocal sides of the health care issue.

A crowd of more than 1,000 people listening to him Wednesday night at a Raleigh
event put on by a conservative watchdog group booed at times and laughed at some
of Obama's comments.

Ralph Dean of Raleigh said the president again failed to provide specifics about
the plan he wants Congress to pass.

Democrats who heard his speech praised Obama. State Democratic Party Chairman
David Young said he made a compelling case about the need to pass health
insurance reform this year. Young said Republicans are only opposed to reform to
hurt the president.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President Obama waves before a televised address to a joint session of
Congress at the U.S. Capitol in Washington on Wednesday. "The time for games has
passed," the president said of his health care reform issue. "Now is the season
for action."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Durham Herald Co.


                              238 of 997 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                             May 11, 2006, Thursday

EDITORIAL: State Bar Should Publicly Rebuke Montgomery, Mack, Kraft

BYLINE:  --

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 989 words


The State Bar has within its powers an untapped means of deterring lies in
judicial elections.

Rule 1-700 was added to the Code of Professional Conduct on Nov. 21, 1997. Under
it, lawyers who enter judicial contests are bound, like judges, by the
requirements of Canon 5 of the Code of Judicial Ethics. That canon provides, in
part, that a judicial candidate shall not "knowingly, or with reckless disregard
for the truth, misrepresent the identity, qualifications, present position, or
any other fact concerning the candidate or his or her opponent."

We are unaware of any discipline ever having been meted out under that rule.

This year, violations of the rule are occurring in Los Angeles County judicial
races, as they have with frequency in the past. Imposition by the State Bar of
public discipline on candidates who have violated the rule this year would be an
incentive to candidates in future elections to stick to the truth.

Yesterday we endorsed Deputy District Attorney Hayden Zacky for Los Angeles
Superior Court Office No. 102. Each of his two opponents, George C. Montgomery
and C. Edward Mack, has falsified his own qualifications. Last week, we endorsed
Assistant City Attorney Susan L. Lopez-Giss. Her opponent, Richard Kraft, has
claimed credit for originating a program she pioneered years before.

George C. Montgomery has chosen the ballot designation "Trial Lawyer/Teacher."
Under Elections Code 13107, his designation must depict "either the current
principal professions, vocations, or occupations of the candidate, or the
principal professions, vocations, or occupations of the candidate during the
calendar year immediately."

Montgomery is a lawyer-but he is not a trial lawyer. He's handled one bench
trial in the past year. He does not try cases in courtrooms for a living.

Some might dismiss Montgomery's use of the term "trial lawyer" as merely being
imprecise. However, there's no way to explain away the deceptiveness of his
claim to being a "teacher." In no way can he legitimately claim to be a member
of the teaching profession. Lamely, he seeks to justify the use of that
designation on the basis of occasionally giving advice to young lawyers and
sometimes (he doesn't state how often) charging them.

It cannot be doubted that in claiming teaching to be one of his principal
professions when he is not a member of that profession and where the mentoring
does not even approach being a "principal" activity, Montgomery is seeking to
deceive voters. He is "knowingly, or with reckless disregard for the truth,
misrepresent[ing] the...qualifications" he has for judicial office, in violation
of rule 1-700. That breach should trigger public discipline by the State Bar if
that body does, indeed, take seriously its duty to enforce the rule.

C. Edward Mack is a deputy public defender who is described on the ballot as
being an "Attorney/Counselor." It's not his designation that should attract
State Bar discipline, but a claim he makes. As posted by him on the website of
the League of Women Voters:

"Edward C. Mack [sic] has the following qualifications:

" Five years of civil experience.

" Fifteen years of criminal experience as a Los Angeles County Public Defender."

Mack also contended:

"Clerked for the presiding judges of the Los Angeles Municipal Court from
December 1985 to September 1990."

What conclusion would anyone draw as to his experience? That he's been in law
practice for 20 years, the first five spent as a law clerk to judges, the past
15 years in criminal. To many, experience in both civil and criminal law is a
definite plus for a judicial candidate or applicant.

But Mack, who was not admitted to practice until July 5, 1989, does not have the
background he implies. Included in the "[f]ive years of civil experience" are
three-and-a-half years as a deputy court clerk, not a law clerk, as he implies.

His employment in the Clerk's Office was "civil" and it was a work "experience."
Yet, unmistakably, Mack's intent was to create the impression-one which would
indeed inevitably be drawn-that he had five years experience as a lawyer in
civil law.

Mack made the same bogus claim in campaign literature and in an interview with
this newspaper.

The candidate obviously knows that he was not in civil practice for five years
and knows that his words were aimed at creating the impression that he was.

In light of rule 1-700, the State Bar should not countenance such trickery.

Richard Kraft is a deputy Los Angeles city attorney, billed on the ballot as a
"criminal prosecutor." On his website, he boasts:

"Started 1st Domestic Violence Prosecution Team for City."

When Kraft first uttered that claim, he might well have been oblivious to the
origination of such a program in 1978 by his opponent. However, he has since
learned that his was not the "1st," that his claim is false. Los Angeles
Superior Court Judge Burt Pines, who was city attorney in 1978, corroborates
Lopez-Giss's contention.

Obdurately, Kraft declines to remove the falsehood from his website, and
continues to spread it in his campaign.

He thus misrepresents a fact concerning himself, and by inferencec a fact
concerning his opponent. His violation of rule 1-700 is blatant.

The State Bar should act.

There is not enough time to do so before June 6 and, in any event, imposition of
discipline on a candidate while a contest is in progress could well be perceived
as an effort to interfere with an election. The State Bar should never even
appear to be engaged in political partisanship.

By the same token, it should not appear to be, or be, derelict in its
responsibility to take action where lawyers in judicial elections violate rule
1-700.

As we see it, Montgomery, Mack, and Kraft clearly have violated that rule and,
when the dust settles and the election results are in, each should incur public
State Bar discipline.



LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2006 Metropolitan News Company


                              239 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    August 8, 2002 Thursday Marshall Edition

Burkart's record doesn't add up;
Discrepancies in Adams coach's career mark

BYLINE: By AL LESAR; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1; HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 900 words


SOUTH BEND -- How does a high school football coach measure the success of
himself and his program?

At places like Penn and Jimtown, counting state championship banners can give a
pretty good indication. Anywhere else, it gets a bit more abstract.

Twelve years of putting struggling programs at Marian, Michigan City and Knox
back on solid ground gave Brian Burkart the confidence to feel he could do the
same at Adams. The Eagles were coming off a 2-8 season that was complicated by
the departure of coach Mike McClure, who left with a 9-32 record at Adams to
take over for Tom Kurth at Elkhart Central.

About a month ago, Burkart was hired by Adams Athletic Director Teri Woodruff.
In announcing the hire to the media, Woodruff asked Burkart to put together his
year-by-year career record as a varsity coach. The information sheet listed
60-69 as his record. According to Tribune records, which were confirmed by each
of the schools, Burkart's actual record is 39-80.

Some places wouldn't raise an eyebrow at such a discrepancy, but in South Bend,
a city that hasn't completely forgotten the George O'Leary sham at Notre Dame,
it struck a tender area.

One of Burkart's first comments after being informed of the inaccuracy was, "I'm
not George O'Leary.'' He said he's just a hardworking, caring coach/teacher, who
doesn't let numbers judge his success.

As Burkart tells it, the record problem began in 2000, while he was at Knox. A
prep football magazine sent a questionnaire asking for his record as a head
coach -- whether it was at the freshman, junior varsity or varsity level. He
included a 9-0 mark with the Towncrest freshmen in Goshen and an 8-2 slate with
Marian's JV. Still, including the 17-2 record, the numbers didn't add up, but
Burkart wasn't concerned.

When he was one of four applicants for the Adams job, Burkart came in armed with
a history of turning out quality young men while competing closely with the
likes of Penn and Hobart while at Michigan City. A teacher of severely
handicapped youngsters, Burkart never showed Woodruff a career record through
the entire hiring process.

"We were considering anybody from a first-year head coach who had no prior
record, to somebody who has many years of head coaching experience,'' Woodruff
said. "We looked at what they could bring to the program as far as working with
student-athletes. Brian brings his enthusiasm and a love of the game. He has
such a positive outlook on our students that you just can't deny that,
regardless of the record.''

Burkart said he had "12 minutes'' to prepare the year-by-year breakdown for the
media. He and his brother Jon, who is on his staff at Adams and had been
coaching with him for several years, hastily tried to piece together a record
that reflected the 60-69 that the magazine had updated on its own.

"Nobody tried to misrepresent anything,'' Burkart said. "My brother's downstairs
(at Adams) with all the (assistants) saying, 'Teri wants a record.' We were
scrambling around. They're trying to jam (the actual numbers into the 60-69 from
the magazine).

"For 12 years, I've never tried to sell my record. I've never tried to
misrepresent. That's why I've never applied for the big jobs. I'm a guy that
comes in and tries to make teams better. I'm a fundamental coach. We make it fun
for the kids. I like to give hope where there was no hope.''

A dozen years ago, there was no hope at Marian. The Knights were mired in a
woeful losing streak that stretched over seasons and went the entire 1989
campaign without scoring a touchdown. Burkart accepted the head coaching job,
his first, days before the 1990 preseason began. He had only 12 players report
to practice that first day.

"I remember one of the seniors asking me, 'Do you want four rows of three or
three rows of four for warmups,' '' Burkart said. "All I could do was laugh.''

Burkart found players and an offense that allowed Marian to compete with teams
on its schedule, though the Knights ended 0-8.

"One of the teams I'm proudest of, was that first team at Marian,'' Burkart
said. "When we were so terrible, we scored in doggone nearly every game. The
fact that the kids played hard for four quarters ...''

That's the same objective he has for Adams. Burkart feels if he can get the
proper attitude and approach to the game, success will follow.

"We started (the interview process) so late, (the record) was the last thing on
the priority list of getting ironed out,'' Woodruff said. "I figured there was
an explanation (for the discrepancy) and we'd get it straightened out. I don't
think there was any grand plan (to deceive).

"He brought with him a network of people that we could fill in a coaching staff.
We only had one person back from our coaching staff. We had lots and lots of
other priorities, other than worrying about a coaching record. That's something
we could figure out later, which is really irrelevant to what we're trying to do
with the program.

"We literally had less than a month to get ready to start practice. I'll take
Brian's following of the rules -- he's meticulous in following the rules. He
knows all our kids, he knows all the opposing players ... It's how you compete,
it's how you represent your school and your team. I am not concerned (about a
record, as long) as a coach is doing the right thing.''

Staff writer Al Lesar:

alesar@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6318


LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New Adams football coach Brian Burkhart, right, takes a timeout to get
some water after practice earlier this week.  Tribune Photo/JOE RAYMOND

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              240 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     MARCH 30, 2000 Thursday SFCITY EDITION

STATE AGENCY TO REVIEW DISPUTED PHILA. GRANTS THE MONEY WAS AWARDED TO A NORTH
PHILA. COMPANY RUN BY THE WIFE OF REP. ANDREW CARN, WHO HELPED OBTAIN IT.

BYLINE: Glen Justice, INQUIRER HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1009 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


The Department of Community and Economic Development plans to review
applications for two state grants totaling $35,000 that Rep. Andrew Carn helped
obtain for a Philadelphia company, officials said.

In addition, an official at the city Redevelopment Authority said it planned to
tighten the system for disposing of vacant property after that same company
appeared to misrepresent itself while trying to obtain city parcels.

Both announcements were made days after The Inquirer reported that Carn (D.,
Phila.) helped seek property and grants for Consumer Buyers Group Inc., a
company that names Carn's wife, Dorothy, as its interim director.

Carn declined to comment this week through a spokesman.

The company plans to use the property and money to establish a computer-training
school in Carn's North Philadelphia district, according to documents. Both the
project and Carn's involvement have drawn protest in recent days.

A group of about 60 constituents in Carn's district, the 197th, gathered at Hope
Clinic on North Broad Street yesterday afternoon to ask Carn to return the grant
money to the state.

Brought together by a handful of community groups, some of whom support Carn's
State House opponent in next Tuesday's primary, constituents in the group said
that the money would be better spent supporting alcohol and drug rehabilitation,
after-school programs and local basketball leagues.

"Andrew Carn is a state legislator, and he got a state grant and gave it to his
wife," said Omjasisa Kentu, chairman of the Grassroots Political Network, a
community group that had supported Carn in his previous campaigns. "We feel the
money could have been best used for other programs."

Geraldine Hicks, who heads an after-school drill team program known as the Rosen
Dream Team, said her organization was hungry for state money. "We're working
with the kids, and we need help," she said. "We just don't have any help."

In addition, State Sen. Shirley Kitchen said that in recent days she had
received complaints from people in her district, which overlaps Carn's.

"I received calls from constituents saying how disappointed they are in elected
officials," she said. "If incidents like this continue to occur, well, that's
why people don't want to vote."

Carn, a nine-term lawmaker, seeks reelection as a state representative and is
also running for Congress.

Carn helped secure two community revitalization grants - $5,000 in 1998 and
$30,000 last year - for Consumer Buyers, according to him and officials in
Harrisburg.

The grant program funds lawmakers' favored projects in their districts, the
descendant of the controversial grants once referred to as walking-around money.

Megan Neuhard, a spokeswoman for the Department of Community and Economic
Development, said this week that Consumer Buyers had already received the money
and that it would not have to begin accounting for how it was spent for months -
next year, in the case of the larger grant.

She said, however, that the agency would review Consumer Buyers' applications
for accuracy "to make sure they did not misrepresent themselves."

Any departmental action, she said, would depend on whether the recipient of
state funding violated program guidelines. An extreme case of misrepresentation
could result in grant money being revoked, she said. She added that she could
not speculate about the outcome of the review of Consumer Buyers' grants.

Public documents show that Consumer Buyers has plans to obtain the vacant city
property for use as the site of the computer-training center and to use the
grant money to rehabilitate the buildings and establish the center.

In its September application for the $30,000 state grant, Consumer Buyers stated
that "this building was transferred from the city of Philadelphia to the
Consumer Buyers Group for the purpose of rehabilitation."

City officials, though, said the property at 2850-52 N. 22d St. had not yet been
transferred.

The city Vacant Property Review Committee voted to approve the project, so long
as the company submitted several documents and city lawyers signed off on them.
The lawyers are still reviewing the application.

City officials say the process to transfer the property is only partially
complete.

The company must first obtain authorization to enter the building and complete
some of the renovations before a transfer can be considered, officials say.

Before the transfer could be made, City Council would have to approve the
transaction, officials say. So far, the company has not received authorization
to renovate, said John Coates, the authority's real-estate director.

Consumer Buyers also gave the impression in documents that it is a tax-exempt,
nonprofit charity - a "501(c)(3)" in federal tax parlance. In state
incorporation papers, Consumer Buyers stated that the company "is organized
exclusively for charitable and educational purposes within the meaning of
Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue code."

In addition, in response to a question at a meeting of the Vacant Property
Review Committee last year, Dorothy Carn told officials the company was a
501(c)(3) nonprofit company.

Such status is required by the city if it is to give away vacant land. Without
such tax status, the land must be bought.

An IRS spokesman said earlier this month that, according to IRS records,
Consumer Buyers does not have such status.

Dorothy Carn and another official at Consumer Buyers have not responded to
repeated requests for interviews.

Coates said the authority was tightening its application requirements since
Consumer Buyers' application.

Coates said the authority planned to require companies that claim to have
501(c)(3) status to provide concrete proof at the start of the process; those
that have already applied have until July to provide such proof.

"We'll probably demand the stuff up front, a determination letter [from the IRS]
or proof that you've applied for one," Coates said. "It's a hole that should be
closed."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Democratic State Rep. Andrew Carn of the 197th District in Philadelphia.

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 21, 1994, Sunday, Final Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X14; LETTERS

LENGTH: 1272 words


Same-Sex Unions

IAM A CATHOLIC Christian (Latin rite), I am writing this letter to you to simply
thank you for doing your job. I stopped reading The Washington Post because of
slanted and biased anti-Catholic reporting. Granted, some of our laymen and
clergy bring it on themselves by scandalous behavior. But that does not excuse
the media from presenting fact and truth to the public, especially regarding the
teaching of the church. In her review of John Boswell's Same-Sex Unions in
Premodern Europe (Book World, July 17), Camille Paglia stated that she supported
"gay rights," which I as a Catholic cannot support because of my faith and the
teaching of the church. I commend her for not allowing her personal view to bias
her review of Boswell's book.

EVAN ROSEBERRY

Herndon, Va.


Camille Paglia's rejection of John Boswell's new book is an opinion to which she
is entitled. I object, however, to her snobbish suggestion that those of us
without her academic credentials are incapable of dealing with footnotes or
foreign words in a text. I found the book fascinating and will now read some of
the sources referred to in the footnotes.

EDWARD B. DECELLE

Washington


I read Camille Paglia's review of John Boswell's Same-Sex Unions in Premodern
Europe and I have mixed feelings about it. Paglia does put forth valid
criticisms. She is correct in noting the "ambivalent Judeo-Christian attitude
toward sexuality" and "the question of pagan survivals in Christianity ... "
However, the tone of her review points to a different flavor of scholarship from
Boswell. For example, she writes of "the profane excesses of corrupt Renaissance
clergy who may have performed illicit ceremonies of all kinds, including Black
Masses." She also mentions the "imperial Roman smart set, whose cynical 'Dolce
Vita' decadence he [Boswell] does not see." I guess she can only see clergy who
conduct same-sex marriages as corrupt and upper-class same-sex unions as the
result of decadence. Although, she seems to approve of decadence. In fact, I
think Paglia is much more interested in examining anything which can be
considered decadent, corrupt and illicit. I gathered from reading her book
Sexual Personae that she has a very different way of looking at culture from
Boswell. Since Boswell does not share Paglia's position he must be wrong on her
account. Decadence must be chic!

ROBERT W. LOVATT

Washington, D.C.


Camille Paglia would have us believe that John Boswell has written the
cartoon-strip version of popular-press accounts of his book, even though to do
so she must rail against positions Boswell does not take and distort the
author's points.

She proclaims, "The embattled complexities of medieval theology and ambiguous
nuances of language and metaphor familiar to us from great literature seem
beyond his [Boswell's] grasp." The truth is Boswell uses literary sources from
Homer, Cicero, Virgil, Petronius, Martial, Boccaccio and on and on. In one
sentence Paglia accuses Boswell of overemphasizing the historical evidence of
same-sex marriages from the "Roman smart set," and in the next of stressing
evidence of them from "isolated or marginal regions." Which is it? In case
Paglia hasn't noticed, the two represent opposite poles.

In writing that Boswell insists "that heterosexual marriage had no prestige and
was 'primarily a property arrangement,' " Paglia characteristically
misrepresents the author. Here is what Boswell really says: "Indeed the social
institution [Boswell's italics] of heterosexual marriage (as opposed to the
personal experience of it, or its religious significance, etc.) has been in most
premodern societies primarily a property arrangement."

She writes that Boswell "repeatedly portrays Achilles and Patroclus as lovers (a
Hellenistic fantasy not in Homer) ... " In fact, the interpretation of Achilles'
and Patroclus' relationship as lovers goes well back into the "Classical" period
and can be found in both Plato (the Symposium) and Aeschylus (the Achilleis). As
for Paglia's charge that Boswell completely ignores medieval "bonding
ceremonies," readers need only turn to p. 343 to find an entire ceremony of this
sort.

Paglia misrepresents Boswell most seriously by accusing him of constantly
implying "genital subtexts" where they are not warranted. One of the major
points in the book is that "a sexual component is not generally what constitutes
a definitive test of marriage." Paglia concludes her review by proclaiming that
she supports gay rights but not Boswell's "slippery, self-interested
scholarship, where propaganda and casuistry impede the objective search for
truth."

Paglia even makes a snide reference to me, the book's editor, as "the
commercial-press editor, who is hardly qualified to vouch for the book's arcane
scholarship." For the record, I spent four years in graduate school, in a
program that included intensive work on medieval liturgical manuscripts. On the
basis of her inability or unwillingness to address any of the book's crucial
manuscript and textual evidence, one has to wonder about Paglia's own
qualifications. Paglia has a PhD in English, a discipline that does not
generally include the study of any subjects pertinent here.

Although you would never know it from Paglia's review, Boswell has written an
extremely subtle and challenging book. He makes us understand that concepts we
regard today as axiomatic are, in reality, merely the products of our own
cultural biases, and we are forced to reexamine our own ideas in that light. As
I see it, this is the highest calling of an historian, and Boswell fulfills it
brilliantly.

DOUGLAS A. STUMPF

Executive Editor

Villard Books


Camille Paglia responds:

Evan Roseberry makes an important observation about recent American cultural
history: While racist and anti-Semitic sentiments arouse immediate protest,
inflammatory anti-Catholic rhetoric is routinely tolerated in the media and
elsewhere. Since so many masterpieces (Dante's Divine Comedy, Michelangelo's
Sistine Chapel frescos) were directly inspired by Catholic teaching, there is
reason for concern about the potentially ominous effects of this trend on higher
education.

Edward DeCelle has misunderstood my point. It was not "foreign words" I objected
to in Boswell's text but rather pretentiously untransliterated characters from
Greek and Cyrillic alphabets, which have no place in a book aimed toward a
general audience.

Robert Lovatt rightly notes my interest in decadence, which my book Sexual
Personae studied as a cyclic historical phenomenon. One of Boswell's glaring
errors is his assumption that what went on at the orgiastic courts of the most
decadent Roman emperors (Nero, Elagabalus) is a reliable indicator of general
Roman behavior and belief. This is like describing American society by way of
the frenetic Hollywood nightclub scene.

Douglas Stumpf, the editor of Boswell's book, continues his self-interested and
highly politicized campaign. His account of my review is confused and
inaccurate. As for my credentials for historical scholarship, the curious should
consult the chapters on ancient culture in Sexual Personae or my long article in
The Princeton Encyclopedia of Poetry and Poetics, "Love Poetry," which covers
2,500 years of Western literature.


Book World welcomes letters from its readers. Letters must be typed. They should
be signed and include the writer's address and daytime telephone number. Because
of space limitations, those selected for publication may be abridged. Address
letters to The Editor, Book World, The Washington Post, Washington, D.C. 20071.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              242 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                               May 1, 2016 Sunday

Maine competes on energy costs, so why 'misrepresent the real facts?'

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 796 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- Cianbro chairman Peter Vigue gets a little bit frustrated
with talk of Maine's high energy prices, because the state can claim New
England's lowest average electricity costs since about 2008.


"It's really a distraction and convinces people that we're not going to be
competitive," Vigue said.


From experience at the helm of a construction firm in Pittsfield that has won
contracts around the country and last year brought on 300 more employees to
boost its headcount to about 1,750, Vigue said politicians should trumpet
Maine's low power costs relative to other New England states.


The price of electricity in Maine is lower than the average for other New
England states but higher than states in other regions, according to monthly
retail price data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainepowerprices"
view="One-dash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="585px"][/tableau]


Where is the competition?


What's harder to pin down is whether there's an economic impact from elected
officials, most notably Gov. Paul LePage, and other policymakers railing against
Maine's energy costs and blaming the state's economic woes on them.


Vigue thinks there is.


"It affects the economy of the state and the perception that people have of our
state," Vigue said in a telephone interview. "And the New England states are our
primary competitors in bringing business here."


Patrick Woodcock, director of the Governor's Energy Office, said Vigue is right
about Maine's competitiveness within the region, but that concern with major
manufacturers takes a broader view.


"The most exposed companies to energy pricing are ones that are not in a
competitive advantage in having a comparatively lower priced electricity to
other New England states," Woodcock wrote in an email. "Our forest products
industry is competing with Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, North Carolina,
Canada and beyond. Our semi-conductor industry is competing globally. [Bath Iron
Works] is competing with Florida and Louisiana for the contract for Coast Guard
cutters."


Trouble for Maine's paper industry has put power prices in sharp relief and
framed energy issues for lawmakers in Maine's Legislature and for LePage, who
has through two terms regularly singled out what he calls excessive and
uncompetitive energy costs as a top economic burden for businesses.


But Vigue said, at least in the case of Madison, that pointing only to energy
costs puts too much blame on what is really the result of a changing market.


"The demand for paper is shrinking and it has been for 25 years and yet we make
these statements that are unfounded," Vigue said.


During public appearances in early April, LePage cited energy costs as the
reason the state would lose between 1,200 and 1,500 jobs this summer from two
companies, which he has not identified and for which the Bangor Daily News has
not yet found evidence. In the wake of the Madison paper mill closing, LePage
also pointed to energy costs.


The right message for Maine


So, then, how should policymakers in Maine discuss the state's relative power
prices? What are the goals and what are the appropriate comparisons?


For companies to see an advantage from the regional relation of Maine's power
prices, Woodcock said a company would need a strong case for being here in the
first place. Vigue said he thinks there's a bigger market for that kind of
promotion.


"These are cold weather states that have a unique climate, and we need to focus
on promoting and sending out that we have the lowest energy costs in all of New
England," Vigue said. "That's a pretty positive statement, I think."


For Vigue, it comes down to tone.


"What good does it do to talk about things -- especially when they're not true
-- in such a way that they just tear the state down and misrepresent the real
facts?" Vigue said.


Dana Connors, executive director of the Maine State Chamber of Commerce, said
discussing energy policy is a balancing act, and one in which he sees balance,
agreeing with Vigue that there's a regional perspective to promote but noting
it's not all that matters for some businesses.


"Where we run into issues is not the New England reference but the national
reference," Connors said. "When the headquarters of a company looks at the
plants that they have throughout a broader territory, then we're put in the
position of comparing ourselves with other states, not just in New England."


While there are big economic stakes in the direction of future power prices,
Connors said, Maine shouldn't neglect the good foot it can put forward
regionally.


"That's an important advantage and one that we should not shy away from making
sure that we promote," Connors said.


Â

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              243 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                               May 1, 2016 Sunday

Maine competes on energy costs, so why 'misrepresent the real facts?'

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 796 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- Cianbro chairman Peter Vigue gets a little bit frustrated
with talk of Maine's high energy prices, because the state can claim New
England's lowest average electricity costs since about 2008.


"It's really a distraction and convinces people that we're not going to be
competitive," Vigue said.


From experience at the helm of a construction firm in Pittsfield that has won
contracts around the country and last year brought on 300 more employees to
boost its headcount to about 1,750, Vigue said politicians should trumpet
Maine's low power costs relative to other New England states.


The price of electricity in Maine is lower than the average for other New
England states but higher than states in other regions, according to monthly
retail price data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainepowerprices"
view="One-dash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="585px"][/tableau]


Where is the competition?


What's harder to pin down is whether there's an economic impact from elected
officials, most notably Gov. Paul LePage, and other policymakers railing against
Maine's energy costs and blaming the state's economic woes on them.


Vigue thinks there is.


"It affects the economy of the state and the perception that people have of our
state," Vigue said in a telephone interview. "And the New England states are our
primary competitors in bringing business here."


Patrick Woodcock, director of the Governor's Energy Office, said Vigue is right
about Maine's competitiveness within the region, but that concern with major
manufacturers takes a broader view.


"The most exposed companies to energy pricing are ones that are not in a
competitive advantage in having a comparatively lower priced electricity to
other New England states," Woodcock wrote in an email. "Our forest products
industry is competing with Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, North Carolina,
Canada and beyond. Our semi-conductor industry is competing globally. [Bath Iron
Works] is competing with Florida and Louisiana for the contract for Coast Guard
cutters."


Trouble for Maine's paper industry has put power prices in sharp relief and
framed energy issues for lawmakers in Maine's Legislature and for LePage, who
has through two terms regularly singled out what he calls excessive and
uncompetitive energy costs as a top economic burden for businesses.


But Vigue said, at least in the case of Madison, that pointing only to energy
costs puts too much blame on what is really the result of a changing market.


"The demand for paper is shrinking and it has been for 25 years and yet we make
these statements that are unfounded," Vigue said.


During public appearances in early April, LePage cited energy costs as the
reason the state would lose between 1,200 and 1,500 jobs this summer from two
companies, which he has not identified and for which the Bangor Daily News has
not yet found evidence. In the wake of the Madison paper mill closing, LePage
also pointed to energy costs.


The right message for Maine


So, then, how should policymakers in Maine discuss the state's relative power
prices? What are the goals and what are the appropriate comparisons?


For companies to see an advantage from the regional relation of Maine's power
prices, Woodcock said a company would need a strong case for being here in the
first place. Vigue said he thinks there's a bigger market for that kind of
promotion.


"These are cold weather states that have a unique climate, and we need to focus
on promoting and sending out that we have the lowest energy costs in all of New
England," Vigue said. "That's a pretty positive statement, I think."


For Vigue, it comes down to tone.


"What good does it do to talk about things -- especially when they're not true
-- in such a way that they just tear the state down and misrepresent the real
facts?" Vigue said.


Dana Connors, executive director of the Maine State Chamber of Commerce, said
discussing energy policy is a balancing act, and one in which he sees balance,
agreeing with Vigue that there's a regional perspective to promote but noting
it's not all that matters for some businesses.


"Where we run into issues is not the New England reference but the national
reference," Connors said. "When the headquarters of a company looks at the
plants that they have throughout a broader territory, then we're put in the
position of comparing ourselves with other states, not just in New England."


While there are big economic stakes in the direction of future power prices,
Connors said, Maine shouldn't neglect the good foot it can put forward
regionally.


"That's an important advantage and one that we should not shy away from making
sure that we promote," Connors said.


Â

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              244 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 25, 2010 Monday

Mistaken identity: Benton Harbor mayor says groups misrepresent their ties to
city government

BYLINE: Evan Goodenow, The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


Jan. 25--BENTON HARBOR -- It's a case, or cases, of mistaken identity, and Mayor
Wilce L. Cooke wants it to stop.

The Benton Harbor City Commission is scheduled to vote at its Feb. 1 meeting on
a resolution from Cooke stopping area "agencies, organizations and committees"
that "misrepresent their authority regarding their mission" with the city. Cooke
said some nonprofit organizations, which he wouldn't identify, have obtained
federal taxpayer money by misstating their city links.

"They're getting funds that we don't even know they're getting until we question
them," Cooke said. "We want this to be a collaborative effort with the city and
all other agencies and organizations."

City Manager Ronald Carter Jr. told the commission's Legislative Committee at
its Jan. 20 meeting that groups including the Brownfield Redevelopment
Authority, Cornerstone Alliance, the Housing Authority and the Library Board of
Trustees would need written permission from Cooke designating them as
"authorized agents of the city for very specific purposes" before representing
it.

Carter, hired Dec. 28, said in the past there were "problematic" handshake
agreements between the city and some groups. For example, Carter said city
staffers were unaware that the Community Action Agency had been receiving
federal taxpayer grant money for years that could've come directly to the city.
The change is designed to eliminate confusion and redundancy.

"What it will do is narrow the scope and responsibility of this third party that
is representing our city," Carter said, adding that many cities have similar
policies. "They can't just be running around representing themselves as the city
of Benton Harbor all over the country and bringing in resources that aren't
eventually getting to our residents."

Commissioner Dennis Knowles said he supported the resolution, but that Cooke had
previously allowed groups to represent the city without written permission.

"How hypocritical can this be?" Knowles asked Carter at the committee meeting.
"It never should have happened."

Resident Charles Henry told commissioners the resolution was long overdue, but
needs to have teeth.

"By passing a resolution of this nature, you're going to have to review those
contracts that exist now," he said. "You've got a lot of work cut out for you."

egoodenow@TheH-P.com

To see more of The Herald-Palladium, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldpalladium.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald-Palladium, St.
Joseph, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100125-ZJ-Mistaken-identity-0125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZJ


                                 Copyright 2010


                              245 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Letters to the editor, May 15

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 1024 words


Firefighters are tested every day

Within minutes after a lightning strike at our Sam Wolf Granite City Campus on
Thursday morning, area fire departments - including Granite City, Madison,
Mitchell and Long Lake - collaborated to extinguish a small rooftop fire and
smoldering stucco.

Within hours, the campus was back in business during all-important final exams
week.

Much of the education we provide benefits our communities' public safety, as
Southwestern Illinois College is the region's largest supplier of expertly
trained police officers, emergency medical technicians ... and firefighters.

While college students face finals once a semester, and many professionals have
to "stay current" through periodic licensure exams, our firefighters are tested
daily. Think about it. Not many of us would be cut out for that kind of constant
challenge, particularly when it potentially involves risking and saving lives.

Thank goodness our firefighters not only don't mind "finals," they don't mind
taking them 24-7-365.

Georgia Costello o Belleville President, Southwestern Illinois College

Student changes lives at Parkway West

Regarding " 'The mayor' of Parkway West High" (May 13):

My letter began as bravo to Elisa Crouch for finding and beautifully telling the
story of Holt Priest, when I realized it should be bravo to students and faculty
at Parkway West High School who recognize and appreciate what a wonderful,
charming friend Holt Priest is.

But wait, this might not have happened if not for: Darla Maynard, special
education teacher, who risked going "outside the box" to allow and assist Holt
to make his own decisions. This was eagerly welcomed by Steven and Kim Priest,
parents who have obviously lovingly raised Holt to be the considerate,
thoughtful young man he is today, with, I'm certain, help from sister Kristin.

But the big bravo must go to Holt. It is difficult for most of us to imagine the
time, effort, patience and energy he spent to accomplish his achievements. His
classmates now vote him Mr. Spirit, the most popular student, call him "Mayor"
and love him. However, I suspect these friends do not yet realize how he has
changed their lives. In years ahead they may move out of the area for school
and/or jobs and never see Holt again - but they will never forget him.

In the future, as they need to make difficult decisions, they will realize how
grateful they are to have had the opportunity to know Holt. They will tell their
children and grandchildren stories about this terrific friend they had in high
school.

Most of us go through life making a difference for very few people. Holt has
already made a difference for future generations - and he is just starting. His
parents, teachers, friends and all who read Crouch's article are very proud of
him. We wish him a lifetime with the love and happiness he has always shown to
others.

Patricia Patsloff o Collinsville

Headed for all-out ban on tobacco?

Regarding "Inaction on indoor tobacco ban exemptions draws fire" (May 11):

Why the constant diatribe on public smoking indoors or out? When are we going to
see an all-out attack on the tobacco plant to eliminate all tobacco products
from use, hence no one will be able to smoke legally? Similar to marijuana, but
it seems we are going to add that to our repertoire of substances to relieve our
daily stresses.

My point being, why all the mickey mousing around with smoking bans when the
obvious solution would be to get rid of this cancer-causing substance? Same with
alcohol; how many people die each year from these substances?

What happens when they eventually tax them to the black market? Then the chance
to eliminate them becomes moot.

Paul Swigert o Florissant

County's election directors aren't treated fairly

I was disappointed in the editorial "Restoring election integrity" (May 12) and
the St. Louis County election board's attitude.

Eric Fey and Gary Fuhr aren't getting a fair hearing. They were both in a very
difficult situation, placed there by having the municipal elections so close to
the primary election and the late functioning of two municipalities. They
performed admirably.

I know Fey. He has a lot of integrity and has studied election procedures. Just
because a mistake was made by someone in the office, it seems unfair and not a
wise choice just to try to change the leaders. They can learn how to do this
election job in a different and more successful manner, especially because of
this recent problem.

Rea Kleeman o Clayton

Sinquefield brings positive attention to area with chess

Major kudos to Rex Sinquefield for bringing important and positive attention to
the St. Louis area ("Psst: In world chess, St. Louis has the championship team,"
May 13). I don't play chess nor was I interested in watching. But his efforts
will bring a new generation of chess players to our region and new championships
to our worthy city. It ain't all Blues and Cardinals who win championships.

Good news for us. I even plan on visiting our Central West End center myself.

Richard Lincoff o Ladue

Hollywood misrepresents its few LGBT characters

In the article "Hollywood also has an LGBT diversity issue" (May 4) Tre'vell
Anderson argues that the LGBT population is poorly represented in film because
they are portrayed as the punchline or token characters. While I agree that LGBT
characters are misrepresented in Hollywood, I believe the bigger issue is that
the characters' roles are focused centrally on their sexual orientation.

In reality, someone who identifies as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender does
not introduce himself or herself as such. As the media is progressively
incorporating LGBT characters into TV shows and movies, the characters should
not be depicted as a stereotype to remind us of their sexual identity repeatedly
throughout the film.

Instead, films should highlight the LGBT characters' complex personality, their
strengths and weaknesses, or their external conflicts, not solely their
sexuality. Hollywood misrepresents its few LGBT characters by failing to portray
them as dynamic characters with complex personalities.

Lizzy Van Dyke o St. Louis

> Read more letters online at STLtoday.com/letters

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Enjoying a laugh and a lunchtime ritual with a table of girls,
including senior Audrey Frost (left), Holt Priest arrives first to the table and
arranges the seven chairs in a circle on Friday, April 29, 2016 at Parkway West
High School. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com  Editorial Cartoon
by Nate Beeler o The Columbus (Ohio) Dispatch via Cagle Cartoons -  BATHROOM
BILLS A BIGOTRY alligator coming out of the toilet bowl.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission;Cleveland National
Forest Foundation , has submitted (A1210009) Comments filed by Cleveland
National Forest Foundation on 05/23/2016 Conf# 98053

LENGTH: 1606  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Comments):



 1

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 In The Matter of the Application of

 San Diego Gas & Electric Company

 (U902E) for a Permit to Construct Electrical

 Facilities: Cleveland National Forest Power Line

 Replacement Projects.



 Application 12-10-009

 (Filed October 17, 2012)

 CLEVELAND NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION, PROTECT OUR COMMUNITIES

 FOUNDATION, AND BACKCOUNTRY AGAINST DUMPS REPLY COMMENTS ON

 PROPOSED DECISION

 CATHERINE C. ENGBERG (SBN 220376)

 ALLISON A. JOHNSON (SBN 307732)

 SHUTE, MIHALY & WEINBERGER LLP

 396 Hayes Street

 San Francisco, California 94102

 Telephone: (415) 552-7272

 Facsimile: (415) 552-5816

 engberg@smwlaw.com br />
 johnson@smwlaw.com br />
 Attorneys for Cleveland National Forest

 Foundation

 MARIS BRANCHEAU (SBN 303919)

 BILL POWERS

 PROTECT OUR COMMUNITIES

 FOUNDATION

 P.O. Box 305

 Santa Ysabel, California 92070

 Telephone: (760) 212-9928

 marisbrancheau@gmail.com br />
 powers.engineering@att.net

 Attorney and Advocate for Protect Our

 Communities Foundation

 STEPHAN C. VOLKER (SBN 63093)

 JAMEY M.B. VOLKER (SBN 273544)

 LAW OFFICES OF STEPHAN C. VOLKER

 436 14th Street, Suite 1300

 Oakland, California 94612

 Telephone: (510) 496-0600

 Facsimile: (510) 496-1366

 svolker@volkerlaw.com br />
 jvolker@volkerlaw.com br />
 Attorneys for Backcountry Against Dumps

 May 23, 2016

 FILED

 5-23-16

 04:59 PM

 i

 TABLE OF CONTENTS AND SUBJECT INDEX

 Page

 I. The Proposed Revision to Mitigation Measure PSU-1 Would Increase Visual

 Impacts and Undermine Project Objectives.
........................................................................1

 II. The Proposed Revision to Mitigation Measure REC-2 Would Improperly

 Eliminate Feasible Mitigation.
................................................................................
.............2

 III. The Project Would Not Provide Benefits that Outweigh Its Significant
Impacts. ..............3

 TABLE OF AUTHORITIES

 Page(s)

 California Statutes

 California Code of Regulations, Title 14

 §
15088.5.........................................................................
.......................................................1, 2

 Public Resources Code

 § 21000 et seq.
................................................................................
...........................................1

 §
21002...........................................................................
............................................................3

 §
21081...........................................................................
............................................................3

 Other Authorities

 California Public Utilities Commission's Rules of Practice and Procedure

 Rule 14.3(d)
................................................................................
...............................................1

 1

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 In The Matter of the Application of

 San Diego Gas & Electric Company

 (U902E) for a Permit to Construct Electrical

 Facilities: Cleveland National Forest Power Line

 Replacement Projects.

 Application 12-10-009

 (Filed October 17, 2012)

 CLEVELAND NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION, PROTECT OUR COMMUNITIES

 FOUNDATION, AND BACKCOUNTRY AGAINST DUMPS REPLY COMMENTS ON

 PROPOSED DECISION

 Parties Cleveland National Forest Foundation ("CNFF"), Protect Our Communities

 Foundation ("POC"), and Backcountry Against Dumps ("Backcountry") appreciate
the

 opportunity to provide these joint reply com ents on the Administrative Law
Judge's ("ALJ's")

 Proposed Decision, pursuant to Rule 14.3(d) of the California Public Utilities
Commission's

 Rules of Practice and Procedure.

 SDG&E misrepresents the California Environmental Quality Act ("CEQA")1 by
claiming

 that SDG&E's requested "clarifications" to the Mitigation Monitoring,
Compliance and

 Reporting Plan ("MMCRP") are insignificant, as the term is used in CEQA
Guidelines section

 15088.5(b).2 SDG&E also misrepresents facts regarding the Project's benefits.3
The Commission

 should reject the two significant changes that SDG&E requests, because they
will result in

 significant environmental effects and were not analyzed in the Environmental
Impact Report

 ("EIR"). The Commission should also refuse to find that the Project's benefits
outweigh its

 significant environmental impacts.

 I. The Proposed Revision to Mitigation Measure PSU-1 Would Increase Visual

 Impacts and Undermine Project Objectives.

 Mitigation Measure PSU-1 requires SDG&E to provide a written co-location

 com itment from AT&T prior to receiving a Notice to Proceed for each of the
proposed line

 1 Pub. Resources Code § 21000 et seq.

 2 See Comments of San Diego Gas & Electric Company (U 902-E) on Proposed
Decision

 ("SDG&E Comments"), A.12-10-009 (filed May 16, 2016) at 1; Cal. Code Regs. tit.
14 ("CEQA

 Guidelines"), § 15088.5(a), (b).

 3 See SDG&E Comments at 1.

 2

 replacements.4 SDG&E's proposed changes to this measure may allow the utility
to receive a

 Notice to Proceed without such a com itment from AT&T.5 If SDG&E could move
ahead with

 construction of new lines without removing existing infrastructure (i.e. the
wooden poles), this

 would both undermine the purported fire risk objectives of the Project and
significantly increase

 the visual impacts of the Project.

 For example, the Proposed Decision would allow SDG&E to replace TL626 with 13.3


 miles of new 12 kV lines (instead of the environmentally superior off-grid
solution and reduced

 construction option included in the Federal Preferred Alternative).6 If the
Commission finds (in

 the absence of supporting evidence7) that wooden poles contribute to heightened
fire risk in the

 Project area, then if SDG&E constructs these new lines without removing the
existing wooden

 poles, this would run counter to the Project objectives related to reducing
fire risk.8 The EIR does

 not evaluate this possibility, so the Commission should not approve this change
without

 recirculating the EIR.9

 II. The Proposed Revision to Mitigation Measure REC-2 Would Improperly
Eliminate

 Feasible Mitigation.

 Similarly, SDG&E's proposed changes to mitigation measure REC-2 would allow the


 utility to shirk its duty to restore areas damaged as a result of the Project.
REC-2 requires

 SDG&E to restore areas damaged by failure to prevent access to the Project
area.10 SDG&E asks

 the Commission to remove this requirement, because the Forest Service decision
does not require

 this restoration.11 However, the Commission's obligations under CEQA are not
the same as the

 Forest Service's obligations under the National Environmental Protection Act
("NEPA").

 4 MMRCP at 54; SDG&E Comments at 3.

 5 See SDG&E Comments at 2-3.

 6 See Proposed Decision, A.12-10-009 (filed Apr. 16, 2016) at 20-21, 35-37.
Specifically, the

 Forest Service approved the removal of TL626 (13.3 miles total), with
replacement of 6.8 miles

 to 12kV and an off-grid solution to serve a single customer, the Gibbs Ranch.
In an effort to

 minimize environmental and growth-inducing impacts to the extent feasible, the
Forest Service

 authorized replacement of that 6.8 mile stretch with 12kV only if the off-grid
solution is not

 feasible. The Proposed Decision provides no explanation why this
environmentally superior

 approach is not feasible here, in violation of CEQA.

 7 See CNFF, POC, and Backcountry Opening Comments on Proposed Decision,
A.12-10-009

 (filed May 17, 2016) ("CNFF/POC/Backcountry Comments") at 10-11.

 8 See Proposed Decision at 27.

 9 See CEQA Guidelines § 15088.5(a).

 10 See MMCRP at 54; SDG&E Comments at 4.

 11 See SDG&E Comments at 2.

 3

 CEQA's substantive mandate requires the Commission to adopt mitigation measures
and

 alternatives where feasible.12 Further, where applicable changes or alterations
are within the

 responsibility of another agency and should be adopted by that agency, CEQA
requires findings

 to that effect.13 The Forest Service's decision not to require restoration as
part of its NEPA

 review does not mean that the Commission need not require full mitigation under
CEQA. Thus,

 the Commission should also reject SDG&E's request to water down REC-2.

 III. The Project Would Not Provide Benefits that Outweigh Its Significant
Impacts.

 Finally, SDG&E states that the utility supports the Proposed Decision's
statements

 regarding safety and reliability benefits associated with the Project.14
However, SDG&E fails to

 acknowledge that the record is devoid of substantial evidence of these benefits
necessary to make

 CEQA's override findings.15 Thus, the Commission should not approve the
Project.

 DATED: May 23, 2016 SHUTE, MIHALY & WEINBERGER LLP

 By: /s/ Catherine C. Engberg

 CATHERINE C. ENGBERG

 396 Hayes Street

 San Francisco, California 94102

 Telephone: (415) 552-7272

 Facsimile: (415) 552-5816

 engberg@smwlaw.com br />
 Attorneys for

 Cleveland National Forest Foundation

 12 See Pub. Resources Code § 21002.

 13 Pub. Resources Code § 21081(a).

 14 SDG&E Comments at 1.

 15 See CNFF/POC/Backcountry Comments at 9-11.

 4

 DATED: May 23, 2016 Protect Our Communities Foundation

 By: /s/ Bill Powers

 BILL POWERS

 P.O. Box 305

 Santa Ysabel, California 92070

 Telephone: (760) 212-9928

 marisbrancheau@gmail.com br />
 Attorney for

 Protect Our Communities Foundation

 DATED: May 23, 2016 LAW OFFICES OF STEPHAN C. VOLKER

 By: /s/ Jamey M.B. Volker

 JAMEY M.B. VOLKER

 436 14th Street, Suite 1300

 Oakland, California 94612

 Telephone: (510) 496-0600

 Facsimile: (510) 496-1366

 jvolker@volkerlaw.com br />
 Attorneys for

 Backcountry Against Dumps

 785956.4



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 2, 2009, Thursday

Just don't call her a beauty queen;
Freshman delegate from Jefferson County is a recent Miss West Virginia

BYLINE: JAKE STUMP, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1033 words


D dailymail.com

Go online to see

additional photos of Tiffany Lawrence.

Spotting the beauty queen among the 100 members of the House of Delegates isn't
exactly as hard as finding Waldo.

At 26, Delegate Tiffany Lawrence is the youngest woman ever elected to the West
Virginia Legislature.

Some might say she's the prettiest. After all, she's Miss West Virginia 2006.

But looks aren't what the Jefferson County Democrat banks on.

Sure, she's competed in swimsuits and evening gowns, but she attributes her
pageant wins to intellectual appeal.

You don't graduate first in your business administration master's program on
just lip-gloss and a sparking white smile.

Lawrence hates being called a "beauty queen" and actually had to be coaxed into
participating in her first pageant.

A shot at scholarship money was her main reason for entering the Jefferson
County Fair Pageant when she was 17. She won it and was nicknamed the "cow
queen."

"I'm not into the pageant stigma," Lawrence said. "But my best friend said there
were scholarship dollars provided."

That pageant eventually led to her becoming crowned Miss West Virginia, which
offered more than $20,000 in scholarships for her undergraduate studies at
Shepherd University, where she earned a degree in political science and business
administration, and her graduate schooling at Shenandoah University, where she
got her master's degree in business administration.

Born and raised in Shepherdstown, Lawrence knew she had a hankering for politics
in the eighth grade. A talented crooner, Lawrence sang the "Star-Spangled
Banner" at a U.S. Postal Service event attended by then-Congressman Bob Wise.

"He was the first statewide public official I ever encountered," Lawrence said.
"He took me under his wing, introduced me to people and before you know it, I
was signing more autographs than he was."

Over the next few years, Lawrence got involved in various campaigns and the
Young Democrats, an organization she still serves in.

In 2006, she was elected to the Jefferson County Democratic Executive Committee
and before you know it, she's running for House of Delegates. In last November's
election, she earned 58 percent of the vote in the 58th Delegate District
against Republican Tomas Engle, who received 42 percent.

"My prediction is she'll become governor someday," said Delegate Margaret
Donaldson Smith, D-Lewis, who shares an office with Lawrence.

That goal is actually on her list of aspirations.

"I'd like to try out a committee chair or vice chair position first," Lawrence
said. "I'm not so much into politics. Rather, I'm an advocate of public policy
and public service. I enjoy working on issues and not so much the political
game."

In her first year in the House, Lawrence was assigned to the education, health
and human resources, and political subdivisions committees.

She's taken firm stances, not the wishy-washy positions given by some lawmakers.

She's opposed to the governor's initiative to expand the school calendar.

Education is a top agenda item for Lawrence, as she's served as a substitute
teacher in Jefferson County. Her father is a retired teacher while her mother
currently works as a fifth-grade teacher at Shepherdstown Elementary School.

A bill under consideration in the Legislature would give counties more
responsibility for setting their school calendars to meet the required 180 days
of instruction.

"Extending the school year is more of a detriment than a help," Lawrence said.
"I've always said I believe more in quality over quantity in dealing with
education. I understand where the governor's coming from, but I think it's all
about content and programs. I'm a huge proponent of extracurricular activities
and summer jobs, and this might be something that would take away from
youngsters."

Earlier this month, Lawrence successfully pushed through the House her first
bill, which would increase fines, add community service and remove the
possibility of incarceration for anyone under 21 who misrepresents his or her
age when buying alcohol.

"This doubles the fine and penalty and can require 40 hours of community service
for anyone who misrepresents their age," she said. "Education is key to these
cases. We get repeat offenders and just send them back to juvenile halls and
they never really learn from their mistakes."

Lawrence was also one of the legislators to react to the proposed Barbie ban,
introduced by Delegate Jeff Eldridge, D-Lincoln.

As Miss West Virginia, Lawrence visited hundreds of public schools to speak to
students about mental health. Along the way, she heard about problems facing
youths such as eating disorders and other body image issues.

"I didn't like the way the legislation was written," she said of Eldridge's
bill. "I didn't agree with the intent to ban Barbie. I applauded him for what he
was doing, though, which was giving light to the situation and discussing body
image among our young women and men who have esteem issues."

She says her time so far in the House of Delegates has been a valuable
experience.

"I was anxious to get my feet wet and inflict change in some regards for the
better for my district," Lawrence said. "It's hard be the new kid on the block,
and it's also difficult and challenging to come from the Eastern Panhandle.
We're unique and diverse compared to the rest of the state."

Away from pageants and the statehouse, Lawrence works as a marketing and public
relations officer with Charles Town Races and Slots.

She plans to get a doctorate degree in public policy via online courses from
Walden University in Arizona.

She's also heavily involved in community programs such as 4-H.

And though she's not married, she's currently taken. Sorry gents.

COURTESY PHOTO

Lawrence is a gifted singer, a talent that helped her during her pageant career.

AP FILE PHOTO

Lawrence represented West Virginia in the Miss America 2007 pageant in Las
Vegas.

AP FILE PHOTO

Contestants share the stage at the Miss America pageant at the Aladdin
hotel-casino in Las Vegas in January 2007. Tiffany Lawrence is on the far right
in red.

COURTESY PHOTO

As Miss West Virginia, Lawrence traveled the state to talk to students about
mental health.

Contact writer Jake Stump at jakestump@dailymail.com or 304-348-4842.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              248 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 9, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Ruling in Oregon Halts Federal Undercover Probes;
Prosecutors Fear Discipline for Advising Investigators in Covert Operations
After State High Court's Prohibition on Deceit

BYLINE: Jeff Adler, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1059 words


A controversial ruling by the Oregon Supreme Court has prompted federal
prosecutors there to suspend all major federal undercover investigations for the
past year, halting everything from street-level drug stings to probes into
organized crime and child pornography.

In a strict reading of the state bar's ethics code, the state Supreme Court last
year prohibited lawyers from engaging in any form of deceit or encouraging
others to lie. Because of the decision, federal and state prosecutors fear that
they could face discipline for advising undercover investigators, who must
misrepresent themselves as part of their work.

Rather than risk sanction, federal prosecutors stopped signing off on covert
operations by the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration and other federal
agencies in Oregon a year ago. The FBI and DEA cannot initiate undercover
investigations without the authorization of the U.S. attorney's office.

Phil Donegan, an FBI special agent in Portland, said the court's decision has
hampered hundreds of federal criminal investigations, from white collar fraud to
organized crime. The bureau also halted an operation that targeted child
pornography on the Internet.

"It has handcuffed federal law enforcement in the state," Donegan said. "If
we're going to buy drugs, we have to walk up to the dealer and say, 'We're the
FBI, and we'd like to buy drugs from you.' "

Donegan added that the FBI is trying to work within the confines of the court's
decision but said, "It certainly gives [criminals] a lot of freedom."

State and local prosecutors are not required to authorize undercover operations,
but they have stopped counseling investigators involved in them. Local
detectives are still working undercover but are "flying blind," Portland Police
Chief Mark A. Kroeker said.

"This has put a crimp in our operation because, naturally, you want to work with
the prosecutor to put together the best case you can," Kroeker said.

The Justice Department has filed suit against the Oregon State Bar, challenging
the ethics code. On Tuesday, a federal judge agreed to consider a motion to
dismiss the suit and another to give the Justice Department a quick victory
without a trial.

The Oregon Supreme Court decision stems not from a prosecutor's misconduct but
from the unethical behavior of a private attorney.

In 1998, the Oregon State Bar ruled that Daniel J. Gatti violated the ethics
code when he posed as a doctor to an insurance company he was preparing to sue.
The Oregon State Bar's ethics rules prevent lawyers from engaging in
"dishonesty, fraud, deceit or misrepresentation." Similar ethics rules exist in
many other states.

When Gatti appealed to the state Supreme Court, U.S. Attorney Michael Mosman
asked the court to exempt prosecutors who advise undercover agents. The court
refused.

The court upheld sanctions against Gatti last year and allowed no exceptions for
prosecutors, prohibiting all Oregon lawyers from "encouraging" others to lie or
misrepresent themselves.

The ruling's ripple effect has been far-reaching. In the past, prosecutors under
Oregon Attorney General Hardy Myers coordinated closely with investigators on
both civil and criminal fraud cases to ensure that evidence was collected
legally. But those conversations have ended.

"The two can't talk if there is any chance that the investigator is going
undercover," said Kevin Neely, a spokesman for Myers. "So the investigator has
to just go out and do it without any oversight from the attorney."

With district attorneys following suit, many anticipate that "there will be a
number of investigations where the officers will act in good faith, but the
evidence will be suppressed," said Joshua K. Marquis, the district attorney for
Clatsop County and president of the Oregon District Attorneys Association.

Jeffrey Standen, a professor at Willamette University College of Law in Salem,
Ore., said investigations conducted without prosecutors' advice could endanger
detectives.

"Going uncounseled is not only going to lead to people not being convicted,"
Standen said. "Beyond that, it could put people in some difficult situations
where they might reveal their identity."

In January, the Oregon State Bar asked the state Supreme Court to approve an
amendment to the bar's ethics rules that would have allowed lawyers to advise or
supervise certain clandestine operations. But the high court rejected that
amendment in April, calling it too broad. Bar members are working on a revised
amendment they hope to present to the state Supreme Court in the fall.

Defense attorneys contend that federal and state prosecutors are overreacting.
They applaud the Gatti ruling for reminding lawyers not to use deceit.

"It's a very healthy thing," said John Henry Hingson III, a criminal defense
attorney from Oregon City. "Law enforcement has become addicted to the use of
the covert -- as opposed to the overt -- in criminal law enforcement."

Ed Harnden, president of the Oregon State Bar, maintains that prosecutors can
tiptoe along the Gatti decision, supervising covert investigations without
violating the code of ethics.

"It's a fairly fine line," Harnden said. "But I believe it's a fine line that is
defensible and simply required in today's world."

The Justice Department decided to fight the ruling by filing a lawsuit in May
against the Oregon State Bar, arguing that its prohibitions "encroach upon the
authority of the federal government to engage in covert law enforcement
activities that necessarily involve deceit or misrepresentation."

The Gatti ruling "has essentially tied our hands from going after the most
dangerous and craftiest criminals we chase," Mosman said. "When you can't do
undercover work, it doesn't mean you're out of law enforcement, but it means
you're out of the business of catching those criminals who are the greatest risk
to the population."

But critics say the Justice Department's lawsuit is a ploy to pressure Congress
into repealing a 1998 federal law that requires state bar ethics rules to govern
federal prosecutors. If that happened, the Justice Department could employ its
own ethics regulations for U.S. attorneys.

"They want to police their own," said Hingson, the criminal defense lawyer.
"This is something that [Attorney] General [John D.] Ashcroft should be very,
very cautious about."

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              249 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Sorry, Gerry, but you're no Martin Luther King. He fought injustice without
violence

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION COLUMNS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1335 words


ON Sunday evening I watched - and was moved by - Selma, the brilliant movie
about Martin Luther King's struggles to establish black rights in the United
States, and thought a little about the stories my late mother used to tell of
growing up in Belfast and the institutionalised discrimination suffered by
Catholics in a society deliberately skewed towards the needs of the Unionist/
Protestant manipulated majority.

Then I turned on Twitter and discovered Gerry Adams had sent and then deleted a
now infamous tweet that included a word about black people that he should have
been sensitive enough not to have used.

My initial reaction was that Adams had been clumsy and misguided in the use of
the word, not malicious or deliberately offensive, and that there was some
context that some would miss or choose to misrepresent. I reckoned that I
understood the meaning of his tweet: that he was drawing a clear comparison
between the experiences of black slaves in the US - as featured in the movie he
was watching, Django Unchained, a fiction based a century earlier than Selma -
and those of Northern nationalists. Hence the references to the 'uppity Fenian'
and Ballymurphy in west Belfast.

I thought the comparison to be unequal, however, and that it was likely that he
wrongly believed that his own history gave him an entitlement to use the word
and draw comparisons to the suffering of African Americans without causing
offence to black people. After all, he had recently compared himself to Rosa
Parks, drawing derision in many quarters, after he had been delayed in his entry
to the White House for a St Patrick's Day function while security checked that
his paperwork was in order.

Sinn Féin would not be made to sit in the back of the bus, he fulminated,
although there is no record of public transport in Northern Ireland being
segregated according to religious denomination. That was an eye-rolling moment,
which we noted in Ireland, but was unlikely to gain much traction elsewhere. Use
of the N-word was an incendiary development, however, as subsequent coverage in
the US was to prove. I watched Twitter for about an hour on Sunday evening and
Monday morning, waiting to see how the inevitable row would escalate, how people
would use the tweet as a twig with which to beat him.

I was not surprised to see certain people declare, incorrectly but defiantly,
that they knew his account had been hacked, that some nefarious outsiders had
deliberately taken control of it to write something that would cause
embarrassment to him.

I wondered if Sinn Féin would say that somebody was tweeting on his behalf and
that this volunteer would be reprimanded for overstepping the mark with the
offensive message. The problem with such an approach is that Adams has, to date,
made such a play of writing his own tweets - even getting a little book out of
them and going on national radio to promote its publication - so that would be
as hard to sell as saying that his account had been hacked. Instead, Adams
issued a statement. And that's where he really botched it, because instead of
just explaining and apologising, he tried to turn himself into the victim...
again.

He described his use of the N-word as 'ironic' and 'not intended to cause any
offence whatsoever'. Fair enough. However, he couldn't let it go there, or
simply finish by saying 'sorry'. Instead, he continued: 'Attempts to suggest
that I am a racist are without credibility.' In other words, he was trying to
immediately switch the narrative by claiming that he was being wrongly
victimised... again.

Offended 'If anyone is genuinely offended by my use of the N-word they
misunderstand or misrepresent the context in which it was used,' he wrote. Not
surprisingly, the storm did not abate, and by Monday afternoon he had to issue a
second statement saying that while 'there are parallels between people in
struggle, the tweet was inappropriate'.

He continued, however, with history lessons for his audience that were, at best,
debatable. 'Like African Americans, Irish nationalists were denied basic
rights,' he said. 'The penal laws, Cromwell's regime and partition are evidence
of that. In our own time, like African Americans, nationalists in the North,
including those from Ballymurphy and West Belfast, were denied the right to
vote, the right to work, the right to a home, and were subject to draconian
laws. This changed because we stood up for ourselves. We need to continue to do
that. The civil rights movement here, of which I was a founding member, was
inspired and based its approach on the civil rights campaign in the USA.' In
some respects this statement is more important - and dangerous - than his Sunday
evening tweets, because it is a skewed version of the truth and plays to
ignorance of the history of what has happened on this island. We can and should
give Adams credit for his role in the IRA ceasefire, the signing of the Good
Friday Agreement and the eventual cessation of the IRA itself, along with the
long-overdue commitment of Sinn Féin to democratic means, if only on the basis
that it was better late than never.

What Adams is not entitled to do is claim that he was a founder of the civil
rights movement of the 1960s, which stretches the truth as far as his claim to
have never been a member of the IRA.

Adams does not deserve to be treated with the same distinction as the likes of
John Hume, Gerry Fitt and Seamus Mallon, to name just a few - nationalists who
suffered the same injustices but committed to peaceful means of protest, despite
enduring extraordinary provocation and suffering great personal hardship for
rejecting violence. Their actions were far more in keeping with the aims of
Martin Luther King, who sought justice by peaceful means, through civil
disobedience but not through violence. We are entitled to protest when Sinn Féin
tries to reinterpret the past, to provide excuses for the horrors of the IRA.

It was not just British soldiers or local members of the security forces that
the IRA killed as part of a war to rid this island of occupiers. The IRA waged a
sectarian campaign against Protestant people, simply because they were
Protestant. And it killed or maimed many Catholics - a fact that is often
forgotten - as it intimidated in a bid to gain control of nationalist sentiment.

Adams has denied any involvement in any of that, only wanting to be remembered
as a peacemaker. Whatever the truth of his involvement - and most of us who
followed things know exactly what we believe - he was definitely the
apologist-in-chief for what was done. The argument from many Sinn Féin
supporters - who think the IRA was involved in a just war - is that many people
in the south did not know or care about what was going on north of the border.

I can understand their frustration at that.

Growing up, I was one of very few in my circle who took much interest. That was
because I had heard stories of discrimination from my mother, who was raised on
the Crumlin Road in north Belfast before moving south in 1965 to marry my
father. She supported the civil rights movement as a necessity, but not the
violence of the IRA. And let's not forget, the IRA never enjoyed significant
nationalist support, no matter what some might have you believe now.

I spent my summers in the 1970s in Belfast.

One of my first memories is of stern-faced, unfriendly British soldiers
searching the garden of my uncle's house in West Belfast. Unlike most from the
south, I have heard bombs go off unexpectedly nearby and guns being fired. I was
lucky in that these were temporary experiences. I was able to go back to Cork,
whereas my relatives, and the friends I made as a child, lived with it 12 months
a year. But it did give me some understanding that few of my peers ever had -
and an interest too.

That's why people have to confront Adams and his partial propaganda. He does not
tell the whole story.

They say the victors get to write history. The IRA did not win any war, so Gerry
Adams should not get to rewrite history.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2016 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 15, 2000, Sunday

With a focus on Gore's exaggerations, Bush gets away with murder

BYLINE: PHILIP GAILEY

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; COLUMNS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 937 words



Al Gore was supposed to make short work of George W. Bush in a series of three
presidential debates. But after two debates, it is Bush who has emerged with the
political advantage from these encounters, even though Gore clearly outscored
him on points and demonstrated a superior grasp of foreign and domestic issues.
In the first debate, Bush was shaky and shallow on foreign policy, but
fortunately for the Texas governor, Gore came across as an overbearing bully,
emitting audible sighs and rolling his eyes as if he were sharing the stage with
the class dunce. In Winston-Salem on Wednesday night, Gore tried too hard to
compensate. His performance was lackluster and tentative as he tried to control
his body language and strike a civil tone. The bar for Bush was set so low that
all he had to do was look confident and relaxed, which he did.

As Ronald Reagan demonstrated in his debates with President Jimmy Carter, the
race is not always to the swiftest or the brightest. There is something strange
and mysterious about the ways voters size up presidential candidates. It is an
alchemy that often has more to do with personality and style than issues and
substance. That is Gore's problem. Some reporters who have covered Gore over the
years use the word "weird" to describe him. At his worst, he can come across as
arrogant and evasive, as a man who keeps re-inventing himself, as a shameless
panderer (the Elian Gonzalez case) and, according to his harshest critics, as a
man who cannot be trusted to tell the truth.

Clearly, for whatever reason, even many of the voters who share Gore's positions
on issues are struggling to increase their comfort level with the man. They
wonder if he would represent four more years of what they like least about the
Clinton administration - a president who, when cornered, argues over what the
meaning of "is" is. Gore's credibility problem may finally be catching up with
him. In the second presidential debate, Gore admitted that he sometimes gets his
facts wrong and promised that as president he would always try to get the "big
things" right.

At the moment, it's the little things that are stalling Gore's campaign. His
credibility has become an issue because he has a history of exaggerating or
embellishing his own political accomplishments, denying the undenial and grossly
misrepresenting his opponent's positions. In the heat of last winter's primary
campaign, Bill Bradley, who unsuccessfully challenged Gore for the Democratic
presidential nomination, aimed this shot straight at Gore: "Why should we
believe that you will tell the truth as president if you don't tell the truth as
a candidate?"

Much to the dismay of the vice president's own supporters, his behavior in the
general election campaign has given Republicans an opening to reprise Bradley's
charge. At least Bill Clinton - an "unusually good liar," Sen. Bob Kerrey,
D-Neb., called him - lied to protect his political behind, whether the issue was
draft-dodging or Monica Lewinsky. Gore, however, has developed a reputation for
fibbing on trivial matters when it's not necessary.

With all the attention focused on Gore's credibility, Bush is getting away with
murder. The Texas governor continues to mislead the public and misrepresent his
$ 1.3-billion tax cut plan. In explaining his budget, Bush's math is worst than
"fuzzy." It is bogus. Bush keeps telling whoppers while Gore is portrayed by
Republicans as a pathological liar. Perhaps the lesson here is that in politics,
if you are going to play loose with the truth, it's better to tell big lies than
little ones.

It's one thing to make factual mistakes, as most candidates are prone to do.
It's something else to consistently misrepresent, exaggerate or embellish one's
own record or to disregard the truth. In Gore's case, even his own supporters
ask themselves why he does it.

Why, for example, did he deny in the first presidential debate that he had ever
questioned Bush's qualifications to be president when he had done just that in a
recent interview with the New York Times? Or why did he claim to have been one
of the architects of the Earned Income Tax Credit that was enacted in 1975,
three years before Gore was elected to Congress? And why would Gore say he
co-sponsored the McCain-Feingold campaign finance reform bill when he left the
Senate to become vice president before Feingold even took his oath as a senator?
In a recent interview with the New York Times, Gore said PBS has never invited
him to appear on a documentary about presidential debates. But PBS officials
said they had personally asked Gore to be interviewed for the documentary, and
Gore's own spokesman confirmed that the vice president had rejected the offer.

Voters are left to wonder if this pattern is indicative of a deeper character
flaw in Gore, one that would be magnified in the White House. They should be
just as troubled by Bush's lack of honesty about his tax-cut plan and budget
proposals.

Gore appears to be in another slump, but this is still his election to lose. He
continues to lead Bush in key battleground states, and the polls suggest that
most voters favor his positions on the issues they care about. In the campaign's
final stretch, Gore needs to raise the public's comfort level with the idea of
his being in the Oval Office for the next four years. Tuesday night's final
debate in St. Louis may be Gore's last chance to reassure voters that if he is
elected, it won't be necessary to add another sentence to the presidential oath
of office that reads ". . . and I promise to tell the truth, so help me God."


LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              251 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 29, 1993, Friday, City Edition

MetLife local manager reassigned

BYLINE: ROBERT KEEFE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 669 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



The man at the center of controversy at Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. has
relinquished his management position while the company faces a state
investigation and a flurry of other problems.

Daniel "Rick" Urso is still employed in MetLife's Tampa district sales  office,
but not as its manager. His primary duties will be responding to  investigations
by regulators in Florida and other states and to MetLife  consultants conducting
an internal investigation, company spokesman Charles  Sahner said Thursday.

"This move doesn't reflect any judgment on Mr. Urso," Sahner said from
MetLife's New York headquarters. "Our intention is to give everyone a fair
hearing, but this was the best decision for everybody concerned."

MetLife also said Thursday it will no longer allow district salespeople to  sell
products outside their local areas.

Although they work in what is called a district office, the hundred  salespeople
in Tampa sold the company's products to nurses and others  nationwide.

Some salespeople from Tampa apparently misrepresented themselves and called
some of those products "retirement savings plans" or annuities, although  they
were really only whole-life insurance policies, investigators in Florida  and
elsewhere say.

Whole-life insurance policies typically are more costly than annuities and
other retirement plans - at least in their early years - but produce much
higher commissions for salespeople.

The state Insurance Department and some former MetLife employees contend  that
Urso forced employees to misrepresent themselves and their products to  boost
sales.

MetLife's Tampa district sales office has long been one of the company's  most
profitable, and Urso has been one of the giant company's highest-paid  employees
nationwide.

Last year, Urso made $ 946,000, most in commissions and bonuses from sales  by
other employees, according to records MetLife is required to file in New  York.
Only a few top executives at MetLife, which employs more than 47,000  worldwide,
made more than Urso last year.

Urso has not responded to repeated requests - both by telephone and in  writing
- for interviews.

Sahner said two MetLife officials from the company's New York headquarters  will
assume Urso's management duties and oversee the office's transition from
nationwide sales to local sales.

"The intention here is to operate in a way that is much more similar to  our
typical offices where (salespeople) offer an array of life insurance  products
with more of a local focus," Sahner said.

Thursday's moves are the latest by MetLife in response to investigations by
Florida and several other states. The FBI also has made inquiries into the
company, according to attorneys who represent former MetLife employees who are
suing the company for wrongful firing.

Along with the changes in management and the way the Tampa district sales
office operates, MetLife is offering refunds to all customers who bought life
insurance from the company's Tampa office since the office opened in 1988. As
of last week, more than 4,300 people nationwide had requested refunds or asked
that their whole-life policies be exchanged for annuities.

MetLife's moves don't affect investigations by Florida's Insurance  Department
and Attorney General's Office, however.

"It really doesn't mean anything," said Steve Parton, chief of the  Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations section of the Attorney  General's Office.
"Our investigation is continuing."

Along with the investigations, MetLife is being sued by at least four  former
Tampa district office employees. The employees say they were improperly  fired
or quit under pressure after refusing to misrepresent policies.

Judy Hoyer, a Tampa lawyer who is handling two of the employee cases, also  is
meeting with nurses who bought life insurance they thought was something  else.
She says she is contemplating filing a class-action suit against the  company.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Times files; Daniel "Rick" Urso still works in the Tampa
office (NOP)

                            Times Publishing Company


                              252 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 25, 2004 Wednesday

Editorialist attacks, then hides behind anonymity

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 668 words


EDITOR'S NOTE: The following letter from David LaCroix, city attorney for
Crystal River, was hand-delivered to a Citrus Times reporter Monday evening.

Editor: As I read your Feb. 15 editorial, exaggerating what the state's public
records law requires of public officials and following your usual pattern of
publicly smearing any government employee or official who has the gall to
disagree with you, I found it ironic that - as always - you did so from behind a
cowardly cloak of secrecy and anonymity. While you misrepresent the law and
claim that public officials should do every single thing in full view of your
watchful scrutiny, your editorialist/propagandist attached no name to your
editorial. You can splash my name all over your paper in misleading, defamatory
editorials but you keep the writer's name secret, so that I am unable to
publicly declare the writer, by name, to be a liar and incompetent. I have to do
my work for the city of Crystal River in the public eye. Why should you do yours
anonymously?

You also hide behind the libel laws that exempt you from suit by any public
official as long as you couch your defamatory attacks as "opinion." And when you
do resort to facts, rather than opinion, you can't get them right. About the
only fact your writer attempted to include was the hourly rate I charge the
city; and even though my contract with the city is a public record and open to
your scrutiny any time you want to be competent and get something right, your
writer couldn't get closer than 50 percent to the actual number.

Speaking of incompetence, on Feb. 10, you published a map you represented to be
the territory the city of Crystal River is considering annexing. That afternoon,
your reporter was advised that you printed the wrong map, even though the
correct one is attached to the annexation ordinance and is a matter of public
record. The map you published misleads some property owners into believing their
lands are included in the annexation when they are not, and it omits several
properties that are included, misleading their owners as well. It is now six
days later and you have yet to admit your mistake and publish the correct map.

The public records law allows you or anyone else who disagrees with my
interpretation of the public records law to file a lawsuit and, if successful,
to recover attorney's fees. Any time you disagree with me, file suit. That's
where disagreements over the law should be resolved, in a court of law, not in
an editorial column in a newspaper in which you have absolute control of the
playing surface and can misrepresent anything you want with no accountability
whatsoever. But, then, fairness, honesty and accuracy are not your forte.

And to answer your question, no, it is not reasonable to have every out-of-town
attorney, engineer and other contract consultant or adviser make copies of every
public record made or received by them to keep in City Hall. Every e-mail, file
note, billing statement and miscellaneous correspondence made or received by
such people relating at all to public business is a public record, and the
volume of inconsequential and trivial ones is enormous. There will be a copy of
virtually anything that is at all relevant and consequential in someone's else's
file in City Hall anyway. And finally, if I made copies for City Hall of the
city of Crystal River, the copies are not public records - only the originals
are. And all those folks who are paranoid and believe every person who does work
for government is corrupt - you know, that belief you constantly try to foster -
will want to view the original files, anyway, to try to find the "smoking gun"
they just know exists.

Now that I have called you to task, you will no doubt remain true to form and do
what you do any time a public employee or official dares to confront your abuse
of the First Amendment, you will now retaliate with more misleading, inaccurate
and defamatory editorials about me. Go ahead, prove my point.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LETTERS

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              253 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Regulatory update: Illinois Commerce Commission; Sperian Energy Corp. , has
issued ( 15-0438) Ruling

LENGTH: 3615  words

DATELINE: New York



 Springfield:  Illinois Commerce Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE'S RULING ON MOTION TO DISMISS

 Sperian Energy Corp.'s ("Sperian") Motion to Dismiss Allegations 1-37 and 40 of
the More Definite Statement ("Motion to Dismiss") filed by Commission Staff
("Staff") pursuant to Sections 2-615 and 2-619 of the Illinois Code of Civil
Procedure (735 ILCS 5/2-615 and 5/2-619) is granted in part and denied in part,
with leave to replead.



 I. Applicable Legal Standards

 A Section 2-615 motion to dismiss presents the question of whether the facts
alleged in the complaint, viewed in a light most favorable to the plaintiff, are
sufficient to entitle the plaintiff to relief as a matter of law. 735 ILCS
5/2-615; LaSalle National Bank v. City Suites, Inc., 325 Ill. App. 3d 780, 790,
758 N.E.2d 382 (1st Dist. 2001). Such a motion should only be granted if it
appears that the plaintiff can prove no set of facts which would entitle him or
her to the relief sought. Holloway v. Meyer, 311 Ill. App. 3d 818, 823, 726
N.E.2d 678 (2nd Dist. 2000).

 A Section 2-619 motion to dismiss admits the legal sufficiency of a complaint
but asserts an affirmative matter, defect or defense to defeat the claim. 735
ILCS 5/2-619; Nessler v. Nessler, 387 Ill. App. 3d 1103, 1109, 902 N.E.2d 701
(4th Dist. 2008). Specifically, Section 2-619 provides nine grounds upon which a
party may move to dismiss its opponent's claims. If grounds for dismissal are
not apparent on the face of the complaint, the moving party must file an
affidavit along with its 2-619 motion to demonstrate the basis for dismissal.
Id.

 II. Allegations 6 and 16

 Staff alleges that two of the scripts that Sperian provided in response to
Staff's request by email were altered before they were submitted. Staff contends
that Sperian therefore knowingly provided false and misleading information to
Staff in violation of Section 5-202.1 of the Public Utilities Act ("Act"). The
Citizens Utility Board ("CUB") concurs with Staff's position.

 Sperian contends that these allegations fail to state a claim because the sales
scripts were not submitted "in a proceeding" as required under Section 5-202.1.
Sperian observes that Staff's More Definite Statement ("Statement") clearly
states that the information at issue was submitted well before this proceeding
was initiated in response to an email from Staff requesting the scripts.

 Sperian correctly asserts that Allegations 6 and 16 should be dismissed since
the conduct described in Section 5-202.1 must have occurred "in a proceeding"
and the information provided by Sperian was provided before the Commission
initiated this proceeding. Section 5-202.1 states in part:

 Any person or corporation, as defined in Sections 3-113 and 3-114 of this Act,
who knowingly misrepresents facts or knowingly aids another in doing so or
knowingly permits another to misrepresent facts through testimony or the
offering or withholding of material information in any proceeding shall be
subject to a civil penalty.

 220 ILCS 5/5-202.1(a) (emphasis added).

 15-0438

 2

 Staff's Statement clearly states that the information was submitted before this
proceeding was initiated in response to an email from Staff requesting the
scripts. Specifically, Staff's Statement asserts that on March 31, 2015, Staff
requested by email that Sperian provide "copies of all residential sales scripts
and TPV scripts used by Sperian in Illinois within the last 6 months." Statement
at 9. The parties agree that Sperian complied shortly thereafter and provided
nine different sales scripts, including the two sales scripts at issue, in April
2015. Id.; Sperian Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss at 3.

 Contrary to Staff's assertion that the request was part of an "informal
investigation", it does not appear that Staff's email contained any statement
indicating that it was part of an "informal investigation". Moreover, Staff's
assertion that an argument could be made that Section 5-202.1 could apply to
informal investigations is unpersuasive. The language in this Section clearly
and unambiguously states that the misrepresentation must have occurred "in a
proceeding". It is well-settled that when the statutory language is clear and
unambiguous, the plain language as written must be given effect. It is only
necessary to look at the statute's legislative history or other aids of
statutory construction to ascertain the legislature's intent when the statutory
language is ambiguous or silent on an issue, which is not the case here.
Commonwealth Edison Co. v. Illinois Commerce Comm'n, 2014 IL App (1st) 132011,
19, 16 N.E.3d 801 (2014); Hadley v. Illinois Department of Corrections, 224 Ill.
2d 365, 371, 864 N.E.2d 162 (2007). Additionally, the Section is entitled
"Misrepresentation Before Commission; penalty" which further demonstrates that
this Section applies to proceedings before the Commission and not any
communication that a party has with Staff. Finally, adopting Staff's
interpretation of Section 5-202.1 would render the phrase "in a proceeding"
redundant and meaningless. Statutes should be construed, to the extent possible,
so that no term is rendered superfluous or meaningless. Balmoral Racing Club,
Inc. v. Topinka, 334 Ill. App. 3d 454, 459, 778 N.E.2d 239 (2002). Accordingly,
the Statement fails to plead all of the required elements of a cause of action
under Section 5-202.1 of the Act. Therefore, Allegations 6 and 16 are dismissed.


 III. Allegations 1, 2, 7, 8, 11, 12, 17, 18, 21, 22, 24, 25, 27, 28, 30, 31,
33, and 34

 Staff alleges that Sperian used certain telesales scripts that either failed to
include language that requires the agent to ascertain whether the consumer
consents to the solicitation or failed to identify the call as a solicitation in
violation of the Telephone Solicitation Act ("Solicitation Act"). Staff argues
that compliance with the Solicitation Act is a requirement of Section 412.130(a)
of Title 83 of the Illinois Administrative Code ("Code") and therefore a
violation of the Solicitation Act is also a violation of Section 412.130(a).
Staff maintains that Sperian has misinterpreted the Statement because none of
these allegations are brought pursuant to the Solicitation Act and Staff is not
suggesting that the Commission has the right to adjudicate claims under the act.
Additionally, Staff states that if the Commission is persuaded by Sperian's
arguments, Staff should be granted leave to replead these paragraphs to allege a
violation of Part 412 of the Code ("Part 412"). CUB agrees with Staff's argument
in support of these allegations.

 Sperian contends that these allegations relate directly to whether Sperian
complied with the Solicitation Act, not any of the actual requirements listed
and described in Section 412.130(a). Sperian disputes that the language in
Section 412.130(a) specifically adopts the underlying requirements of the
Solicitation Act. More importantly, Sperian argues that

 15-0438

 3

 these allegations should be dismissed because the Commission lacks the legal
authority to determine in the first instance whether Sperian's actions
constitute a violation of the Solicitation Act. Sperian states that Staff's
position is directly contradicted by the Commission's decisions in Docket Nos.
08-0175 and 00-0043, which state that the Commission can only determine whether
conduct violates the Act, not the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business
Practices Act ("Consumer Fraud Act"). Citizens Utility Board v. Illinois Energy
Savings, Docket No. 08-0175, Order at 4-5 (Apr. 13, 2010); Citizens Utility
Board v. Illinois Bell Telephone Co., Docket No. 00-0043, Order at 10 (Jan. 23,
2001).

 Although it does not appear, based on Staff's argument, that it intended to
suggest that the Commission may adjudicate claims under the Solicitation Act,
the wording of the allegations suggest otherwise. The Commission, like other
administrative agencies, is a creature of statute. As such, it only has the
power and authority conferred on it by the General Assembly. Spray v. Illinois
Civil Service Comm'n., 114 Ill. App. 3d 569, 573-574, 449 N.E.2d 176 (1st Dist.
1983). Therefore, the Commission only has jurisdiction over a claim if there is
statutory authority in the Act for the Commission to entertain it. As Sperian
correctly states, there is nothing in the Act or the Solicitation Act that gives
the Commission authority to hear matters under the Solicitation Act.

 As Sperian notes, the Commission has previously considered this issue in Docket
No. 08-0175. In that case, the complainant alleged claims against the
respondent, an alternative gas supplier, under the Consumer Fraud Act, the
Illinois Deceptive Trade Practices Act ("Deceptive Trade Practices Act"), and
Illinois common law, arguing that the claims could be adjudicated by the
Commission under Section 19-115(b)(2) of the Act, which required the respondent
to continue to "comply with all other applicable laws and rules." The Commission
stated the following:

 "[V]iolations of these laws and rules must first be found by courts of
competent jurisdiction. The Commission's jurisdiction resides in enforcing the
[Act]. Claims of violation of the [Consumer Fraud Act], the [Deceptive Trade
Practices Act], and Illinois common law cannot be brought before us. Parties
alleging damages of these laws should seek redress in a court of general
jurisdiction. If, in that proceeding, the court determines that violations of
these laws have occurred, then this Commission has jurisdiction under the [Act]
to consider these violations&hellip;."

 Docket No. 08-0175, Order at 4-5.

 For these reasons, Sperian has accurately stated that the Commission does not
have authority to determine if Sperian violated the Solicitation Act, which the
allegations would require as they are currently worded. Accordingly, Allegations
1, 2, 7, 8, 11, 12, 17, 18, 21, 22, 24, 25, 27, 28, 30, 31, 33, and 34 are
dismissed and Staff is granted leave to replead these allegations as requested.

 15-0438

 4

 IV. Allegations 5, 15 and 20

 Staff alleges that Sperian's sales agents failed to drop off sales calls during
the third-party verification process as instructed in certain scripts and
therefore violated Section 2EE(b) of the Consumer Fraud Act. Staff asserts that
each and every violation of the Consumer Fraud Act is a violation of Section
16-115A of the Act. According to Staff, compliance with Section 2EE of the
Consumer Fraud Act is described by the Act as an obligation of an alternative
retail electric supplier ("ARES") that such supplier "shall" undertake. Staff
Response to Motion to Dismiss at 7; 220 ILCS 5/16-115A(b). It is Staff's
position that Sperian's argument challenging these allegations should be
rejected because it is essentially arguing that the Commission lacks the
authority to enforce Section 16-115A. CUB asserts that these allegations should
not be dismissed for the same reasons asserted by Staff.

 Sperian argues that these allegations are stated as direct violations of the
Consumer Fraud Act and the Commission lacks authority to adjudicate claims under
that act. Moreover, Sperian asserts that the allegations seek relief under
"relevant statutes", including Section 2EE(b) of the Consumer Fraud Act which is
not permissible because that Section only allows the Commission to address
complaints filed by a consumer whose electric service was or is provided by
Sperian and this case was filed by Staff.

 Sperian observes that the Commission has previously determined in Docket Nos.
08-0175 and 00-0043 that it lacks authority to adjudicate claims under the
Consumer Fraud Act. Sperian points to the Commission's Order in Docket No.
00-0043 in which the Commission expressly stated that "the Commission lacks the
authority to directly enforce the provisions of the [Consumer Fraud Act]."
Docket No. 00-0043, Order at 10.

 Section 16-115A(b) expressly requires the Commission, as part of its oversight
of services provided by ARESs under Section 16-115B, to look to the requirements
set forth in Section 2EE of the Consumer Fraud Act to determine if a violation
of Section 16-115A(b) has occurred. Allegations 5, 15 and 20 as they are
currently written, particularly the remedies in Section IV that are referenced
therein, could be construed as requesting that the Commission enforce Section
16-115A of the Act and Section 2EE of the Consumer Fraud Act as well as grant
relief under these Sections. As previously noted, the Commission is a creature
of statute and it therefore only has jurisdiction over a claim if there is
statutory authority in the Act for the Commission to entertain it. The
Commission has previously determined that it lacks authority to adjudicate
claims under the Consumer Fraud Act except in one instance in which the General
Assembly has given the Commission direct enforcement responsibility under
Section 2EE of the Consumer Fraud Act which is limited to complaints filed by
subscribers asserting violations of Section 2EE by electric service providers.
815 ILCS 505/2EE(d); Docket No. 08-0175, Order at 37. This case does not fit
this exception because it was not filed by a subscriber. Thus, the Commission
can only enforce and grant relief under the Act. Accordingly, Allegations 5, 15
and 20 are dismissed and Staff is granted leave to replead these allegations in
order to clarify that it is only seeking enforcement of and relief under the
Act.

 V. Allegations 3, 9, 13, 19, 23, 26, 36 and 37

 Staff claims that Sperian's use of certain telesales scripts and a telesales
third-party verification script for telephone solicitations violated Sections
412.110(d), (f), (j), (k),

 15-0438

 5

 (l), (m), (n), (o), and (p) of the Code. Staff alleges that these Sections were
violated because these scripts did not describe in plain language what
conditions must be present for savings to occur if the consumer selected Sperian
as his/her retail electric supplier ("RES") or they failed to disclose material
terms of the contract to which the consumer was agreeing.

 Contrary to Sperian's argument, Staff contends that Sections 412.110(d) through
(p) apply to both written sales contracts and telephone solicitations.
Additionally, to support its position, Staff points to Paragraph 15 of the
Statement which states that "Part 412.130(c) requires a RES agent to ensure
that, during sales presentations to prospective customers, information described
in subsections (d) through (p) of Section 412.110 are verbally disclosed to the
customer." Statement at 4; 83 Ill. Adm. Code 412.110(c). CUB asserts that it
agrees with the arguments advanced by Staff.

 It is Sperian's position that these allegations should be dismissed for failure
to state a cause of action because Section 412.110 only applies to written sales
contracts and these allegations concern telephone solicitations. Sperian argues
that Staff is urging the Commission to ignore the clear pleading deficiencies in
these allegations since they are titled and styled as violations of various
subsections of Section 412.110, not Section 412.130(c).

 Sperian accurately states that Section 412.110 applies to written sales
contracts and that the allegations are characterized as violations of Section
412.110. It is apparent, however, based on Staff's arguments that these
allegations should have been characterized as violations of Section 412.130(c).
Accordingly, these allegations are dismissed and Staff is granted leave to
replead these allegations.

 VI. Allegations 4, 10, 14, 29, 32, and 35

 Staff asserts that Sperian violated Section 412.170(c) each time it used
certain scripts that contained deceptive and misleading language. Staff avers
that the Commission had authority to promulgate Part 412 and is obligated to
follow its own rules.

 CUB supports Staff's position that these allegations should not be dismissed.
CUB argues that the Commission has repeatedly considered and validated its
statutory authority to enact Part 412 and no appellate court has ruled
otherwise. Additionally, CUB states that the Commission must enforce the rules
because administrative regulations that have been enacted have the full force
and effect of law.

 Sperian argues that these allegations should be dismissed because the
Commission exceeded its regulatory authority in adopting the Part 412
regulations that Sperian is alleged to have violated. It also maintains that if
and in the event that the Allegations in 3, 9, 13, 19, 23, 26, 36 and 37
discussed above are interpreted to fall within Sections 412.130(c), 412.130(d)
or 412.170, they should be dismissed on the same basis. Sperian disagrees with
Staff's and CUB's assertions that the Commission has the authority to promulgate
regulations regarding ARES marketing activities or that the Commission had the
authority to promulgate Part 412 under its general rulemaking authority.
According to Sperian, the scope of the Commission's authority over ARESs is a
real controversy as evidenced by a recent Seventh Circuit opinion, Zahn v. N.
Am. Power & Gas, LLC, 815 F.3d 1082, 1092 (7thCir. 2016), and if the Illinois
Supreme Court

 15-0438

 6

 agrees to hear this case the decision could implicate the Commission's general
rulemaking authority asserted as a basis for the enactment of Part 412.

 As correctly noted by Staff and CUB, the Commission, in establishing the
administrative rules that Sperian challenges here, found that it has the
authority to promulgate regulations regarding the marketing practices of RESs
under its general ratemaking authority in Docket No. 09-0592. See generally,
Illinois Commerce Commission on its Own Motion: Adoption of 83 Ill. Adm. Code
412 and Amendment of 83 Ill. Adm. Code 453, Docket No. 09-0592, Post Prohibition
Order (October 3, 2012). The Commission has thoroughly considered and rejected
challenges to its authority to enact Part 412. Moreover, an agency's
interpretation of "its own standards and regulations is accorded deference as
'courts appreciate that agencies can make informed judgments upon the issues,
based upon their experience and expertise' and this policy is consistent with
the principle that administrative agencies must have wide latitude to adopt
regulations reasonably necessary to effectuate their statutory functions." City
of Chicago v. Illinois Labor Relations Bd. Local Panel, 396 Ill. App. 3d 61,
73-79, 918 N.E.2d 1103 (1st Dist. 2009) (quoting Water Pipe Extension, Bureau Of
Engineering, Laborers Local 1092 v. Illinois Local Labor Relations Board, 252
Ill. App. 3d 932, 936, 625 N.E.2d 733 (1st Dist. 1993)).

 Finally, these rules have been adopted and are presumed valid. Therefore, the
Commission has a duty to enforce them since an agency is bound by the rules that
it promulgates and must adhere to them. Kaszynski v. Department of Public Aid,
274 Ill. App. 3d 38, 45, 653 N.E.2d 1330 (3rd Dist.1995). Accordingly, Sperian's
Motion to Dismiss as to Allegations 4, 10, 14, 29, 32, and 35 is denied.

 VII. Allegation 40

 Staff alleges that the significant number of instances in which Sperian's
agents provided false, deceptive or misleading information to consumers is
evidence of its failure to properly train agents in violation of Section
412.170(c) of the Code. Staff contends that Sperian has violated Section 412.170
because it requires the sales agents of an ARES to be properly trained so that
agents do not "utilize false, misleading, materially inaccurate or otherwise
deceptive language or materials in soliciting or providing services." 83 Ill.
Adm. Code 412.170(c). CUB concurs with Staff's position.

 Sperian argues that this allegation fails to state a claim under Section
412.170 because this Section provides that agents shall be "knowledgeable" and
"familiar" with the subject matter, but it does not contain any specific or
substantive training requirements for agents.

 Contrary to Sperian's assertion, Section 412.170 clearly sets forth specific
requirements that must be met when training RES agents. Specifically, this
Section states that RES agents must be: (1) knowledgeable of the applicable
requirements in Part 412, the Act, the Consumer Fraud Act, and other rules; (2)
familiar with the services they sell, including the rates, payment and billing
options, the customers' right to cancel, and applicable termination fees, if
any; and (3) capable of providing contact information if customers have billing
questions, disputes or complaints. 83 Ill. Adm. Code 412.170(a) and (b).
Additionally, the list of requirements in this regulation, which is entitled
"Training of RES Agents", also includes a requirement that RES agents should not
utilize false,

 15-0438

 7

 misleading, materially inaccurate or otherwise deceptive language or materials
in soliciting or providing services.

 A review of the regulation shows that it expressly enumerates training
requirements for RES agents, including a requirement that they must be trained
properly so they do not "utilize false, misleading, materially inaccurate or
otherwise deceptive language or materials in soliciting or providing services."
83 Ill. Adm. Code 412.170(c). Thus, Sperian's Motion to Dismiss as to Allegation
40 is denied.

 VIII. Conclusion

 Sperian's Motion to Dismiss is denied as to Allegations 4, 10, 14, 29, 32, 35,
and 40 and granted as to Allegations 1-3, 5-9, 11-13, 15-28, 30-31, 33-34,
36-37, with leave to replead all of the dismissed allegations except Allegations
6 and 16 as specified herein.

 Staff must file its Amended Statement by September 16, 2016. Sperian must file
an Answer or otherwise plead by October 7, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Regulatory update: Illinois Commerce Commission;Sperian Energy Corp. , has
issued (15-0438 ) Notice of Administrative Law Judge's Ruling

LENGTH: 3615  words

DATELINE: New York



 Springfield:  Illinois Commerce Commission has issued the following document
(filing):





 ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE'S RULING ON MOTION TO DISMISS

 Sperian Energy Corp.'s ("Sperian") Motion to Dismiss Allegations 1-37 and 40 of
the More Definite Statement ("Motion to Dismiss") filed by Commission Staff
("Staff") pursuant to Sections 2-615 and 2-619 of the Illinois Code of Civil
Procedure (735 ILCS 5/2-615 and 5/2-619) is granted in part and denied in part,
with leave to replead.



 I. Applicable Legal Standards

 A Section 2-615 motion to dismiss presents the question of whether the facts
alleged in the complaint, viewed in a light most favorable to the plaintiff, are
sufficient to entitle the plaintiff to relief as a matter of law. 735 ILCS
5/2-615; LaSalle National Bank v. City Suites, Inc., 325 Ill. App. 3d 780, 790,
758 N.E.2d 382 (1st Dist. 2001). Such a motion should only be granted if it
appears that the plaintiff can prove no set of facts which would entitle him or
her to the relief sought. Holloway v. Meyer, 311 Ill. App. 3d 818, 823, 726
N.E.2d 678 (2nd Dist. 2000).

 A Section 2-619 motion to dismiss admits the legal sufficiency of a complaint
but asserts an affirmative matter, defect or defense to defeat the claim. 735
ILCS 5/2-619; Nessler v. Nessler, 387 Ill. App. 3d 1103, 1109, 902 N.E.2d 701
(4th Dist. 2008). Specifically, Section 2-619 provides nine grounds upon which a
party may move to dismiss its opponent's claims. If grounds for dismissal are
not apparent on the face of the complaint, the moving party must file an
affidavit along with its 2-619 motion to demonstrate the basis for dismissal.
Id.

 II. Allegations 6 and 16

 Staff alleges that two of the scripts that Sperian provided in response to
Staff's request by email were altered before they were submitted. Staff contends
that Sperian therefore knowingly provided false and misleading information to
Staff in violation of Section 5-202.1 of the Public Utilities Act ("Act"). The
Citizens Utility Board ("CUB") concurs with Staff's position.

 Sperian contends that these allegations fail to state a claim because the sales
scripts were not submitted "in a proceeding" as required under Section 5-202.1.
Sperian observes that Staff's More Definite Statement ("Statement") clearly
states that the information at issue was submitted well before this proceeding
was initiated in response to an email from Staff requesting the scripts.

 Sperian correctly asserts that Allegations 6 and 16 should be dismissed since
the conduct described in Section 5-202.1 must have occurred "in a proceeding"
and the information provided by Sperian was provided before the Commission
initiated this proceeding. Section 5-202.1 states in part:

 Any person or corporation, as defined in Sections 3-113 and 3-114 of this Act,
who knowingly misrepresents facts or knowingly aids another in doing so or
knowingly permits another to misrepresent facts through testimony or the
offering or withholding of material information in any proceeding shall be
subject to a civil penalty.

 220 ILCS 5/5-202.1(a) (emphasis added).

 15-0438

 2

 Staff's Statement clearly states that the information was submitted before this
proceeding was initiated in response to an email from Staff requesting the
scripts. Specifically, Staff's Statement asserts that on March 31, 2015, Staff
requested by email that Sperian provide "copies of all residential sales scripts
and TPV scripts used by Sperian in Illinois within the last 6 months." Statement
at 9. The parties agree that Sperian complied shortly thereafter and provided
nine different sales scripts, including the two sales scripts at issue, in April
2015. Id.; Sperian Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss at 3.

 Contrary to Staff's assertion that the request was part of an "informal
investigation", it does not appear that Staff's email contained any statement
indicating that it was part of an "informal investigation". Moreover, Staff's
assertion that an argument could be made that Section 5-202.1 could apply to
informal investigations is unpersuasive. The language in this Section clearly
and unambiguously states that the misrepresentation must have occurred "in a
proceeding". It is well-settled that when the statutory language is clear and
unambiguous, the plain language as written must be given effect. It is only
necessary to look at the statute's legislative history or other aids of
statutory construction to ascertain the legislature's intent when the statutory
language is ambiguous or silent on an issue, which is not the case here.
Commonwealth Edison Co. v. Illinois Commerce Comm'n, 2014 IL App (1st) 132011,
19, 16 N.E.3d 801 (2014); Hadley v. Illinois Department of Corrections, 224 Ill.
2d 365, 371, 864 N.E.2d 162 (2007). Additionally, the Section is entitled
"Misrepresentation Before Commission; penalty" which further demonstrates that
this Section applies to proceedings before the Commission and not any
communication that a party has with Staff. Finally, adopting Staff's
interpretation of Section 5-202.1 would render the phrase "in a proceeding"
redundant and meaningless. Statutes should be construed, to the extent possible,
so that no term is rendered superfluous or meaningless. Balmoral Racing Club,
Inc. v. Topinka, 334 Ill. App. 3d 454, 459, 778 N.E.2d 239 (2002). Accordingly,
the Statement fails to plead all of the required elements of a cause of action
under Section 5-202.1 of the Act. Therefore, Allegations 6 and 16 are dismissed.


 III. Allegations 1, 2, 7, 8, 11, 12, 17, 18, 21, 22, 24, 25, 27, 28, 30, 31,
33, and 34

 Staff alleges that Sperian used certain telesales scripts that either failed to
include language that requires the agent to ascertain whether the consumer
consents to the solicitation or failed to identify the call as a solicitation in
violation of the Telephone Solicitation Act ("Solicitation Act"). Staff argues
that compliance with the Solicitation Act is a requirement of Section 412.130(a)
of Title 83 of the Illinois Administrative Code ("Code") and therefore a
violation of the Solicitation Act is also a violation of Section 412.130(a).
Staff maintains that Sperian has misinterpreted the Statement because none of
these allegations are brought pursuant to the Solicitation Act and Staff is not
suggesting that the Commission has the right to adjudicate claims under the act.
Additionally, Staff states that if the Commission is persuaded by Sperian's
arguments, Staff should be granted leave to replead these paragraphs to allege a
violation of Part 412 of the Code ("Part 412"). CUB agrees with Staff's argument
in support of these allegations.

 Sperian contends that these allegations relate directly to whether Sperian
complied with the Solicitation Act, not any of the actual requirements listed
and described in Section 412.130(a). Sperian disputes that the language in
Section 412.130(a) specifically adopts the underlying requirements of the
Solicitation Act. More importantly, Sperian argues that

 15-0438

 3

 these allegations should be dismissed because the Commission lacks the legal
authority to determine in the first instance whether Sperian's actions
constitute a violation of the Solicitation Act. Sperian states that Staff's
position is directly contradicted by the Commission's decisions in Docket Nos.
08-0175 and 00-0043, which state that the Commission can only determine whether
conduct violates the Act, not the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business
Practices Act ("Consumer Fraud Act"). Citizens Utility Board v. Illinois Energy
Savings, Docket No. 08-0175, Order at 4-5 (Apr. 13, 2010); Citizens Utility
Board v. Illinois Bell Telephone Co., Docket No. 00-0043, Order at 10 (Jan. 23,
2001).

 Although it does not appear, based on Staff's argument, that it intended to
suggest that the Commission may adjudicate claims under the Solicitation Act,
the wording of the allegations suggest otherwise. The Commission, like other
administrative agencies, is a creature of statute. As such, it only has the
power and authority conferred on it by the General Assembly. Spray v. Illinois
Civil Service Comm'n., 114 Ill. App. 3d 569, 573-574, 449 N.E.2d 176 (1st Dist.
1983). Therefore, the Commission only has jurisdiction over a claim if there is
statutory authority in the Act for the Commission to entertain it. As Sperian
correctly states, there is nothing in the Act or the Solicitation Act that gives
the Commission authority to hear matters under the Solicitation Act.

 As Sperian notes, the Commission has previously considered this issue in Docket
No. 08-0175. In that case, the complainant alleged claims against the
respondent, an alternative gas supplier, under the Consumer Fraud Act, the
Illinois Deceptive Trade Practices Act ("Deceptive Trade Practices Act"), and
Illinois common law, arguing that the claims could be adjudicated by the
Commission under Section 19-115(b)(2) of the Act, which required the respondent
to continue to "comply with all other applicable laws and rules." The Commission
stated the following:

 "[V]iolations of these laws and rules must first be found by courts of
competent jurisdiction. The Commission's jurisdiction resides in enforcing the
[Act]. Claims of violation of the [Consumer Fraud Act], the [Deceptive Trade
Practices Act], and Illinois common law cannot be brought before us. Parties
alleging damages of these laws should seek redress in a court of general
jurisdiction. If, in that proceeding, the court determines that violations of
these laws have occurred, then this Commission has jurisdiction under the [Act]
to consider these violations&hellip;."

 Docket No. 08-0175, Order at 4-5.

 For these reasons, Sperian has accurately stated that the Commission does not
have authority to determine if Sperian violated the Solicitation Act, which the
allegations would require as they are currently worded. Accordingly, Allegations
1, 2, 7, 8, 11, 12, 17, 18, 21, 22, 24, 25, 27, 28, 30, 31, 33, and 34 are
dismissed and Staff is granted leave to replead these allegations as requested.

 15-0438

 4

 IV. Allegations 5, 15 and 20

 Staff alleges that Sperian's sales agents failed to drop off sales calls during
the third-party verification process as instructed in certain scripts and
therefore violated Section 2EE(b) of the Consumer Fraud Act. Staff asserts that
each and every violation of the Consumer Fraud Act is a violation of Section
16-115A of the Act. According to Staff, compliance with Section 2EE of the
Consumer Fraud Act is described by the Act as an obligation of an alternative
retail electric supplier ("ARES") that such supplier "shall" undertake. Staff
Response to Motion to Dismiss at 7; 220 ILCS 5/16-115A(b). It is Staff's
position that Sperian's argument challenging these allegations should be
rejected because it is essentially arguing that the Commission lacks the
authority to enforce Section 16-115A. CUB asserts that these allegations should
not be dismissed for the same reasons asserted by Staff.

 Sperian argues that these allegations are stated as direct violations of the
Consumer Fraud Act and the Commission lacks authority to adjudicate claims under
that act. Moreover, Sperian asserts that the allegations seek relief under
"relevant statutes", including Section 2EE(b) of the Consumer Fraud Act which is
not permissible because that Section only allows the Commission to address
complaints filed by a consumer whose electric service was or is provided by
Sperian and this case was filed by Staff.

 Sperian observes that the Commission has previously determined in Docket Nos.
08-0175 and 00-0043 that it lacks authority to adjudicate claims under the
Consumer Fraud Act. Sperian points to the Commission's Order in Docket No.
00-0043 in which the Commission expressly stated that "the Commission lacks the
authority to directly enforce the provisions of the [Consumer Fraud Act]."
Docket No. 00-0043, Order at 10.

 Section 16-115A(b) expressly requires the Commission, as part of its oversight
of services provided by ARESs under Section 16-115B, to look to the requirements
set forth in Section 2EE of the Consumer Fraud Act to determine if a violation
of Section 16-115A(b) has occurred. Allegations 5, 15 and 20 as they are
currently written, particularly the remedies in Section IV that are referenced
therein, could be construed as requesting that the Commission enforce Section
16-115A of the Act and Section 2EE of the Consumer Fraud Act as well as grant
relief under these Sections. As previously noted, the Commission is a creature
of statute and it therefore only has jurisdiction over a claim if there is
statutory authority in the Act for the Commission to entertain it. The
Commission has previously determined that it lacks authority to adjudicate
claims under the Consumer Fraud Act except in one instance in which the General
Assembly has given the Commission direct enforcement responsibility under
Section 2EE of the Consumer Fraud Act which is limited to complaints filed by
subscribers asserting violations of Section 2EE by electric service providers.
815 ILCS 505/2EE(d); Docket No. 08-0175, Order at 37. This case does not fit
this exception because it was not filed by a subscriber. Thus, the Commission
can only enforce and grant relief under the Act. Accordingly, Allegations 5, 15
and 20 are dismissed and Staff is granted leave to replead these allegations in
order to clarify that it is only seeking enforcement of and relief under the
Act.

 V. Allegations 3, 9, 13, 19, 23, 26, 36 and 37

 Staff claims that Sperian's use of certain telesales scripts and a telesales
third-party verification script for telephone solicitations violated Sections
412.110(d), (f), (j), (k),

 15-0438

 5

 (l), (m), (n), (o), and (p) of the Code. Staff alleges that these Sections were
violated because these scripts did not describe in plain language what
conditions must be present for savings to occur if the consumer selected Sperian
as his/her retail electric supplier ("RES") or they failed to disclose material
terms of the contract to which the consumer was agreeing.

 Contrary to Sperian's argument, Staff contends that Sections 412.110(d) through
(p) apply to both written sales contracts and telephone solicitations.
Additionally, to support its position, Staff points to Paragraph 15 of the
Statement which states that "Part 412.130(c) requires a RES agent to ensure
that, during sales presentations to prospective customers, information described
in subsections (d) through (p) of Section 412.110 are verbally disclosed to the
customer." Statement at 4; 83 Ill. Adm. Code 412.110(c). CUB asserts that it
agrees with the arguments advanced by Staff.

 It is Sperian's position that these allegations should be dismissed for failure
to state a cause of action because Section 412.110 only applies to written sales
contracts and these allegations concern telephone solicitations. Sperian argues
that Staff is urging the Commission to ignore the clear pleading deficiencies in
these allegations since they are titled and styled as violations of various
subsections of Section 412.110, not Section 412.130(c).

 Sperian accurately states that Section 412.110 applies to written sales
contracts and that the allegations are characterized as violations of Section
412.110. It is apparent, however, based on Staff's arguments that these
allegations should have been characterized as violations of Section 412.130(c).
Accordingly, these allegations are dismissed and Staff is granted leave to
replead these allegations.

 VI. Allegations 4, 10, 14, 29, 32, and 35

 Staff asserts that Sperian violated Section 412.170(c) each time it used
certain scripts that contained deceptive and misleading language. Staff avers
that the Commission had authority to promulgate Part 412 and is obligated to
follow its own rules.

 CUB supports Staff's position that these allegations should not be dismissed.
CUB argues that the Commission has repeatedly considered and validated its
statutory authority to enact Part 412 and no appellate court has ruled
otherwise. Additionally, CUB states that the Commission must enforce the rules
because administrative regulations that have been enacted have the full force
and effect of law.

 Sperian argues that these allegations should be dismissed because the
Commission exceeded its regulatory authority in adopting the Part 412
regulations that Sperian is alleged to have violated. It also maintains that if
and in the event that the Allegations in 3, 9, 13, 19, 23, 26, 36 and 37
discussed above are interpreted to fall within Sections 412.130(c), 412.130(d)
or 412.170, they should be dismissed on the same basis. Sperian disagrees with
Staff's and CUB's assertions that the Commission has the authority to promulgate
regulations regarding ARES marketing activities or that the Commission had the
authority to promulgate Part 412 under its general rulemaking authority.
According to Sperian, the scope of the Commission's authority over ARESs is a
real controversy as evidenced by a recent Seventh Circuit opinion, Zahn v. N.
Am. Power & Gas, LLC, 815 F.3d 1082, 1092 (7thCir. 2016), and if the Illinois
Supreme Court

 15-0438

 6

 agrees to hear this case the decision could implicate the Commission's general
rulemaking authority asserted as a basis for the enactment of Part 412.

 As correctly noted by Staff and CUB, the Commission, in establishing the
administrative rules that Sperian challenges here, found that it has the
authority to promulgate regulations regarding the marketing practices of RESs
under its general ratemaking authority in Docket No. 09-0592. See generally,
Illinois Commerce Commission on its Own Motion: Adoption of 83 Ill. Adm. Code
412 and Amendment of 83 Ill. Adm. Code 453, Docket No. 09-0592, Post Prohibition
Order (October 3, 2012). The Commission has thoroughly considered and rejected
challenges to its authority to enact Part 412. Moreover, an agency's
interpretation of "its own standards and regulations is accorded deference as
'courts appreciate that agencies can make informed judgments upon the issues,
based upon their experience and expertise' and this policy is consistent with
the principle that administrative agencies must have wide latitude to adopt
regulations reasonably necessary to effectuate their statutory functions." City
of Chicago v. Illinois Labor Relations Bd. Local Panel, 396 Ill. App. 3d 61,
73-79, 918 N.E.2d 1103 (1st Dist. 2009) (quoting Water Pipe Extension, Bureau Of
Engineering, Laborers Local 1092 v. Illinois Local Labor Relations Board, 252
Ill. App. 3d 932, 936, 625 N.E.2d 733 (1st Dist. 1993)).

 Finally, these rules have been adopted and are presumed valid. Therefore, the
Commission has a duty to enforce them since an agency is bound by the rules that
it promulgates and must adhere to them. Kaszynski v. Department of Public Aid,
274 Ill. App. 3d 38, 45, 653 N.E.2d 1330 (3rd Dist.1995). Accordingly, Sperian's
Motion to Dismiss as to Allegations 4, 10, 14, 29, 32, and 35 is denied.

 VII. Allegation 40

 Staff alleges that the significant number of instances in which Sperian's
agents provided false, deceptive or misleading information to consumers is
evidence of its failure to properly train agents in violation of Section
412.170(c) of the Code. Staff contends that Sperian has violated Section 412.170
because it requires the sales agents of an ARES to be properly trained so that
agents do not "utilize false, misleading, materially inaccurate or otherwise
deceptive language or materials in soliciting or providing services." 83 Ill.
Adm. Code 412.170(c). CUB concurs with Staff's position.

 Sperian argues that this allegation fails to state a claim under Section
412.170 because this Section provides that agents shall be "knowledgeable" and
"familiar" with the subject matter, but it does not contain any specific or
substantive training requirements for agents.

 Contrary to Sperian's assertion, Section 412.170 clearly sets forth specific
requirements that must be met when training RES agents. Specifically, this
Section states that RES agents must be: (1) knowledgeable of the applicable
requirements in Part 412, the Act, the Consumer Fraud Act, and other rules; (2)
familiar with the services they sell, including the rates, payment and billing
options, the customers' right to cancel, and applicable termination fees, if
any; and (3) capable of providing contact information if customers have billing
questions, disputes or complaints. 83 Ill. Adm. Code 412.170(a) and (b).
Additionally, the list of requirements in this regulation, which is entitled
"Training of RES Agents", also includes a requirement that RES agents should not
utilize false,

 15-0438

 7

 misleading, materially inaccurate or otherwise deceptive language or materials
in soliciting or providing services.

 A review of the regulation shows that it expressly enumerates training
requirements for RES agents, including a requirement that they must be trained
properly so they do not "utilize false, misleading, materially inaccurate or
otherwise deceptive language or materials in soliciting or providing services."
83 Ill. Adm. Code 412.170(c). Thus, Sperian's Motion to Dismiss as to Allegation
40 is denied.

 VIII. Conclusion

 Sperian's Motion to Dismiss is denied as to Allegations 4, 10, 14, 29, 32, 35,
and 40 and granted as to Allegations 1-3, 5-9, 11-13, 15-28, 30-31, 33-34,
36-37, with leave to replead all of the dismissed allegations except Allegations
6 and 16 as specified herein.

 Staff must file its Amended Statement by September 16, 2016. Sperian must file
an Answer or otherwise plead by October 7, 2016.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

DID NEIL GORSUCH CALL DONALD TRUMP'S JUDICIARY COMMENTS 'DISHEARTENING' AND
'DEMORALIZING'?

BYLINE: LAUREN CARROLL

SECTION: POLITIFACT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 775 words


According to Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., Supreme Court nominee Neil
Gorsuch said it's "disheartening" and "demoralizing" to hear President Donald
Trump question the federal court system's independence.

But Trump - who has repeatedly criticized judges examining the legality of his
immigration ban executive order - said Blumenthal isn't telling the truth about
Gorsuch.

"Sen. Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he
had (major lie), now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?" Trump wrote on
his personal Twitter account Feb. 9.

Whether Blumenthal misrepresented his military record in Vietnam is a question
we're digging into for a separate article.

But here, we'll examine the he-said-she-said surrounding whether Gorsuch called
Trump's comments "disheartening" and "demoralizing." Ultimately, we can't know
exactly what Gorsuch said and in what context (so we can't rate Trump's claim on
the Truth-O-Meter). But there is evidence supporting Blumenthal's account.

- - -

What Blumenthal said

Blumenthal met privately with Gorsuch on Capitol Hill Feb. 8 as part of routine
meetings with the senators who will vote on Gorsuch's nomination. Afterward,
Blumenthal recounted the discussion to reporters.

Blumenthal said he asked Gorsuch about Trump's comments calling U.S. District
Court Judge James Robart a "so-called judge" after Robart, appointed by
President George W. Bush, blocked Trump's travel ban.

"I told him how abhorrent Donald Trump's invective and insults are toward the
judiciary. And he said to me that he found them 'disheartening' and
'demoralizing.' His words," Blumenthal said in an interview with the Washington
Post.

"Nobody need believe me about what Judge Gorsuch said when he commented that
these vicious repeated attacks by President Trump are disheartening and
demoralizing," Blumenthal said on MSNBC the next morning, Feb. 9. "There were
numerous White House staffers in the room, and he's made the same comment, as
you just heard, to a number of my colleagues in their private conversation."

- - -

Gorsuch response

Gorsuch has not responded to Blumenthal publicly himself. However, Republican
strategist Ron Bonjean, who is assisting the White House on the Gorsuch
nomination, confirmed Blumenthal's account to reporters.

Later, other senators said Gorsuch made similar statements in their private
meetings, including Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Neb., and Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer, D-N.Y.

"Judge Gorsuch and I actually talked about that," Sasse said on MSNBC Feb. 9.
"And frankly he got pretty passionate about it. I asked him about the 'so-called
judges' comment because we don't have' so-called judges' or so-called presidents
or so-called senators. And this is a guy who kind of welled up with some energy
and he said any attack on any of, I think his term to me was brothers or sisters
of the robe, is an attack on all judges. And he believes in an independent
judiciary."

Former Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., who is assisting Gorsuch in his Capitol Hill
meetings, had a slightly different take. She said in a statement to NBC that
Gorsuch said any attack on the judiciary is "disheartening" and "demoralizing" -
speaking generally rather than responding directly to Trump's recent comments.

"Judge Gorsuch has made it very clear in all of his discussions with senators,
including Sen. Blumenthal, that he could not comment on any specific cases and
that judicial ethics prevent him from commenting on political matters," Ayotte's
statement said. "He has also emphasized the importance of an independent
judiciary, and while he made clear that he was not referring to any specific
case, he said that he finds any criticism of a judge's integrity and
independence disheartening and demoralizing,"

- - -

The verdict

Again, we can't know for sure exactly what Gorsuch said in his private meetings
with Blumenthal and others. It's possible that Gorsuch responded to Trump's
comments directly, but it's also possible he was asked about Trump's comments
and then attempted to respond more generally. But a spokesman for Gorsuch
confirmed Blumenthal's account, and multiple senators have said Gorsuch told
them that he found Trump's comments about the judiciary "disheartening" and
"demoralizing." Overall, the evidence seems to point away from Trump's claim
that Blumenthal "misrepresents" his conversation with Gorsuch.

* * *

Sources:

CQ, transcript search of Feb. 8-Feb. 9, 2017, conducted Feb. 9, 2017

Washington Post, "Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch says Trump's attacks on
judiciary are 'demoralizing,' " Feb. 9, 2017

CNN, "Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch calls Trump's tweets 'disheartening'," Feb.
9, 2017

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VIDEO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2017 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Op-ed: Bishop misrepresents what is in his own PLI bill

BYLINE: By Josh Boling

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 689 words


On Feb. 17, I met with Rep. Rob Bishop at his Ogden office to discuss the Public
Lands Initiative. I have found some grave discrepancies in what he told me
during our meeting and what I have confirmed through independent sources. I'll
address two examples here as illustrative of others contained in this bill.

On Economics: I began our conversation by presenting a case study done by
Headwaters Economics on the economic impacts of the Grand Staircase Escalante
National Monument in Kane and Garfield Counties. The data collected from 1996 to
2008 shows positive economic gains for those counties, including the substantial
growth of jobs, real personal income and real per-capita income. My point in
reviewing this study with Rep. Bishop was to point out that stronger protections
for the PLI-proposed Bears Ears NCA, or even a national monument designation,
would not only provide the stewardship that the tribes and conservation groups
have been calling for, but it would also be a boon to the local economy ccc the
"certainty" Bishop is striving for.

Bishop was quick to dismiss the study as "crap" because it was "counting St.
George" in Washington County.

I wanted to verify whether or not this was true, so I contacted Headwaters
Economics directly. I simply asked if anyone on staff could confirm or deny that
their study of the monument did, in fact, include the city of St. George,
thereby skewing the numbers and giving the appearance that the monument is more
beneficial to the local economy than it really is.

I heard back from two people at Headwaters, including the executive director. He
told me that during a hearing, Bishop "criticized [Headwaters] for not including
St. George." He went on to say that he told Bishop that Headwaters "only looked
at Kane and Garfield counties" because "including Washington County would have
greatly skewed the numbers."

On Air Quality Standards:

Bishop said, "They've complained about our air quality standards. Our air
quality standards are the status quo. We got the language from one of the
environmental groups that are now attacking it as bad language, but it was their
damn language in the first place."

The environmental groups did maintain that a wilderness designation would not
automatically make the area a Class I airshed, as the Clean Air Act leaves that
decision up to a state legislature. The Wilderness Society wrote the following
to the counties participating in the PLI process: "Wilderness designation will
not result in the establishment of Class I areas under the Clean Air Act."

However, that language is a far cry from nullifying the state Legislature's
legal ability to ever classify those airsheds as Class I in the future, which is
exactly what Bishop's PLI does. In Section 110, the PLI states, "The wilderness
areas designated under section 101 shall not be designated as Class I airsheds
under the Clean Air Act." Similar language for other designations will be found
in Sections 204 (e), 303 (h), 501 (i), 704 (h), and 803 (d).

With this language, the PLI assures that all lands in question will remain, at
best, a Class II airshed in perpetuity. That means that the drilling, mining,
extracting, tar sands development, etc. (and their subsequent pollutions) that
the PLI allows can proceed right up to the borders of a pristine wilderness area
or other equally precious landscape- come what may. This language straight from
the PLI does indeed paint a very different picture from what any self-respecting
environmentalist would ever propose.

Disinformation has been spread far and wide regarding Rep. Bishop's PLI draft.
Hopefully, people will begin to note these discrepancies and pledge to delve
deep into the issue at hand, inform themselves, and make their own decisions.
Unfortunately, it has become all too clear that candor is not something we
should expect from those lobbying this bill.

The fact that the author of the bill, Rep. Bishop himself, felt the need to
misrepresent the facts to one of his own constituents in order to justify the
contents of his legislation speaks volumes to the dubiousness of its merits.

Josh Boling is a teacher in Logan.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           October 27, 1998, Tuesday

HANDICAPPING THE SENATE RACE; TURNOUT SHOULD BREAK AL'S WAY - BUT IT'S NOW
CHUCK'S TO LOSE

BYLINE: DICK MORRIS

SECTION: PostOpinion; Pg. 025

LENGTH: 969 words


THE epic struggle between Chuck Schumer and Alfonse D'Amato is a draw in most of
the polls. It's a hard one to call. Here's how it shapes up.

Normally, a tie race means that the challenger - Schumer - is likely to win.
When voters tell pollsters they are undecided in a race involving an incumbent,
it's usually their way of saying that they have decided to vote against the
incumbent, but they aren't sure who the challenger is yet. It's as if someone
asked your wife will you be married to the same guy next year? and she was
undecided. It doesn't bode well for the marriage.

But 1998 is no ordinary year. In fact, there is absolutely nothing ordinary
about it. In every poll, Republicans are consistently more likely to vote than
are Democrats. For the GOP voters it's the presidency that is on the line. They
realize that November could be their last chance to get rid of their hated enemy
- Bill Clinton. For Democrats, this is just another election for senator. And
minorities, who make up almost half of the registered Democrats in New York,
have demonstrated that they are especially unlikely to vote in an off-year
election unless one of their own - like David Dinkins - is in a high-profile
race.

So Schumer is running up a down escalator. He's likely to get a good break among
the undecideds, but he needs a five- or six-point lead to compensate for the
greater likelihood of D'Amato voters to turn out at the polls.

The race began as a contest of liberal vs. liar. Republican consultant Arthur
Finkelstein, who has always handled D'Amato, tried to label Schumer a liberal
early in the race. Finkelstein always uses this tactic, whether it fits or not.
In Schumer's case, the voters weren't buying it. Compared to card-carrying
liberals like Bob Abrams, Schumer has always been a moderate and the voters know
it.

The Brooklyn congressman responded to the liberal label by calling D'Amato a
liar. Too many lies for too long is a neat slogan that amounts to political
jujitsu - using the enemy's strength against him. The more D'Amato attacked, the
more vulnerable he became to Schumer's retort.

It took a few weeks for Finkelstein and D'Amato to get the message, but they
caught their mistake in time and switched their attack from liberalism to
absenteeism. A non-partisan, non-ideological negative, bad attendance works
well. If you cast a vote, you get one side mad at you. If you miss it, you get
both on your case.

Stupidly, Schumer, who has boasted a 92 percent attendance rating during his
congressional tenure, left himself wide open by missing about a quarter of the
votes while he was running for Senate this year. D'Amato's ad campaign assured
he would pay for each missed vote in blood.

Finally, Schumer devised an effective answer to the attendance attack, pointing
out that his overall voting percentage was good and noting that D'Amato, too,
had missed his share of votes during the campaign. Schumer's rebuttal brought
the race back to even where it stands today.

D'Amato may have cooked his own goose by calling Schumer a putzhead and then
denying, on film, that he had made the remark. The comment itself wouldn't
matter, just that D'Amato seemed to misrepresent what he actually said while the
cameras were rolling. While he didn't wag his finger like Clinton did, the
public's sensitivity to politicians who don't tell the truth on TV has never
been higher. Alertly, Schumer pounced on the incident and had an ad up and
running within hours.

Schumer has been able to stay with one theme throughout: liar. D'Amato has tried
liberal and then attendance and now must go for something else. Schumer enters
the last week in the dominant position.

Meanwhile, Democrats throughout the country are getting a boost from Clinton's
recent performance. The peace dividend from the Mideast agreement should be
particularly important in New York state with its large Jewish community. The
administration's success in increasing education funding and avoiding military
action in Kosovo are also bolstering Clinton's ratings at a crucial time.

But don't bet on it. The glow from these achievements will be short-lived - and
the more political Clinton becomes in the final week before Election Day, the
more he will dissipate the good will and come across as a politician trying to
save his own hide. In 1994, Clinton had October successes in both Haiti and the
Middle East and still got creamed in the November elections.

So how will it all come out? D'Amato can't live with the current polls which
show a 42-42 tie. If he goes into Election Day down around 40 percent of the
vote, he'll lose. He has to realize that most undecideds will vote against him
so he needs to drag his vote share up into the high 40s. If he gets it up around
46 percent or 47 percent, then he'll likely win because the Republican voters
will turn out in higher numbers. Schumer has to keep D'Amato down in the low 40s
to have a chance at victory.

If Schumer plays his cards right, he can assure his own victory. If he rebuts
what is thrown at him and stays on the liar theme, he can stop D'Amato from
moving up. But D'Amato has lots of money and can throw lots of punches. With his
funding, he can box like an octopus, raining blows from all over on Schumer.

The bottom line? It's harder to change poll numbers than it is to keep them the
same. If the polls don't change, Schumer will win. The next week will tell.


LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The (putzhead) comment itself didn't matter - but D'Amato seemed to
misrepresent what he actually said while the cameras were rolling. While he
didn't wag his finger like Clinton did, the public's sensitivity to politicians
who don't tell the truth on TV has never been higher. Alertly, Schumer pounced
on the incident and had an ad up and running within hours.

           Copyright 1998 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              258 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             April 16, 2004 Friday
                                  Late Edition

The thirteenth chime of the clock

BYLINE: Paul Monk. Paul Monk is a founder of Austhink, the critical thinking
skills research, training and consulting group. A footnoted version of this
essay can be found at www.austhink.org.

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1900 words


Paul Monk on Richard Clarke's negligent approach to an intelligence puzzle

. . . the case that Iraq and al-Qaeda forged an alliance is far stronger than
the conventional wisdom would suggest and the case against it far weaker.
(Richard Miniter, in Losing bin Laden: How Bill Clinton's Failures Unleashed
Global Terror, 2003) Richard Clarke's recently published Against All Enemies:
Inside America's War on Terror is a polemic directed against the Bush
administration's invasion of Iraq last year. It is, in many ways, a very
interesting and highly readable book. If you accept his basic premise, that
there was no substantive link between Iraq and al-Qaeda, his case is both
eloquent and quite persuasive. The strange thing is that he makes almost no
effort to establish that basic premise. He simply asserts it and scornfully
dismisses any and all claims that such a link existed.

This is rather disconcerting. It is all the more so because he demonstrably
misrepresents a detailed hypothesis that has been advanced asserting that there
was a substantive link between Iraq and al-Qaeda. Given how confused and
polemical so much of the global debate about the Iraq war has been from the
outset, this is dismaying. One might have hoped that the erstwhile head of
counter-terrorism analysis for the White House would take pains to set things
out as carefully as possible.

Regrettably, he has not. His book is littered with easily avoidable factual
errors. He states in his preface that the book is "flawed" because it is "a
first person account, not an academic history". Yet, given his belief that "too
many of my fellow citizens were being misled", allowing a seriously flawed
account of the case against his most basic premise to go into print is
inexcusable. He did not need to draw on classified information, only to check
sources easily available on the public record and set out his case as clearly as
possible. He did neither.

Clarke believes that al-Qaeda carried out all its terrorist attacks, especially
the 1993 and 2001 attacks on New York's World Trade Centre, without state
sponsorship. Yet he acknowledges that al-Qaeda had close links with a number of
states in the 1990s Sudan, Afghanistan and Iran. It is only Iraq that he denies
had any significant links with al-Qaeda. In the circumstances, he surely needed
to show this, not merely assert it.

The most disconcerting passage in his book is the one in which he dismisses as
an "urban legend" the claim that Saddam Hussein was behind the terrorist Ramzi
Yousef who orchestrated the 1993 attack on the WTC which occurred on the second
anniversary of the end of the first Gulf War. This was the hypothesis of the FBI
team led by Jim Fox which first investigated the matter in 1993-94. They deduced
that it was a "false flag" operation, in which the Muslim fanatics involved were
left stranded in New York to make the attacks seem the work of inspired
amateurs, while the Iraqi operatives escaped under false identities.

Clarke makes no mention of Fox. He states simply that this hypothesis was the
work of Laurie Mylroie, an independent Iraq specialist. He then misrepresents
her as having stated that the "real" Yousef was not in the federal Metropolitan
Detention Centre in Manhattan, but "lounging at the right hand of Saddam Hussein
in Baghdad". In fact, what Mylroie argued was that Yousef was arrested in
Pakistan in February 1995, tried and convicted in 1998 and sentenced to 240
years in a US prison, but that the trial judge, in sentencing him, said, "We
don't even know what your real name

is."

What on earth did the judge mean? To grasp what he meant, why it matters and why
Clarke's misrepresentation of Mylroie borders on the scandalous, it is necessary
to look in a bit of detail at what Mylroie found when she examined the trial
records and the FBI's files and interviewed Fox. Clarke should at least have
acknowledged that Mylroie had done this. His failure to do so and his strange
caricature of the Fox-Mylroie hypothesis led James Woolsey, CIA director in
1993-94, to remark, "For Clarke to say [what he did] is like the 13th chime of
the clock. Not only is it bizarre in and of itself, it calls into question . . .
everything from the same source."

Yousef entered the US on September 1, 1992, on an Iraqi passport. He proceeded
to take over the amateurish group of New York Muslims planning some pipe-bomb
attacks which he turned into a staggering plot to demolish the World Trade
Centre, release clouds of poisoned gas in the process and kill up to 250,000 New
Yorkers. He was known among the New York Muslims in the conspiracy as "Rashid
the Iraqi". However, once the plot was set in train, he went to a Jersey City
police station, claiming that his name was actually Abdul Basit Karim and that
he had lost his Pakistani passport two days earlier.

On December 31, he went to the Pakistani consulate in New York, presented
partial and inconsistent photocopies of the 1984 and 1988 passports of Abdul
Basit and was granted a temporary passport in that name by sceptical Pakistani
consular officials. Fox and Mylroie argued that, whoever Yousef actually is, he
is not Abdul Basit. When Yousef was arrested in Pakistan, in February 1995, he
was carrying a Pakistani identity card giving his name as Ali Muhammed Baluch.
The Pakistani press, as reported in The New York Times, deduced that he was a
Baluch working for Iraqi intelligence.

There was a real Abdul Basit, a resident of Kuwait, of Pakistani origin, who,
with his whole family, disappeared during the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait in late
1990 and Yousef does not match the description of that man. If Yousef was
working for Iraqi intelligence, how would he have obtained doctored copies of
the passports of Abdul Basit? From Iraqi intelligence, which would have obtained
them from the real Abdul Basit in Kuwait in 1990. If he truly was Abdul Basit,
resident of Kuwait, why did he go out of his way to make sure he fled the US
under his "true" identity after setting up the most terrifying of terrorist
plots?

A British police investigation after the 1993 WTC attack concluded that Yousef,
whoever he really was, was not Abdul Basit. If he was not, then the very trail
used by Yousef to conceal his flight from New York leads us back to the Iraqi
occupation of Kuwait in 1990, the disappearance of the real Abdul Basit and his
family at that time, and the possibility that Iraqi intelligence took over his
identity for use as a legend. That, at least, was the argument advanced by
Mylroie.

Gil Childers, counsel for the prosecution in Yousef's 1998 trial for the WTC
bombing, declared upon reading Mylroie's work in 2000 that she had done the
investigative work that the US government should have done, but did not. Woolsey
wrote a foreword to the revised edition of Mylroie's book, issued after the 2001
attacks, describing it as a "brilliant and brave book" with a compelling
argument. Vince Cannistraro, former chief of CIA counter-terrorism operations,
described it as "one of the most brilliant pieces of research and scholarship I
have ever read". Clarke caricatures and dismisses it.

Now consider that when Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, mastermind of the 2001 attacks,
was arrested, also in Pakistan, in early 2002, he was in a city known to be the
centre of Iraqi intelligence operations in Pakistan; that he, also, claims to be
a Kuwaiti of Pakistani origin, but is of uncertain identity; that he worked with
Yousef on various terrorist projects between 1992 and 1995, but does not appear
to have joined forces with al-Qaeda until the late 1990s; and that he claims to
be Yousef's uncle b

y marriage. The question that Mylroie has pointedly asked is: Were these
individuals part of an Iraqi intelligence operation to avenge the defeat of
Saddam in 1991, which formed links with al-Qaeda after the 1991 Gulf War and an
alliance with it not later than 1998?

What I hoped to find in Clarke's book was a serious account of this matter.
There is no such thing. There is, instead, the strange assertion that Mylroie
had denied Yousef was in prison in the US and claimed that he was by Saddam's
side in Baghdad acting as a terrorist mastermind after someone else had been
imprisoned. This is accompanied by equally peculiar claims that Mylroie's
argument has been "investigated for years and found to be totally untrue" and
that it is "totally discredited". Clarke even claims that Yousef arrived in New
York in 1992 without a passport of any kind, when in fact, he arrived on an
Iraqi passport. And for none of his claims does he offer any substantiation
whatsoever. He does not even state by whom the alleged investigations into this
matter were conducted "for years", though he implies that it was by his own
National Security Council staff, who numbered 12. In fact, between 1993 and 1998
FBI investigators who pressed for an inquiry into Iraq's connections with Yousef
were steered away from this line of thought by the Clinton administration. The
CIA was not involved in investigating the matter at all, because it was deemed
an issue of law enforcement, not one of national security. Clarke repeatedly
expresses scorn for the deficiencies of both the FBI and the CIA , so even had
they systematically investigated the Mylroie argument he would have to explain
why he accepted their findings. But there is no such explanation, because he
does not refer to any specific investigation by anyone nor to any specific
findings.

This is all the more remarkable because, in at least two other cases, he
discusses the findings of comparable investigations and exhibits a clear
capacity for explaining the grounds for his judgements. The first is the 1995
Oklahoma bombing. Clarke says that he is intrigued by the possibility that
Yousef and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed trained Terry Nichols, the associate of
Timothy McVeigh, in Cebu in the use of explosives with deadly effect just as
Yousef (or Rashid the Iraqi) had earlier trained the rag-tag Muslims in New York
in the tactics for a really large-scale terrorist attack. It intrigued him,
Clarke writes, "because I could never disprove it".

The second case is the TWA 800 tragedy of July 17, 1996, when a 747 exploded
after taking off from New York. In this case he takes some pains to explain
several hypotheses about what caused the explosion and why the FBI forensic
investigation ultimately concluded that it was an accident. There had been
conspiracy theories around and he comments, "Conspiracy theories are a constant
in counter-terrorism . . . Dismissing conspiracy theories out of hand, however,
is dangerous."

That Clarke renders an altogether inadequate account of the Fox-Mylroie
hypothesis does not, of course, mean that it is correct. That neither Yousef nor
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has confessed to being an Iraqi agent despite being in US
custody for a considerable period admissions that the Bush administration has
considerable incentive to extract suggests that something is wrong with the
theory that they acted onbehalf of Saddam. But it would help to know exactly
what. And Clarke is no help at all.

Thus the problem is not that Clarke is demonstrably wrong, but that, like so
many participants in this debate (and in many others), he passes over objections
to his preferred belief with indecent haste and intellectual incoherence.
Paradoxically, his determination to dismiss Mylroie leaves her hypothesis
unscathed.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Clarke dismisses as an `urban legend' the claim that Saddam
Hussein was behind the terrorist Ramzi Yousef. Photograph: REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 30, 2013 Thursday

School: Burges athlete with signing ceremony had scholarship for grades, not
baseball

BYLINE: Mark Rudi, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1231 words


May 30--What was touted as a National Letter of Intent signing ceremony by
Burges High School officials and an athlete's family is turning out to be a
major embarrassment.

Burges coaches informed the El Paso Times Sports Department a few weeks ago that
catcher Brandon Jacques would be signing with the University of Houston to play
baseball.

Friends and family, along with area media outlets, showed up May 23 at the
Burges gym for the signing ceremony. Wearing a red polo shirt and baseball hat
with the Houston logo, Jacques sat behind a table in front of a large banner
with a large baseball in the middle and the logo to the right.

Jacques was joined at the ceremony by two other student-athletes. They were all
introduced and were to sign their National Letters of Intent one after the
other. The other two, it was verified, did sign their letters to compete in
wrestling at New Mexico Highlands.

For Jacques, that was not the case.

Two days after the ceremony, Houston baseball assistant coach and recruiting
coordinator Trip Couch informed the Times that Jacques did not sign a National
Letter of Intent to play for the Cougars, nor has he seen Jacques play.

Couch added he had never heard of Jacques until Jacques' father, Michael
Jacques, called May 22 asking about walk-on tryouts.

"His dad told our director of academics here that they're having a big signing,
they're doing publicity, it was going to be a big event that was going to be

publicized that he was going to be signing a National Letter of Intent," Couch
said. "(Associate Athletic Director for Student-Athlete Development Maria Peden)
said, 'You can't do that. He's not signing a National Letter of Intent for
anything to come to the University of Houston and play baseball.'

"He's not signing a National Letter of Intent, he's not playing baseball here,
he's not on any type of scholarship here," Couch added. "The dad knew exactly
what he was doing because he was told beforehand, no one here ever heard of you,
knows you, you're not coming here to play baseball. We can pull his admissions
file, he's not on any type of University of Houston scholarship."

Jacques has not been offered a walk-on spot for the Cougars. Couch said he
immediately called Jacques' father when he realized there was a problem. He said
that Brandon Jacques would need to go to the baseball office on the first day of
school, fill out some forms and, with approval, will then be able to take part
in a one-day tryout -- on a date that would be announced at that time.

Despite that, Brandon Jacques said Wednesday, "It was basically academics that
got me there and I had a preferred walk-on to play at the University of
Houston."

When confronted about Couch's comments, Michael Jacques and Burges head baseball
coach Robert Barrueta admitted that Brandon received only an academic
scholarship.

At no point during the actual ceremony did officials, coaches or family say it
was only an academic scholarship and not an athletic signing as it was touted.
Academic acceptance letters do not require a student signature.

Michael Jacques said he told Burges wrestling coach Jeff Himelspach, who set up
the ceremony, about the academic scholarship.

"I said, 'Look, he is just signing an academic scholarship,' " Michael Jacques
said. " 'That's all it is. He's going to be walking on and that's it.' "

Couch, however, said that walk-on recruits are recruited just like scholarship
players and they've been seen "100 times by Houston coaches."

Himelspach confirmed that he set up the ceremony with the two wrestlers and
Jacques and informed the Times about it on May 16.

"Next Thursday, May 23, at 4 p.m. Burges (High School) has three athletes
signing letters of intent," Himelspach said in a text message. "Juan Silas and
Evan Perez wrestling (NM) Highlands. And Brandon Jacques baseball University of
Houston. We'll send an email, wanted you to be sure you were aware of it."

When asked about the false information concerning one of his players, Barrueta
said he never told anyone that Jacques was receiving an athletic scholarship and
said he had nothing to do with organizing the ceremony.

Barrueta later wrote an email to the Times on Tuesday saying, "When the article
about Brandon Jacques was placed in the newspaper, there was a misunderstanding
from the Houston Baseball staff. The staff at Houston were upset because it was
said that Brandon Jacques was signing a letter of intent to play baseball under
a scholarship for Houston when actually it was for an academic scholarship to
Houston. I want to let you, and all associated with this signing, know that at
no time did I mention to any media, parents, friends, or staff at Burges High
School that the scholarship was for Baseball. I was asked to attend the signing
as Brandon's baseball coach and I did. I did not set up the signing and I was
under the assumption that all media knew that the signing was for acceptance of
the academic scholarship and not a signing of a letter of intent to play
baseball."

However, the Times sent an email to Barrueta on May 16 asking for confirmation
on Jacques signing his letter.

"Also, I understand Brandon will be signing next Thursday at 4 p.m at Burges?"
the El Paso Times' email asked.

Barrueta responded, "Yes Brandon will be going to the University of Houston."

When asked what Jacques actually signed at the ceremony, Barrueta said, "He
signed just a letter of, I guess, acceptance. Maybe?"

Himelspach said the ceremony was set up to be a fun occasion, something to
promote the school's athletes.

"I didn't mean to jump out of line and imply anything, but these guys were
basically (making) their intent to participate for the wrestlers and Brandon
there," Himelspach said. "I guess the intent was for Burges to promote our own
kids. And we invited the media. I apologize if there was a misunderstanding."

When asked why it was touted as a signing ceremony, Himelspach said he didn't
have answers.

"We didn't mean to go overboard and misrepresent ourselves there," Himelspach
said. "We didn't mean to get this out of hand, I guess. We were just trying to
promote the athletes that were going to participate (in college sports) and have
a good reason to have cake and punch, I guess.

"I certainly didn't want to misrepresent us. The mistake was ours at Burges and
not the kid if there was a misrepresentation there."

Michael Jacques added, "I don't know how we're going to rectify this, if the
coach is going to do anything about this or hold anything against Brandon."

When asked how much this would hurt Jacques' chances of walking on to the
Houston baseball team, Couch responded, "He better be the second coming of
Johnny Bench."

"I've had to tell this story over and over again," Couch added. "The guy doesn't
have very much of a chance to come to a walk-on tryout because I'm so (mad)
about this."

Phone calls seeking comment from Burges Principal Randall Woods and El Paso
Independent School District Athletic Director Kenneth Owen on Wednesday were not
returned.

Allison McClain, an official with the University of Houston Communications
Office, said officials are looking into the incident for any concerns over NCAA
rules.

Mark Rudi may be reached at mrudi@elpasotimes.com; 546-6168. Follow him on
Twitter @mrudi19

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130530-EY-HLT-School-Burges-athlete-with-signing-ceremony-had-scholarship-for-
grades-not-baseball-0530-20130530

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              260 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             May 30, 2013 Thursday

School: Burges athlete with signing ceremony had scholarship for grades, not
baseball

BYLINE: By Mark Rudi \ El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1203 words


What was touted as a National Letter of Intent signing ceremony by Burges High
School officials and an athlete's family is turning out to be a major
embarrassment.

Burges coaches informed the El Paso Times Sports Department a few weeks ago that
catcher Brandon Jacques would be signing with the University of Houston to play
baseball.

Friends and family, along with area media outlets, showed up May 23 at the
Burges gym for the signing ceremony. Wearing a red polo shirt and baseball hat
with the Houston logo, Jacques sat behind a table in front of a large banner
with a large baseball in the middle and the logo to the right.

Jacques was joined at the ceremony by two other student-athletes. They were all
introduced and were to sign their National Letters of Intent one after the
other. The other two, it was verified, did sign their letters to compete in
wrestling at New Mexico Highlands.

For Jacques, that was not the case.

Two days after the ceremony, Houston baseball assistant coach and recruiting
coordinator Trip Couch informed the Times that Jacques did not sign a National
Letter of Intent to play for the Cougars, nor has he seen Jacques play.

Couch added he had never heard of Jacques until Jacques' father, Michael
Jacques, called May 22 asking about walk-on tryouts.

"His dad told our director of academics here that they're having a big signing,
they're doing publicity, it was going to be a big event that was going to be
publicized that he was going to be signing a National Letter of Intent," Couch
said. "(Associate Athletic Director for Student-Athlete Development Maria Peden)
said, 'You can't do that. He's not signing a National Letter of Intent for
anything to come to the University of Houston and play baseball.'

"He's not signing a National Letter of Intent, he's not playing baseball here,
he's not on any type of scholarship here," Couch added. "The dad knew exactly
what he was doing because he was told beforehand, no one here ever heard of you,
knows you, you're not coming here to play baseball. We can pull his admissions
file, he's not on any type of University of Houston scholarship."

Jacques has not been offered a walk-on spot for the Cougars. Couch said he
immediately called Jacques' father when he realized there was a problem. He said
that Brandon Jacques would need to go to the baseball office on the first day of
school, fill out some forms and, with approval, will then be able to take part
in a one-day tryout - on a date that would be announced at that time.

Despite that, Brandon Jacques said Wednesday, "It was basically academics that
got me there and I had a preferred walk-on to play at the University of
Houston."

When confronted about Couch's comments, Michael Jacques and Burges head baseball
coach Robert Barrueta admitted that Brandon received only an academic
scholarship.

At no point during the actual ceremony did officials, coaches or family say it
was only an academic scholarship and not an athletic signing as it was touted.
Academic acceptance letters do not require a student signature.

Michael Jacques said he told Burges wrestling coach Jeff Himelspach, who set up
the ceremony, about the academic scholarship.

"I said, 'Look, he is just signing an academic scholarship,' " Michael Jacques
said. " 'That's all it is. He's going to be walking on and that's it.' "

Couch, however, said that walk-on recruits are recruited just like scholarship
players and they've been seen "100 times by Houston coaches."

Himelspach confirmed that he set up the ceremony with the two wrestlers and
Jacques and informed the Times about it on May 16.

"Next Thursday, May 23, at 4 p.m. Burges (High School) has three athletes
signing letters of intent," Himelspach said in a text message. "Juan Silas and
Evan Perez wrestling (NM) Highlands. And Brandon Jacques baseball University of
Houston. We'll send an email, wanted you to be sure you were aware of it."

When asked about the false information concerning one of his players, Barrueta
said he never told anyone that Jacques was receiving an athletic scholarship and
said he had nothing to do with organizing the ceremony.

Barrueta later wrote an email to the Times on Tuesday saying, "When the article
about Brandon Jacques was placed in the newspaper, there was a misunderstanding
from the Houston Baseball staff. The staff at Houston were upset because it was
said that Brandon Jacques was signing a letter of intent to play baseball under
a scholarship for Houston when actually it was for an academic scholarship to
Houston. I want to let you, and all associated with this signing, know that at
no time did I mention to any media, parents, friends, or staff at Burges High
School that the scholarship was for Baseball. I was asked to attend the signing
as Brandon's baseball coach and I did. I did not set up the signing and I was
under the assumption that all media knew that the signing was for acceptance of
the academic scholarship and not a signing of a letter of intent to play
baseball."

However, the Times sent an email to Barrueta on May 16 asking for confirmation
on Jacques signing his letter.

"Also, I understand Brandon will be signing next Thursday at 4 p.m at Burges?"
the El Paso Times' email asked.

Barrueta responded, "Yes Brandon will be going to the University of Houston."

When asked what Jacques actually signed at the ceremony, Barrueta said, "He
signed just a letter of, I guess, acceptance. Maybe?"

Himelspach said the ceremony was set up to be a fun occasion, something to
promote the school's athletes.

"I didn't mean to jump out of line and imply anything, but these guys were
basically (making) their intent to participate for the wrestlers and Brandon
there," Himelspach said. "I guess the intent was for Burges to promote our own
kids. And we invited the media. I apologize if there was a misunderstanding."

When asked why it was touted as a signing ceremony, Himelspach said he didn't
have answers.

"We didn't mean to go overboard and misrepresent ourselves there," Himelspach
said. "We didn't mean to get this out of hand, I guess. We were just trying to
promote the athletes that were going to participate (in college sports) and have
a good reason to have cake and punch, I guess.

"I certainly didn't want to misrepresent us. The mistake was ours at Burges and
not the kid if there was a misrepresentation there."

Michael Jacques added, "I don't know how we're going to rectify this, if the
coach is going to do anything about this or hold anything against Brandon."When
asked how much this would hurt Jacques' chances of walking on to the Houston
baseball team, Couch responded, "He better be the second coming of Johnny
Bench."

"I've had to tell this story over and over again," Couch added. "The guy doesn't
have very much of a chance to come to a walk-on tryout because I'm so (mad)
about this."

Phone calls seeking comment from Burges Principal Randall Woods and El Paso
Independent School District Athletic Director Kenneth Owen on Wednesday were not
returned.

Allison McClain, an official with the University of Houston Communications
Office, said officials are looking into the incident for any NCAA concerns.

Mark Rudi may be reached at mrudi@elpasotimes.com; 546-6168. Follow him on
Twitter @mrudi19

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

CU-Boulder's sexual misconduct investigations rely on lighter burden of proof

BYLINE: Sarah Kuta, Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 948 words


Unlike criminal proceedings, during which prosecutors must prove their  cases
beyond a reasonable doubt, the office that investigates sexual misconduct
involving University of Colorado employees uses a much  lower burden of proof.


CU's Office of Discrimination and Harassment uses a "preponderance of the
evidence" standard, which was recommended by the U.S. Department of Education in
2011.

 Katherine Erwin, the office's director, admits she grapples with what she calls
this "more-likely-than-not standard."



 "I struggle with it," Erwin said. "Because it means that in our formal
investigations we have to reach a conclusion. We don't have the luxury of saying
we can't decide, and that's a lot to own. That's why it's so critical that every
investigation is investigated as thoroughly as we possibly can and why we vet as
a team our cases together to make sure that we haven't left some rock unturned.

 "Because at the end of the day, it's a very low standard and (the outcome of an
investigation) has a huge impact on peoples' lives."

 In the  investigation at the heart of CU's attempts to fire philosophy
professor David Barnett,  the Office of Discrimination and Harassment found a
male graduate teaching assistant  responsible for the sexual assault of a female
graduate student  --  even though investigators never interviewed the accused
man.

 That accused student, whom the Daily Camera is not naming because he was not
arrested in connection with the case,  declined to speak with investigators on
advice from a criminal defense attorney.

 CU officials allege Barnett, an informal mentor to the accused man, retaliated
against the female graduate student while looking into the Office of
Discrimination and Harassment's investigation of her sexual assault.

 Both Barnett and the accused graduate student deny any wrongdoing.

 'Neutral, fact-finding role'

 CU's Office of Discrimination and Harassment takes cases involving university
employees, while the Office of Student Conduct investigates incidents involving
students.

 Federal civil rights laws require colleges and universities to investigate
sexual misconduct complaints, among other things.

 Under the Office of Discrimination and Harassment, trained investigators,
mostly lawyers, look into complaints first to determine whether formal
investigations are needed. Most cases are resolved informally, Erwin said.

 Investigators gather information during the formal process, and then make a
finding -- violation of policy, no violation but the behavior was
unprofessional, or no violation of policy.

 After the finding is approved by a three-person panel, it's sent to the
complainant, respondent and campus leadership.

 The Office of Discrimination and Harassment is not involved in sanctioning.

 "Our role is the neutral, fact-finding role," Erwin said. "In reality,
everybody in this offices lives by that principle very, very deeply."

 In an interview with the Camera,  the man accused in the sexual assault said he
declined to speak to the Office of Discrimination and Harassment's investigators
on advice of a criminal defense lawyer, and instead asked them to contact him
with questions. He said they never did.

 Campus officials said they cannot speak about specific cases because of
confidentiality around sexual harassment proceedings.

 Asked how the university could produce a finding without speaking to the
accused party, Erwin said investigators make every effort to "get to the truth."


 "It's why we try to do everything we can to turn over every rock out there,
even when we can't hear it directly from the respondent," she said. "Obviously
we're missing that information, which would be very, very valuable for us to
have."

 CU: Probe  'did not misrepresent or manipulate'

 The Office of Discrimination and Harassment concluded in late January 2013 that
the man, who had finished his doctorate degree and became a CU instructor,
violated the university's sexual harassment policy.

 Steven Leigh, dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, made the man ineligible
for work at CU in March 2013, according to an email from Leigh to the accused
man.

 There is no appeals process when the Office of Discrimination and Harassment
issues a finding after a formal investigation. Erwin said a respondent could
send a letter to campus leaders if he or she disagreed with a finding.

 Barnett, the professor now facing termination, and the male graduate student
wrote letters to Chancellor Phil DiStefano and President Bruce Benson claiming
that the Office of Discrimination and Harassment's investigation was flawed.

 In response, the university hired Denver-based attorney David Fine to
investigate the claims, according to a December  2013 email to the accused man
from DiStefano.

 The accused man said Fine never asked for an interview. Barnett said Fine
interviewed him only about the retaliation charges against him.

 Despite Fine's conclusion that Office of Discrimination and Harassment acted
appropriately, Barnett and the accused man told the Daily Camera they still
believe that investigators intentionally skewed the sexual assault
investigation.

 "After completing this review, Mr. Fine concluded that the ODH investigators
did not misrepresent or manipulate the testimony of any witness or suppress any
evidence during the investigation or that the investigation was in any way
biased against you," DiStefano wrote to the accused man. "Mr. Fine further
concluded that the ODH investigation was conducted in accordance with University
of Colorado policies and procedures as well as the requirements of due process."


 Contact Camera Staff Writer Sarah Kuta at 303-473-1106, kutas@dailycamera.com
or twitter.com/sarahkuta.

David Barnett

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Barnett

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            November 12, 2001 Monday

Lee's dissenting vote wrong

SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 709 words


ON Sept. 14, Congresswoman Barbara Lee failed to meet the most important test
she has faced since being elected when she voted against the resolution
authorizing force against terrorists.

Unfortunately, she not only failed to meet the challenge at hand -- uniting the
nation behind its leaders to face a grave national security threat -- but she
acted even more egregiously by misleading both the media and her constituents.
Inspired by her reckless rebellion, the Berkeley City Council now faces a
national boycott while New Yorkers ask me why those of us here don't care about
their plight.

And as time passes, Lee's excuses for her vote against the authorization of
force against those who attacked America are increasingly ringing hollow.

When both houses of Congress passed this joint resolution, many of us thought it
took real courage for Lee to stand up against what was described as "a blank
check war." The only problem is that it was no such thing.

Lee herself not only characterized the resolution as a "blank check," but also
"unconstitutional," and in violation of the War Powers Resolution.

Initially, I left a message for Lee acknowledging the courage it must have took
to stand alone. But soon it became apparent to me why no other member of
Congress had voted as she had. Many people here had seen her floor speech on TV,
were outraged, and demanded that I read the actual resolution.

So I did. When she returned my call, I urged Lee to explain herself and why she
had acted as she had. I told her that her constituents -- including myself --
had questions and that she needed to come and face the people of the 9th
Congressional District.

As a member and board member of many local Democratic organizations, I offered
Lee a friendly environment to explain what had happened and have an open
dialogue with her district. She has yet to come and answer the questions of her
constituents.

Lee, it seems, was counting on the fact that very few people in our area would
ever actually read the resolution. With that in mind, she launched a
misinformation campaign on what our nation's leaders were planning to do to
ensure our national security.

She lamented that the president had a blank check to use military force against
any country without regard to our nation's foreign policy, economic and national
security interests. Not true. The resolution explicitly states that it applies
only to "those nations, organizations, or persons" who were responsible [or who
harbored those who were responsible] and had "planned, authorized, committed, or
aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001." Lee can claim
the resolution is anything she wishes but the words speak for themselves.

Lee says that she also voted no because this resolution upended the War Powers
Act. That's patently false. Again, the resolution specifically references the
War Powers Resolution -- not once but twice, stating, "Nothing in this
resolution supersedes any requirement of the War Powers Resolution."

And there have been other misrepresentations advanced by Lee. She has compared
this matter to the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution of 1964. There is no resemblance
whatsoever. The Tonkin Resolution involved trumped up charges of an attack on a
U.S. Naval vessel that didn't happen the way our government told us it did. The
attacks of Sept. 11, however, happened on live television, which we all
witnessed with our own eyes.

Ifervently believe that when your country is attacked you must defend it. And
should I earn the voters' trust and be elected to the 9th Congressional
District, they will never have to fear that I will not uphold the congressional
oath to defend us from "all enemies foreign and domestic."

Equally important, they can rest assured that I will not misrepresent the truth
about events of this magnitude. The people of the 9th Congressional District
deserve honest, progressive leadership and our nation deserves leaders who rally
their constituents in times of crisis. Not create boycotts, misrepresent
congressional resolutions and instill confusion.

Audie Bock served as a member of the California Assembly from 1999-2000 and is
now challenging Lee for the 9th Congressional District seat.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2001 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              263 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 1, 2004 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 3138 words


TRAIL BIKE RULE OVERZEALOUS

The week of July 14, the Panhandle Trail Riders Association hosted the ITMA
State Ride in the Coeur d'Alene National Forest. PANTRA coordinated with the
Forest Service for months to make sure all of the requirements were met to their
satisfaction.

On July 16, a hitch to all of our planning occurred. Two Forest Service law
enforcement officers appeared at the ITMA "Welcome Center" and informed those
present that they would be enforcing a regulation requiring all trail bike
riders, including small children, to carry a shovel and bucket (helmet) while
riding on trails for the purpose of fighting a small forest fire. The regulation
does not define what a small forest fire is or how to fight it. During our
coordination efforts, enforcement of this special order was never stressed.
Motorcycles equipped with spark arrestors don't start forest fires.

Wildland firefighters must pass strenuous physical fitness tests, have extensive
training and be outfitted with the proper protective clothing. Requiring my
7-year-old son and 5-year-old daughter to carry shovels while trail riding to
fight a forest fire is ridiculous. The Forest Service needs to reconsider this
regulation before an untrained citizen or child is seriously injured or killed.

Dave Griffiths

Post Falls

NEW MEDICARE APPROACH OFFERED

Kudos and thanks to the editorial board for a great editorial on our nation's
healthcare mess ("Health care needs national strategy," July 25). The authors of
this timely composition conclude with this line: "We need a coordinated national
strategy, and the longer we wait, the more it will cost." So true and so
disturbing to us and to our children.

There is a viable solution to our healthcare problem. Last year, an
international contest was held to find the best plan to solve our national
disgrace. Motivated by both the challenge and the cash prize, 109 proposals were
submitted by university medical schools, businesses, professional teams and by a
few individuals. Judges were selected from all parts of the country, and
eventually, two winners were picked. One winner is from Spokane.

The Spokane proposal, "Medicare for All," merits nationwide study and
implementation. It calls for the expansion of Medicare to all U.S. residents (80
percent coverage) and leaves the balance to individual choice (savings or HMO).
This eliminates state Medicaid dollars and employers' insurance offerings. All
would be in one public risk pool paid by a new health care tax, much cheaper
than current rates.

Frank T. Yuse

Spokane

HEALTH-CARE SYSTEM AILING

As we are told day in and day out, we are living in the most wealthy, powerful
country on earth, but sadly,  the only Western nation that has no universal
health care system. I pray the young man gets the help he needs for his cancer
("A family drained," July 25). In England, where I grew up, the schools I
attended had an inscription above the entrance. It stated, "If life was a thing
that money could buy, the rich would live and the poor would die." I did not
understand what it meant until I came to this country.

Anita Stallinga

Spokane

DON'T CLAIM MONOPOLY ON TRUTH

Never have I heard assertions as ignorant and unfounded as those Adam Tait made
in his recent letter ("Truth unimportant to liberals," July 22). Claiming that
liberals as a group care nothing about the truth? I guess we would have to
include such figures as Woodrow Wilson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt in this
generalization as well; after all, they were liberals.

If Adam believes that people are blindly running around calling for a change in
the presidential leadership of this country ("Bush haters" as he eloquently
calls them) then think again, Adam. There are reasons behind why millions of
people disagree with President Bush's leadership. To name a few: His execution
of and reasons for taking this country's soldiers to war, his ridiculously
careless spending that has wiped out the surplus this country enjoyed for a
brief period of time and his failed attempts to influence the laws of our
country based on religious beliefs. I guess he forgot about the separation of
church and state idea. Yes, some liberals probably do "hate" Mr. Bush, but
claiming that liberals as a whole do not care about the truth is nonsense, and
Adam misrepresents his side of the fence when making such blind assertions.

Greg Vanderford

Sagle, Idaho

EDWARDS DOES OK WITH TAX BREAKS

John Edwards likes to claim that tax cuts for the rich are unconscionable.
Really? Then I'm sure he will have no problem remitting the Medicare taxes he
has so deftly avoided paying. By incorporating his law practice with himself as
the sole shareholder, John Edwards was able to claim significant withdrawals
from his corporation as dividends rather than wages. In so doing, he was able to
avoid paying Medicare taxes to the tune of $500,000! John Edwards says he wants
to close tax loopholes but apparently has no trouble using them to his own
advantage. In the infamous words of Leona Helmsley, "taxes are for the little
people," not for those the likes of John Edwards.

Shelley Sieverkropp

Wilbur, Wash.

FUEL EFFICIENCY MEANS CLEANER AIR

Re: Bill Dehler's letter "Kerry steers into a flip-flop," July 23.

Many Americans or their families own cars, trucks, or SUVs that they wish would
get better gas mileage. John Kerry has consistently supported a balanced energy
policy, including improving corporate average fuel economy (CAFE) standards for
all cars in the United States. Under current standards, light trucks and SUVs
are only required to get 21 miles per gallon and passenger cars 27. This is
abysmal considering we have the technology to raise the standards to 40 plus
miles per gallon.

John Kerry has supported increasing CAFE standards for years, but this has been
resisted by Republicans in Congress who are beholden to special interests in the
automotive industry. Increasing gas mileage will benefit people as well as the
environment - more miles to the gallon is less money out of your pocket each
week at the gas station. Just look at the sales of hybrid cars; it is clear that
more and more Americans are concerned about the state of the environment and
care about better gas mileage. I am pleased that John Kerry supports increased
CAF&Eacute; standards, and that is just one reason that he has my vote in
November.

Nancy Yenney

Spokane

VOTE FLAWS HURT BEYOND FLORIDA

I listened to a recent Senate meeting, and I heard a black woman say that Mr.
Bush stole the election. She was referring to the black people who were turned
away from some of the voting stations and were not allowed to vote even though
they were eligible to do so. This happened in Florida. I think most people know
about it, and she had every right to complain. It not only affected them, but us
also.

Where is this freedom that Mr. Bush is talking about? Voting is one of the most
important parts of freedom we are supposed to have.

Ernestine Becker

Clarkston

GOP HAS DARK PARALLELS

As I went off to college (WSU) in 1958, my parents gave me a copy of Webster's
New World Dictionary of the American Language, copyright 1958. Fascism is
defined as a system of government characterized by a rigid, one-party
dictatorship, forcible suppression of the opposition (unions, especially leftist
parties, minority groups, etc.), the retention of private ownership of the means
of production under centralized government control, belligerent nationalism and
racism, glorification of war, etc. See also Nazism.

I've voted for several Republicans in local elections and will continue to
support their candidacy, but the national Republican Party and their neo-fascist
allies (Limbaugh, Hannity, etc.) have made me re-examine many old self-evident
truths.

Terry F. Steiner

Sandpoint

PATRIOT ACT ERODES LIBERTY

The Republican-controlled federal government is stripping us of the liberty we
enjoy as Americans. You could be on a federal watch list for the Internet sites
you visit or emails you send/receive. What about that "suspicious" library book
you recently checked out? The un-Patriot Act allows the feds to pry into your
private life without due process of a search warrant. The federal government can
abuse the power granted under the Patriot Act by exposing your private affairs
to others. You could be denied a loan, job or passport because you are on
someone's list. The abuse we experience with credit reports supports this
premise. Surprise! Your credit is denied.

The Republicans used 9-11 to implement their agenda for social control of
America. They use complex wedge issues like abortion, same-sex marriage and
terrorism to divide us. You are either with them or against them, with no gray
area in between. Voting Democratic is like voting against children, marriage or
being a traitor. In reality, voting for neo-con Republicans is like selling your
freedom and liberty to a Big Brother (1984) federal government. By the way,
Nethercutt recently voted for continuing the un-Patriot Act, so vote for Murray.

Pete Scobby

Newport

KERRY ALTERNATIVE UNCONVINCING

People who criticize President Bush and hope for his defeat should beware. We
may get what we want. However, if Kerry becomes president, are we going to want
what we get? The platform of the Democratic Party does not clearly reject the
abominable Bush doctrine of waging pre-emptive war to overthrow foreign
governments. The platform offers no timeline for the withdrawal of American
troops from Iraq, too many there now too long, except "when appropriate." The
Patriot Act, the greatest threat to our liberty, draws no more criticism from
the Democrats than it does from the Idaho Republican Party.

Those are the works of George W. Bush, and Kerry seems not to be opposed. Kerry
offers us platitudes and clichés, hoping like Bush to manipulate our emotions
instead of appealing to reason. Both speak vaguely and ambiguously, glossing
over specific plans they may have, if they have any at all. Both sound like
pitchmen in vacuum cleaner commercials.

Voters deserve better than this. Kerry is the Democrats' placeholder for
"anybody-but-Bush." He's timid, safe, likable and electable. But if he wins and
does not reject Bush's imperialism, we will be replacing one disaster with
another.

Lee Freese

Pullman

ATTACKS ON KERRY IGNORE FACTS

The main tactic of the right seems to be to misrepresent the opponent's
position. For example, Bush misrepresents something Kerry said or did and then
accuses him of flip-flopping. Like claiming Kerry doesn't support the troops
because he voted for and against the $87 billion supplemental appropriation for
Iraq. The truth is Kerry voted for a version of the $87 billion that was paid
for, and voted against the version that just added the tab to the deficit, since
Bush is afraid to ask Americans to sacrifice here at home, and he insists on
continuing the tax cut windfall to the conservative elites. Not support the
troops? Bush sent too few troops. Bush sent 40,000 to Iraq without body armor.

In that same vein, attack Patty Murray for praising Osama bin Laden.

She did not praise and sympathize with bin Laden! She simply stated a fact that
bin Laden has been able to convince some of the downtrodden that he is on their
side and that the United States supports the regimes that oppress them. Fact:
After Saddam gassed the Kurds, the United States increased its aid to him.

John McCain defended Kerry's patriotism. Nethercutt should defend Murray's
honest analysis.

Steve Gigliotti

Davenport, Wash.

YOU'LL WAIT A LONG TIME FOR REFORMS

One of Sen. Kerry's campaign ads touts the fact that he intends to cut out
corporate tax loopholes enjoyed by corporations! In the Spokesman-Review on July
26, an article states that part of the Democratic Convention costs are being
defrayed by a $40 million contribution by corporations ("Political conventions
costing millions.")

Who's kidding who? Do you think for a minute that Kerry is going to cut out the
loopholes for tax exemptions? Not in our lifetime! He is not going give up the
millions corporations contribute to the Democratic Party, much less cutting out
loopholes for the likes of the Heinz Corporation.

There is no way that he will do that. It's just another lie coming from the
mouth of a flip-flop candidate. Sorry, folks, wake up and read the writing on
the wall!

Ed King

Spokane

GOVERNMENT FOR THE WEALTHY

We have trouble, my friends, and it's not just here in River City! Our problems-
health care, tax inequality, education, wasteful spending and others- are not
likely to be resolved soon. "And why is that?" you ask. Because the problems of
the masses are not the problems of the wealthy, and the government is controlled
by the wealthy. Their problems are not our problems. Congress is made up of
millionaires, many who are former lawyers. You have to be wealthy to even run
for Congress. Then when you are elected, you are directed by your party as to
what can be done and what is untouchable. I know this from an intimate
conversation with a former member of our Congress. Wealthy lobbyists patrol the
halls of Congress. They are very influential in all decisions. What we need is a
very wealthy man who has the interests of the country at heart and can stand the
pressure of having many of his colleagues against him. Where is Ross Perot when
we need him?

Bill Witthuhn

Coeur d'Alene

MCMORRIS'S BACKING SUSPICIOUS

Why do the liberals in Seattle and the national Democrats want Cathy McMorris to
be the Republican nominee in the 5th District race for Congress? Could it be
because they know she would be the easiest opponent for Don Barbieri to beat?

Let's take a look at the facts: McMorris has received over 50 percent of her
money from donors in the Seattle area, according to her FEC report, and twice as
much money from Seattle as from Spokane. Maybe those folks are giving to her
because she has the worst Washington Conservative Union rating of any of the
candidates. These are also, in fact, the same people that want to tear down our
dams. Why doesn't she have much support here in Eastern Washington?

And McMorris has been endorsed by and received money from WUFPAC, a group of
left-wing Democrat women in Washington, D.C., who have raised money for, among
others, Hillary Clinton.

While we think about whom we are going to have represent us in Congress next
year, let's take a very close look at the candidates to find out who they really
are.

Karen M. Kearney

Spokane

CHARITY IS ONE'S OWN AFFAIR

I resent your contributor (Robert Stokes, "Arrogance of 'sprawl' police is
unbounded," July 24) making derisive comments about a class of people described
as those who live in "pastel McMansions that are sprouting on hilltops all over
Eastern Washington and North Idaho."

He goes on to say "How much better it would be if the rich, the new rich and the
wannabe rich displayed their wealth by donating to worthy causes."

As a veteran and retiree, I was finally able to build my dream home on a
hilltop. My 20 acres are used primarily for wildlife habitat. I have worked hard
all my life, and this is my worthy cause, thank you. My charities aren't his
business.

Stokes contrasts my reprehensible McMansion behavior with his own sterling
example: "The closest thing I have to a status symbol is an old Datsun Z-Car."
So its OK for him to spend his money and time on restoring a Datsun, but its not
OK for me to spend my money and my time on the home I first dreamed of at age 15
and finally realized in my 70s? Where did he get this authority? What unbounded
arrogance!

Norman Samish

Spokane

NON-BELIEVERS APPRECIATE NOTICE

For the Good Paper's July 25 focus on Paul Kurtz, a thank you from Spokane's
secular humanism community. John Nugent, now CEO for Planned Parenthood,
Maryland, opines that Kurtz is the leading living secular humanist on the
planet. John will address our Oct. 9 annual Humanist banquet at the Ridpath.

I hope your decision to publish the story, with Paul's picture, reflects an
awareness on the part of your editors that the views of non-believers deserve
occasional attention. After all, we are 14 percent of the U.S. population.

Ron Reagan Jr. tells the New York Times he has no plans to run for office
because, "as an atheist, I am simply ineligible." Planners of the Democratic
Convention invited young Reagan to discuss stem cell research. Democrats took
the risk in putting an atheist on their speaker's lineup. The Spokesman-Review
runs a piece on Paul Kurtz in its Sunday edition. Commendation to both!

Ross Woodward

Spokane

"7" COUNTER TO THEIR VALUES

We feel the "7" publication is not an asset to The Spokesman-Review. The
emphasis tends to be on the unwholesome type of living instead of what we would
like to see portrayed in our hometown.

Mr. and Mrs. D.V. Smith

Spokane

FIREFIGHTING HAZARDS REAL

I beg your pardon, Mr. Tyson ("Firefighters are not heroes," July 21). You need
to get some facts straight. Firefighting is a very hazardous occupation.
Firefighters are exposed to extremely high temperatures, toxic gases and
chemicals, exploding ammunition, backdrafts and flashovers. Personal preparation
is required, including physical conditioning, studying and passing tests, both
mental and physical, learning fire behavior and firefighting tactics, and
operating and maintaining hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of equipment.
Not heroes? Tell that to the hundreds of survivors of the 9-11 firefighters who
died trying to help others. You bet we don gear costing thousands of dollars. We
need all the personal protective equipment available.

Many occupations offer retirement after 20 years of service. Until you have
walked in our shoes, I suggest you confine your criticism to your areas of
expertise.

Richard W. Skinner, Asst. Fire Chief

Coolin Cavanaugh Bay Fire Protection District, Idaho

CARTOON ENCOURAGED HATRED

The positioning of items in the editorial section of the July 17
Spokesman-Review tells an ironic story. The political cartoon reinforced a
sharply negative image of conservative Christians who believe in the sanctity of
marriage. By running the cartoon, The Spokesman-Review helped fuel a growing
anger and hostility toward a specific group of people in our country who speak
out on issues important to them. Adjacent to the cartoon was the headline to
your own editorial, "Our View," which read, "Fight against hate an ongoing
battle." You were right to use your editorial to denounce the racists of the
Aryan Nations, yet did you not see your own internal hypocrisy? Can you justify
the fueling of hatred toward one group while bemoaning the actions of others who
are acting out their own form of bigotry? Keep fighting for equality and
justice, but please tend to your own internal prejudices before taking moral
stands on such important issues.

Scott Rodin

Colbert, Wash.

TYPE: Letters

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              264 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 1, 2002, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Hip-hop tie to sniper misrepresents culture

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 520 words

USA TODAY commentary writer Mark Goldblatt's verbal assault on the Five Percent
Nation of Gods and Earths disturbed me. What is even more disturbing is that
some at your fine newspaper found it fit to print ("Hip-hop's grim undertones,"
The Forum, Tuesday).

I would like to make an attempt to straighten out a misconception before some
Aryan Nationalist or a "Billy-Bob" with a shotgun decides to retaliate against
all blacks, or all fans of hip-hop music, or all Muslims.


To imply that hip-hop music sponsored the activities of John Allen Muhammad, in
my view, is the same as saying Francis Scott Key dropped the bomb on Hiroshima.
When are Americans going to stand up and take responsibility for their own
actions and inaction?

Goldblatt seems to imply that some black fans of hip-hop are foolishly following
a mad plot or racist agenda.

However, from what I recall, the Five Percenters developed out of a need for
self-esteem and dignity at a time when the country that so many blacks had
fought and died for was still not recognizing them as equal citizens. It seems
that rap music and blacks are OK as long as they "stay in their place" and
continue to entertain the white population the way minstrels did so many years
ago.

But when blacks begin to express their discontent with the status quo in a
non-violent and artistic manner, someone has to find a way to drag black culture
back down to filth.

G. David Logan

Columbus, Ohio

'Don't believe the hype'

In the 1980s, the group Public Enemy rapped on one of its CDs, Don't Believe the
(media) Hype. A decade later, the column, "Hip-hop's grim undertones," proves
this warning is still relevant.

At a time when many in the black community are asking rap artists to make more
socially conscious music, to suggest that hip-hop culture is a breeding ground
for snipers is a slap in the face.

To add insult to injury, many of the groups listed in the article have not put
out a CD in the past five years or more.

Also, it must be noted that for every rap that condones violence against white
people, there are 10 that glorify black-on-black violence. And we must not
forget that it is the white record companies that have made a fortune off
violent themes that some hip-hop promotes.

Contrary to the views of Mark Goldblatt, hip-hop artists with politically
conscious messages aren't preoccupied with taking white lives. They are
concerned with saving black ones.

Rev. Paul Scott, founder

National Hip Hop

Reformation Campaign

Durham, N.C.

Didn't sniper shoot blacks, too?

There's one hole in Forum writer Mark Goldblatt's column.

He suggests that Washington, D.C., area sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad is a
member of the black-superiority group Five Percenters. He provided some excerpts
from the songs of some rap groups suggesting that whites be killed.

But the sniper who committed these heinous acts appeared to shoot and kill
indiscriminately.

Wasn't the bus driver killed by the sniper a black man?

Dean A. Lemon

Stockbridge, Ga.

LOAD-DATE: November 01, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              265 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 June 22, 1994 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

VOLUNTARY ETHICS CODE OK'D FOR CAMPAIGNS IN CUPERTINO

BYLINE: MICHAEL CRONK, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 592 words


At the request of Cupertino residents upset by the harsh tone of recent city
elections, the League of Women Voters and Santa Clara University's Center for
Applied Ethics have helped create an ethics code and agreed to monitor conduct
in future elections.

Community activists say the unusual effort could provide a model for other
cities at a time when attack campaigns are on the rise.

Under the approach, approved unanimously Monday night by the city council,
candidates would be given copies of the code when they take out nomination forms
at City Hall, starting with the next municipal elections in 1995. They would
also be asked to sign pledges to follow all provisions, and lists of those who
did and did not sign would be available to the public.

Compliance with the code would be voluntary, however, and the city would play
little further role. Members of the league and the Center for Applied Ethics
would look into complaints, and the penalty for code violations would be public
censure by the two groups.

A citizens group, the Cupertino Campaign Ethics Committee, spent six months
drafting a code of ethics, prompted by the frustration of residents with
personal attacks, last-minute campaign mailings and other unfair tactics, said
committee Chairwoman Nadine Grant.

"People are tired of what they consider political tactics that do not serve the
community," said Grant. Residents are more interested in "what the person stands
for and what their values are, not in their attacking other candidates. We felt
we had a responsibility to state what we expect in campaigns."

Grant said the committee used the state's Code of Fair Campaign Practices as the
basis for Cupertino's code but added additional provisions seeking agreement by
candidates not to misrepresent facts or deceive residents and not to level
charges against opponents too late in the campaign for a response.

A companion code of ethics for political consultants is taken verbatim from the
American Association of Political Consultants.

Grant said the committee deliberately stayed away from campaign financing and
other legal issues that are under the jurisdiction of the state's Fair Political
Practices Commission.

"This is purely an ethics document," said committee member Tim Mazur, a Santa
Clara University faculty member.

Mazur told the council that the committee's efforts have already caught the
attention of state and national organizations. He said Chicago is drafting a
similar ethics process.

Committee member Donna Austin, who is also a Cupertino planning commissioner and
board member of the Cupertino-Sunnyvale chapter of the League of Women Voters,
said it is important to have enforcement through two organizations that don't
endorse candidates.

CODE OF ETHICS

The Cupertino City Council has agreed to distribute a code of ethics to
candidates in elections. Compliance would be voluntary. Here are some
provisions.

(box)I shall conduct my campaign openly, discuss issues as I understand them,
represent my record and policies with sincerity, and criticize the record and
policies of opponents which merit criticism.

(box)I shall not use or permit the use of character defamation, whispering
campaigns, libel, slander or scurrilous attacks on any candidate or his/her
family.

(box)I shall not misrepresent facts nor deceive any citizen.

(box)I shall not level charges against my opponent at a point when he/she does
not have adequate time to respond before the election.

Source: Cupertino Campaign Ethics Committee

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Additional information (end of article)

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             March 28, 2004 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Debtors, beware credit counseling firms;
If you're in the hole, these options might not be the best.

BYLINE: LISA MUNOZ, The Orange County Register

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 1409 words


SANTA ANA, Calif. -- If you stay up late, you've probably seen the infomercials.

"Cut your debt in half."

"Stop harassing phone calls from creditors."

"Improve your credit."

If you are having trouble paying your bills, those TV appeals -- or similar ones
in print and on the Internet -- can be enticing. But companies that promise
rapid relief for debt woes may not be the best answer for people with credit
problems, consumer groups warn.

The Federal Trade Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, consumer groups and
state regulators across the country caution that a new crop of credit-counseling
agencies has sprung up that make big promises, but charge exorbitant fees, offer
little to no consumer education and push plans that generate revenue for them,
regardless of what's right for their clients. Debt-burdened consumers now face
difficult choices when they look for an organization that can help them.

"Many [credit-counseling organizations] can be valid, but some of these new
companies put consumers into debt management plans without considering their
actual situations," said Jessica Rich, a deputy director in the FTC's Bureau of
Consumer Protection who is heading a review of such practices.

A decade ago, there were about 200 credit-counseling organizations in the
country. The vast majority were local or regional agencies that offered
face-to-face counseling and debt assistance, such as Consumer Credit Counseling
Service.

By 2002, more than 1,000 credit- and debt-management organizations were in
operation, according to a study by consumer advocacy groups.

The number of credit-counseling agencies has expanded in response to demand from
borrowers. As Americans have become increasingly reliant on credit, by last fall
consumers had accumulated a record $740 billion in revolving debt on credit
cards, store cards and others. One study estimated that nearly 9 million
financially troubled borrowers contact a consumer credit-counseling agency each
year.

Traditional nonprofit credit-counseling agencies have been around since the
1960s, providing a range of services, from payment plans that allow debtors to
get a handle on their bills to lessons in budgeting and saving. They were
supported by credit-card companies, seeking to encourage consumers to pay off
their debts and avoid bankruptcy. Credit-card issuers paid commissions, known as
Fair Share contributions, as high as 10 percent of the amount consumers paid
back.

But credit-card companies have reduced that financial support during the past
three years. Many reduced their Fair Share contributions to 2 percent to 4
percent, and some dropped them entirely.

That created a budget crunch.

"We're caught between a rock and a hard spot," said Diane Wilkman, spokeswoman
for Springboard, a Southern California credit-counseling service based in
Riverside. "We've had to scale back our operations and several agencies have
closed."

Her agency shut its Orange County location temporarily while it searches for
cheaper office space.

Santa Ana-based Consumer Credit Counseling Service has kept open its six offices
in Orange County.

Nationwide, reductions in credit-card companies' support for credit counseling
has resulted in higher fees, aggressive marketing tactics, and fewer educational
services for consumers, concluded a recent study by the National Consumer Law
Center and the Consumer Federation of America.

Among the groups it criticized were Cambridge Consumer Credit Counseling and
American Consumer Credit Counseling, both of Massachusetts, and Phoenix-based
Credit Counselors of America, now known as Take Charge America.

Targets of the report disputed its findings. "Our fees are some of the lowest in
the country," said Max Simmons, chief financial officer of Take Charge America.
"We are not predatory in any way."

Others said they offer something traditional agencies cannot.

"Conveniently missing from that report is information about our rebate program.
As long as the client makes six consecutive payments, we split the Fair Share
50-50 with them," said Montieth Illingworth, a corporate spokesman for Cambridge
Consumer Credit Counseling. "The model they have in mind is based on a
social-service mindset, where they treat the client as a welfare case. That
report tried to demonize the new generation of credit-counseling agencies. . . .
It ignored the new standards and practices that have professionalized this
industry and greatly increased the success rate."

The report on credit counseling was toughest on new agencies that it accused of
charging high fees, but it didn't spare traditional ones. It criticized them for
inefficient methods of communication and payment and for often having run-down
office space in undesirable areas.

Traditional credit-counseling organizations have limited financial resources.
Under state law, they can charge no more than $50 for education and counseling,
plus 6.5 percent of any money repaid to creditors under a debt-management plan,
up to a maximum of $20 a month.

But other types of debt-relief organizations can set higher fees. For example,
four for-profit companies that serve Southern California debtors charge initial
fees of $295 to $775, and two of them collect 20 percent to 25 percent of any
reduction in debt that they negotiate.

In October, the IRS announced it was auditing dozens of credit-counseling
agencies to ensure they were not abusing their nonprofit status, using it to
skirt regulation.

The audit includes a review of agencies' marketing materials to ensure that they
provide counseling or financial education, a requirement for maintaining
nonprofit status. The IRS did not identify any of the businesses under
investigation.

In November, the FTC sued AmeriDebt, one of the largest new credit-counseling
organizations. The suit alleges that, although the Maryland-based organization
promotes itself as a credit-counseling agency that teaches consumers how to
handle their finances, that misrepresents the true nature of its services. The
FTC also said AmeriDebt misrepresents the costs of its services and is set up to
make money for affiliated companies and individuals.

AmeriDebt did not return calls seeking comment, but in a statement it pledged to
clear its name.

"The attack on AmeriDebt is symptomatic of a much deeper crisis in credit
counseling today," AmeriDebt attorney Zynda Sellars said in the statement.
"Consumers need help from independent organizations that are not an extension of
the very credit-card companies that have encouraged customers to bury themselves
under mountains of debt."

Mark Guimond, president of the American Association of Debt Management
Associations, which represents many of the newer credit-counseling agencies,
though not AmeriDebt, insists that those agencies have a valuable role to play.

Two kinds of consumers seek help from credit-counseling agencies, he said, and
so it makes sense to have two kinds of agencies to serve them.

On one end, he said, are consumers with chronic credit problems, such as unpaid
bills over a long period. They need counseling, so traditional credit-counseling
agencies work for them, Guimond said.

On the other end are consumers who have racked up debt because of an acute
problem, such as a divorce, illness or job loss. They need the immediate relief
that a debt-management plan -- set up and maintained over the phone or Internet
-- can provide. The newer generation of agencies, which include agencies such as
AmeriDebt and Cambridge Consumer Credit Counselors, are aimed at those
consumers, he said.

Like many growing industries, credit counseling has expanded into a new niche:
debt settlement.

Debt-settlement companies, also known as debt-negotiation services, focus
exclusively on negotiating with creditors to reduce the total their clients owe.

Unlike credit counselors, they advise clients to stop paying their bills until
creditors are willing to discuss settling their account for less than the
original amount owed.

Debt-settlement firms say they are innovators, on the frontier of helping
consumers.

"The credit-card industry . . . is built on tactics of usurious interest rates
and preying on the public. They know that people will abuse credit cards," said
Paul Basurto, chief executive of U.S. Debt and Credit Solutions, a
debt-settlement firm in Lake Forest. "Our job is to represent the little guy.
We're trying to give the average consumer a voice to fight these excessive
credit-card interest rates and unconscionable tactics."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration
Illustration: biz debtillo032804 LISA MERTINS/The Orange County Register

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Florida Times-Union


                              267 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             July 3, 2004, Saturday

SECURITY GUARDS SHOULD BE TRAINED; MOBILE HOME LAW

BYLINE: DAN PERRY Ledger Correspondent

SECTION: Real Estate; Pg. 15L; 6W

LENGTH: 728 words


Q. Our mobile home park owner hires some of our home owners as paid security
guards for our park. These persons are referred to as "guards" and, while not
uniformed, they do drive an unmarked company automobile.

At initial meetings with prospective homeowners, the park owner emphasizes the
community is "safe" and "secure." Much of the park's advertising and discussions
reinforce this idea.

Homeowners are continually reminded of the importance of alerting the guards to
emergencies in the park. The emergency phone number is listed prominently on our
special park information television channel.

Recently, one of our guards physically restrained a minor who committed a theft
of a homeowner's property. Our park owner supported the actions of the guard.

The problem is the guards are untrained and not licensed. Is our park owner
obligated to provide trained and licensed guards? Can these homeowner guards be
sued for their actions? Should our park owner be using an outside source for
guards? Does the Florida Mobile Home Act support a requirement that the guards
be trained and licensed?

A. The Florida Mobile Home Act does require the park owner to take reasonable
and appropriate steps to protect homeowners. Section 723.022(2) of the Florida
Mobile Home Act requires the park owner to "... maintain the common areas in a
good state of ... safety ..."

Section 723.022(5) also directs the park owner to require all persons on the
premises to comply with park rules and regulations and to "... conduct
themselves in a manner that does not unreasonably disturb the park residents or
constitute a breach of the peace."

Courts throughout the United States have recognized the duty of landlords and
other property owners to hire security guards where criminal activity is
foreseeable. Courts have found that criminal activity is foreseeable when the
property owner is on notice of other similar crimes. While this certainly
reminds us of the importance of notifying the park owner of crimes that occur in
your park, nothing in your letter mentions prior criminal activity. Thus, the
park owner's liability for crimes committed after being placed on notice of
previous crimes may be addressed in a later column.

Courts throughout the United States have recognized the duty of property owners
to hire security guards where the property owner has voluntarily provided
security services, either by practice or contract. When a person or corporation
voluntarily assumes the performance of a duty, they are required to perform it
carefully and prudently.

Sections 723.016 and 723.017 prohibit a park owner from misleading prospective
purchasers about the adequacy of security services. Section 723.016(4) prohibits
a park owner from using promotional materials or oral statements to misrepresent
a fact or create a false or misleading impression regarding the mobile home
park. A park owner must not misrepresent the nature or extent of any service.

Section 723.017 permits any person who purchases a home in a park to rescind the
purchase contract or collect damages if the person reasonably relied upon false
or misleading information "... published by or under authority from the park
owner ... in advertising and promotional materials, including, but not limited
to, a prospectus, the items required as exhibits to a prospectus, brochures, and
newspaper advertising ..."

While proper training and licensing of guards will not prevent crime, courts
have assumed that properly trained and licensed guards may deter some crimes
from occurring.

Courts have determined it to be "imprudent" for a property owner who has
provided security services to allow those services to lapse or deteriorate.
Continued employment of untrained and unlicensed guards could certainly be a
reduction in services and thus a violation of Chapter 723.

Certainly, a smart park owner would use properly trained and licensed guards to
reduce his liability. Your homeowner guards could be sued for their conduct.
Accordingly, their lack of training and licensing would amplify the likelihood
of both a lawsuit and the possibility of an adverse jury award against the
guards and/or park owner.

Daniel W. Perry is a former county judge. His practice centers around the
representation of mobile homeowner associations, residential cooperatives and
subdivisions.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2004 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              268 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Letters to the editor, Jan. 13

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1140 words


Don't rush into building $1 billion temple to mediocrity

The Blitz and Peacock committee is a disaster, a veiled effort to construct a
legacy for a fading governor. An essentially $1 billion project requires years
of preparation and planning, with architectural and design work put out to open
competition. As presented at the news conference, the new stadium looks like
something that washed up on the shore after high water (admittedly, very high
water).

Even if you saw the rendering only one time, you can recall the dynamics of Stan
Kroenke's Inglewood stadium. It is something iconic and inviting. Well, palm
trees will not grow on the riverfront, but Peacock's "pictures" look like
grandma's Christmas cards, dated and old-fashioned.

Blitz said that the Dome (admittedly also dated and old-fashioned) was obsolete.
But truly, the only thing obsolete about the Dome is 11 consecutive seasons
without a winning record. If the Rams were a playoff team, the Dome would be a
crown jewel.

Peacock's proposal sounds like another plan to make a lot of money for people
who already have a lot of money, and to do so mostly on the public dole and the
backs of the fans. If the Rams leave ... so be it. But let's not rush into
something only to wind up with a $1 billion temple to mediocrity sitting idly at
the water's edge.

Terry Beckmeyer o New Haven

Why should we pay the homage the NFL demands?

Obviously our efforts to prove our football worthiness have inadequately
impressed the hierarchy of this sport dedicated to super-greed. Seems the venue
we now offer for exhibiting the crushing activity no longer has the league's
blessing.

We are shown a proposed replacement, which does not include a top, to be located
on the shore of our fabled river, the Mississippi. The price tag: less than a
billion! Involuntary contributions by the over-burdened taxpayers will fund a
major portion so the cash-strapped owners can boast "community support"!

Dozens of American cities much larger than St. Louis are growing and prospering
handsomely without NFL teams and the homage they demand for participation; why
do we surrender our collective souls to this tyrannical cabal?

But should our offer be accepted, I'd like to propose a modification to the
structure. Put the abominable edifice on skids so in a few years when it becomes
obsolete, we can simply remove the blocks and let it slide into that great
river!

Gene Culver o St. Peters

St. Louis has a lot more to offer than the Rams

St. Louis has Monsanto, Anheuser-Busch, Scottrade, Edward Jones and numerous
other influential and respected corporate headquarters.

St. Louis has the Cardinals, the gold standard for what a successful franchise
should look like.

St. Louis has the Blues.

St. Louis has world-class dining and award-winning chefs.

St. Louis is a destination for top-notch entertainment in all genres.

St. Louis has Forest Park, one of the premier public spaces in all of America
and home to the greatest collection of free attractions anywhere.

St. Louis has the Arch, one of the few truly iconic American landmarks.

Most cities would love to have one area as eclectic and dynamic as the Loop,
Central West End, South Grand and Tower Grove. St. Louis has all of this and
then some.

St. Louis does not need the Rams or Stan Kroenke. If you think the loss of the
Rams would make St. Louis a minor league town, you clearly have no idea what St.
Louis has to offer. Maybe you should take a drive one Sunday and check it out
yourself.

Brad Abel o Olivette

Make room for riverfront trail

Whether or not a new NFL stadium is built as proposed, the footprint appears to
lie directly upon a section of our riverfront trail, one of the most scenic in
the USA. I hope the powers that be include a replacement path that will
guarantee a continuous trail from the Arch to the Chain of Rocks bridge and
beyond.

Perhaps the new path could be on the river concourse on the east side of the
stadium.

Phil Tomber o Webster Groves

No place for mocking of sincere religious beliefs

We are all deeply saddened by the horrific massacres in France, aching for lives
lost and families left bereft. But my heart also aches for another tragedy,
seemingly lost in the cries of "Je suis Charlie." Ahmed Merabet, the police
officer who died defending the right to freedom of speech for Charlie Hebdo, was
a Muslim. How often was he shocked - even pained - by the rude, sometimes
pornographic, assaults on his faith by the satirical magazine?

Today we stand shoulder-to-shoulder against a savage attack on our rights. But
rights carry responsibilities. In the calmer months ahead, we might be wise to
reflect on the simple life of Mr. Merabet. Mocking sincere religious belief and
goading and bullying those different from us, even under the guise of satire,
have no place in a Judeo-Christian world.

Jean Monahan o University City

Burke misrepresents his faith

Ironic that the report on the horrific murders in France over satirical cartoons
sits next to an article featuring our region's own walking cartoon, Cardinal
Raymond Burke (" 'Feminized' church and altar girls caused priest shortage,"
Jan. 8). His ignorance and misogyny do him in good company with the savages who
committed the atrocities at the Charlie Hebdo offices. Certainly both
misunderstand and misrepresent their faiths.

Stephen Newman o St. Peters

Expanding MetroLink to North County would be a righteous action

I have ridden MetroLink to work for many years, and I have a pretty good idea of
who uses light rail. Not the rich; I never see people who look rich. There's
always a handful of middle-class-looking folks in every car, but the vast
majority of train riders are the working poor.

You can tell by their uniforms. These are the people doing the low-paid work the
economy needs; they are the janitors, fast-food workers, security guards, hotel
housekeepers, lawn care workers and retail clerks that we all depend on. Their
pay is so low that the thousands of dollars required each year to own and
operate a commuter car would be beyond their means. If they didn't have the
train, they couldn't work.

The events in Ferguson have brought out the sad stories of people sentenced to
jail and losing jobs because minor auto problems spiral into major legal
problems. Sometimes renewing registration, paying insurance and doing minor
repairs is simply beyond the means of a poor person, but if he must get to work
to feed his family, he may run the risk of driving illegally.

The Ferguson Commission could strike a note for justice in North County by
pressing for MetroLink expansion to that community. We spend countless millions
building various highway extensions in West County for wealthy people. A
light-rail extension to the largely black and low-income areas of North County
would be a gift to the poor, the righteous action of a fair society.

John Thro o St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Editorial Cartoon by Steve Sack o Minneapolis Star Tribune - President
Barack Obama: "For the good of America, I'm authorizing a pipeline... my veto
pen's gonna need it!"

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

IN THE NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 454 words


NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski is not a fan of Hendrick Motorsports' hiring
habits.

NASCAR

Hendrick questions Keselowski's 'class '

Rick Hendrick defended his team's hiring approach Friday and said Sprint Cup
champion Brad Keselowski should show "more class" after accusing Hendrick
Motorsports of getting information by stealing employees from Ford teams.

"Brad misrepresents the facts and spends a lot of time making insinuations and
accusations about other teams when he should be focused on his program and
competing at a high level," Hendrick said in a statement. "I hope he figures
that out and begins representing himself and the sport with more class."

Keselowski was at Ford headquarters in Dearborn, Mich., on Thursday, when he
said his Penske Racing team has been reluctant to share information with Roush
Fenway Racing on their Ford cars.

"What keeps it from going too far is the fact Hendrick and (Joe Gibbs Racing)
have this nasty little habit of going to our teams and outbidding different
people and taking those employees and stealing our information," Keselowski
said.

Edwards to start from pole Sunday

Carl Edwards topped qualifying for the first time this season with a lap of
202.452 mph at Michigan International Speedway, taking the pole for Sunday's
Quicken Loans 400.

Edwards was given the pole in May at Talladega as well, but that was because
qualifying was rained out and the field was set by practice speeds. He's second
in the Sprint Cup standings.

DAYTON DRAGONS

Travieso gets first professional win

Nick Travieso, the Cincinnati Reds' No. 1 draft pick in 2012, pitched five solid
innings to earn his first pro win as the Dragons beat the South Bend Silver
Hawks 7-4 on the road.

Travieso allowed a run on four hits with two walks and two strikeouts and
received support from Jesse Winker, Seth Mejias-Brean and Junior Arias, who all
homered.

More All-Stars: Pitchers Alejandro Chacin, Sean Lucas and Ben Klimesh have been
added to the Eastern Division roster for the Midwest League All-Star Game on
Tuesday at Fifth Third Field.

Lucas replaces Dragons pitcher Robert Stephenson, who landed on the disabled
list Wednesday with a strained hamstring. Winker, infielder Zach Vincej, and
pitchers Sal Ramano and Drew Cisco were previously selected.

NFL

Suspect in stabbing of Steeler captured

A third suspect in the late-night stabbing of Pittsburgh Steelers offensive
lineman Mike Adams, a former Ohio State player, was captured as he attempted to
?ee his Florida motel room. Jerrell Whitlock, 26, had been sought on charges of
attempted robbery, aggravated assault and conspiracy.

FRIDAY'S SCORES

MLB Indians 2, Nationals 1 Marlins 5, Cardinals 4 Pirates 3, Dodgers 0 Great
Lakes Summer League Dayton 12, Cincinnati 1

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              270 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

IN THE NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 454 words


NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski is not a fan of Hendrick Motorsports' hiring
habits.

NASCAR

Hendrick questions Keselowski's 'class '

Rick Hendrick defended his team's hiring approach Friday and said Sprint Cup
champion Brad Keselowski should show "more class" after accusing Hendrick
Motorsports of getting information by stealing employees from Ford teams.

"Brad misrepresents the facts and spends a lot of time making insinuations and
accusations about other teams when he should be focused on his program and
competing at a high level," Hendrick said in a statement. "I hope he figures
that out and begins representing himself and the sport with more class."

Keselowski was at Ford headquarters in Dearborn, Mich., on Thursday, when he
said his Penske Racing team has been reluctant to share information with Roush
Fenway Racing on their Ford cars.

"What keeps it from going too far is the fact Hendrick and (Joe Gibbs Racing)
have this nasty little habit of going to our teams and outbidding different
people and taking those employees and stealing our information," Keselowski
said.

Edwards to start from pole Sunday

Carl Edwards topped qualifying for the first time this season with a lap of
202.452 mph at Michigan International Speedway, taking the pole for Sunday's
Quicken Loans 400.

Edwards was given the pole in May at Talladega as well, but that was because
qualifying was rained out and the field was set by practice speeds. He's second
in the Sprint Cup standings.

DAYTON DRAGONS

Travieso gets first professional win

Nick Travieso, the Cincinnati Reds' No. 1 draft pick in 2012, pitched five solid
innings to earn his first pro win as the Dragons beat the South Bend Silver
Hawks 7-4 on the road.

Travieso allowed a run on four hits with two walks and two strikeouts and
received support from Jesse Winker, Seth Mejias-Brean and Junior Arias, who all
homered.

More All-Stars: Pitchers Alejandro Chacin, Sean Lucas and Ben Klimesh have been
added to the Eastern Division roster for the Midwest League All-Star Game on
Tuesday at Fifth Third Field.

Lucas replaces Dragons pitcher Robert Stephenson, who landed on the disabled
list Wednesday with a strained hamstring. Winker, infielder Zach Vincej, and
pitchers Sal Ramano and Drew Cisco were previously selected.

NFL

Suspect in stabbing of Steeler captured

A third suspect in the late-night stabbing of Pittsburgh Steelers offensive
lineman Mike Adams, a former Ohio State player, was captured as he attempted to
?ee his Florida motel room. Jerrell Whitlock, 26, had been sought on charges of
attempted robbery, aggravated assault and conspiracy.

FRIDAY'S SCORES

MLB Indians 2, Nationals 1 Marlins 5, Cardinals 4 Pirates 3, Dodgers 0 Great
Lakes Summer League Dayton 12, Cincinnati 1

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              271 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Paul W. Hammond

LENGTH: 513 words


CONOVER, WI AND BAR HARBOR - Paul William Hammond, 29, of Conover, Wisconsin,
and with roots in Maine, died Tuesday, December 1, 2015, in a motor vehicle
accident near Wausau, Wisconsin. Paul was born on June 21, 1986, in Portland,
ME, to Scott S. and Debra W. Hammond and was lovingly named in memory of his
maternal great grandfather Paul C. Marston, MD, and in honor of his maternal
grandfather William E. Waye. At a very early age, he developed a love of
language and learning that he pursued throughout his life. He graduated from
Mount Desert Island High School in 2004, from Rice University with a B.A. in
2008, and from the University of Memphis with a Ph.D. in 2014. In 2005, at
Rice's Baker College, Paul met Karen Spitzfaden, his partner in all things. Paul
was a professor of philosophy.


To write only about Paul's accomplishments is to misrepresent all that he was as
a person. Paul was a brilliant scholar and a devoted teacher, but more
importantly, he was kind, humble, caring, and generous to everyone he
encountered, and especially to his friends and family. At Rice and at Memphis,
Paul established himself as an enthusiastic student leader, both in and out of
the classroom, and a friend to everyone. With his sharp wit, easygoing nature,
and quick laugh, Paul was an unparalleled conversation partner and frequent
board-game champion. Paul was always willing to join and help organize any
adventure and liked to spend time reading, writing, baking, traveling, and being
outside. Most of all, though, he enjoyed discussing ideas and current events; he
was passionate about promoting well-reasoned and logical arguments and debate.


He will live in the hearts of so many people, including Karen of Minneapolis,
MN; parents of Bar Harbor, ME; sister Tricia (Jamie) Thurlow and nephew and
niece Gavin and Abigail of Bass Harbor, ME; maternal grandmother Mary Waye of
Scarborough, ME; paternal grandparents Janet and Lee Hammond of Pine Grove,
California; Karen's father Tom Spitzfaden of Moline, IL; Karen's siblings Kim
and David Spitzfaden of Minneapolis, MN; and many aunts, uncles, cousins, and
beloved friends. He was preceded in death by his maternal grandfather William
Waye, paternal grandmother Patricia Hammond, and Karen's mother Cathy
Spitzfaden.


Two Celebration of Life services will be held. One will be at 2:00 PM on
Thursday, December 10th at Bar Harbor Congregational Church in Bar Harbor, ME.
The other will be at 1:30 PM on Sunday, December 13th at Bethany Lutheran Church
on Franklin Avenue in Minneapolis, MN. Receptions will follow both services.
Paul's family and friends encourage that in lieu of flowers, memorials be made
in Paul's memory to the Paul Hammond Memorial Fund at Rice University (addressed
to Rice University, Office of Development MS-81, PO Box 1892, Houston, TX
77251-1892) or to the Paul Hammond memorial, created to fund a local community
need (addressed to The First, P.O. Box 258, Bar Harbor, Me 04609).


Arrangements in care of Jordan-Fernald, 1139 Main St., Mt. Desert. Condolences
may be expressed at www.jordanfernald.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              272 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Paul W. Hammond

LENGTH: 513 words


CONOVER, WI AND BAR HARBOR - Paul William Hammond, 29, of Conover, Wisconsin,
and with roots in Maine, died Tuesday, December 1, 2015, in a motor vehicle
accident near Wausau, Wisconsin. Paul was born on June 21, 1986, in Portland,
ME, to Scott S. and Debra W. Hammond and was lovingly named in memory of his
maternal great grandfather Paul C. Marston, MD, and in honor of his maternal
grandfather William E. Waye. At a very early age, he developed a love of
language and learning that he pursued throughout his life. He graduated from
Mount Desert Island High School in 2004, from Rice University with a B.A. in
2008, and from the University of Memphis with a Ph.D. in 2014. In 2005, at
Rice's Baker College, Paul met Karen Spitzfaden, his partner in all things. Paul
was a professor of philosophy.


To write only about Paul's accomplishments is to misrepresent all that he was as
a person. Paul was a brilliant scholar and a devoted teacher, but more
importantly, he was kind, humble, caring, and generous to everyone he
encountered, and especially to his friends and family. At Rice and at Memphis,
Paul established himself as an enthusiastic student leader, both in and out of
the classroom, and a friend to everyone. With his sharp wit, easygoing nature,
and quick laugh, Paul was an unparalleled conversation partner and frequent
board-game champion. Paul was always willing to join and help organize any
adventure and liked to spend time reading, writing, baking, traveling, and being
outside. Most of all, though, he enjoyed discussing ideas and current events; he
was passionate about promoting well-reasoned and logical arguments and debate.


He will live in the hearts of so many people, including Karen of Minneapolis,
MN; parents of Bar Harbor, ME; sister Tricia (Jamie) Thurlow and nephew and
niece Gavin and Abigail of Bass Harbor, ME; maternal grandmother Mary Waye of
Scarborough, ME; paternal grandparents Janet and Lee Hammond of Pine Grove,
California; Karen's father Tom Spitzfaden of Moline, IL; Karen's siblings Kim
and David Spitzfaden of Minneapolis, MN; and many aunts, uncles, cousins, and
beloved friends. He was preceded in death by his maternal grandfather William
Waye, paternal grandmother Patricia Hammond, and Karen's mother Cathy
Spitzfaden.


Two Celebration of Life services will be held. One will be at 2:00 PM on
Thursday, December 10th at Bar Harbor Congregational Church in Bar Harbor, ME.
The other will be at 1:30 PM on Sunday, December 13th at Bethany Lutheran Church
on Franklin Avenue in Minneapolis, MN. Receptions will follow both services.
Paul's family and friends encourage that in lieu of flowers, memorials be made
in Paul's memory to the Paul Hammond Memorial Fund at Rice University (addressed
to Rice University, Office of Development MS-81, PO Box 1892, Houston, TX
77251-1892) or to the Paul Hammond memorial, created to fund a local community
need (addressed to The First, P.O. Box 258, Bar Harbor, Me 04609).


Arrangements in care of Jordan-Fernald, 1139 Main St., Mt. Desert. Condolences
may be expressed at www.jordanfernald.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              273 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 1, 1992, Tuesday, City Edition

Affidavit accuses Key Bank of criminal conspiracy

BYLINE: JEFF TESTERMAN; BILL DURYEA; SUE CARLTON

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1623 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Directors and some customers of a tiny Tampa bank are being accused of a
criminal conspiracy that includes loan-sharking, fraudulent loans and
falsifying documents, according to a 169-page affidavit released Monday by
state prosecutors.

Wiretaps at the Key Bank of Florida provide numerous details about  allegations
of money-laundering, bank fraud and racketeering. Some of the  schemes include:

The payment of millions of dollars in consulting fees to the bank's  directors
even though they did no work.

Efforts by the bank's president and the bank's attorney, Michael Freedman,
husband of the mayor of Tampa, to hide information from federal regulators.

Providing fake letters of credit and making deposits of non-existent cash  to
fool state and federal authorities.

With thousands of bank documents seized in early August, prosecutors hope  to
prove the allegations arising from the extensive wiretaps. Only two arrests
have been made so far.

For the first time since the arrests Aug. 7 of Frank Pupello, the bank's
chairman, and his son, vice president Michael D. Pupello, the public can
glimpse the scope of the conspiracy that prosecutors have only hinted at.

The Pupellos were charged with falsifying documents and perjury, minor  charges
when compared to the allegations of money-laundering, racketeering,  bank fraud
and violations of state beverage laws detailed in the search  warrant affidavit.

Prosecutors said they decided to request the affidavit be unsealed because
"that was hampering other government agencies," said Judy Hoyer, assistant
Hillsborough state attorney.

One of the wiretaps, for instance, revealed to investigators that there was  a
separate employment contract given to executive vice president Jerry Kyle  that
had been kept secret from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The  shadow
contract guaranteed Kyle would be paid even if the bank failed,  according to
the affidavit.

Concerning the side contract to Jerry Kyle, Michael Freedman, the bank's
attorney, told Frank Pupello the FDIC would not go along with it and the  matter
ought to be discussed, according to a wiretap.

At one point, Freedman told Pupello, "You can always say the hell with it,
we're gonna ignore the FDIC."

With $ 106.7-million in assets, the bank had a relatively high amount in
problem loans - $ 5.7-million - during the second quarter of 1992. Federal
regulators already were watching Key Bank to ensure that lending practices met
federal guidelines.

So, when Frank Pupello allegedly lied in a federal document concerning  Kyle's
employment deal, investigators considered it a serious misstep.

Frank Pupello declined comment Monday night.

Kyle was installed as head of the bank after the Aug. 7 arrests.

Investigators also caught Frank Pupello advising bank investor Howard  Bernstein
on how to structure a cash deposit of $ 30,000, apparently to avoid  reporting
large currency transactions.

Bernstein was convicted of bank fraud in the late 1980s involving the Bank  of
Tampa, according to court records, and was the subject of a loan sharking  and
money laundering investigation by the Florida Department of Law  Enforcement.
Yet earlier this year Key Bank made a loan of $ 300,000 to  Bernstein.

There were indications from other monitored conversations that Pupello
conspired to misrepresent the financial standing of Santo J. Trafficante III  to
the FDIC in order to relieve Trafficante of any responsibility for a  delinquent
loan already taken over by the FDIC.

Agents say they caught Michael Pupello on June 16 calling FDIC officials  and
representing himself as Trafficante and promising to send in an updated
financial form.

The bank's loan collection officer complained to Kyle that Trafficante had  more
than $ 1-million in loans at Key Bank but that "every time Trafficante is
behind, they tell me don't you dare call Trafficante and tell him he's behind
on a loan."

On July 8, investigators captured on tape conversations indicating Frank
Pupello and two other customers agreed to misrepresent the existence of a Key
Bank loan to another financial institution. Investigators taped several
conversations in which the existence of loans were misrepresented, according  to
the affidavit.

On July 3, Frank Pupello was taped during a phone call with lawyer Michael
Freedman. According to investigators the men were conspiring to falsify
documents to avoid paying taxes on money owed to the bank.

A bank vice president, Shirley Williams, was taped as she discussed  depositing
non-existent money in a savings account of a would-be restaurant  owner so he
could get a liquor license.

In another taped conversation, a Tampa doctor requested that a bank  official to
prepare a fake letter of credit in the amount of $ 250,000.

Two bank directors were paid consulting fees, but the services were not
documented, according to investigators.

The directors appeared to have benefited significantly from their  relationship
with the bank. "Unfortunately, the bank does not appear to have  benefited from
the relationship, as the institution's condition has worsened  and no
documentation has been kept of the consulting services," wrote a  federal
regulator in March.

In a taped conversation, Charles Russell, the bank's collection manager,
complained to Jerry Kyle, the bank's executive vice president, that the bank's
attorneys were being paid too much.

"Freedman and Farage have wiggled their way in here and I have seen . . .  in
the folder over here, some of the most astronomical attorney fees . . .  over
things that are stupid," Russell said.

Freedman declined comment when reached at home Monday night.

Investigators painted a scandalous history of the bank, beginning with its
first president James Porter, convicted in 1977 of taking kickbacks from
borrowers whose loans were approved. According to records, Porter and a
marijuana smuggler named Robert Walker started an offshore bank in 1980.

Prosecutors identify former Key Bank President Frank Pupello's brother, Sam
Sr., as a member of the crime family of reputed Tampa Mafia boss Santo J.
Trafficante Jr., who died in 1987. Together, Sam Pupello and Trafficante had
controlling interest in the Tahitian Inn Motel, 601 S Dale Mabry Ave., court
documents say.

Sam Pupello Jr. and another Pupello family member sold a Tampa bar called
Brothers Lounge to reputed Mafia figure Vincent Lo Scalzo in 1984. Lo Scalzo
got most of the money for the purchase in a loan from Key Bank.

Lo Scalzo also owned Mike's Lounge and Package, 3607 N Nebraska Ave. In  1976, a
corporation named SAL and headed by Lo Scalzo and Frank Albano, also  alleged to
be a member of the Trafficante crime family, bought the bar. Lo  Scalzo was
forced to sell in 1985 after state beverage violations related to  employees who
were selling drugs and stolen goods there.

Mike Napoli, another reputed member of the Trafficante clan, bought the bar  for
$ 180,000 - $ 93,775 of it borrowed from Key Bank and $ 45,000 from Ideal
Cigarette and Music Company, Inc.

Napoli, currently doing time on federal drug charges, once owned four Tampa
bars and used them as collateral to get three loans from Key Bank before they
were seized by the government in 1987. Richard A. Battista bought Mike's  Lounge
and assumed the Key Bank mortgage.

Salvatore Joseph "Silent Sam" Lorenzo, another reputed mob member, got  two real
estate loans from Key Bank, one of them just after his arrest on drug  and
racketeering charges in 1984.

Angelo Joseph Bedami, arrested along with Lorenzo, got four loans on  commercial
property from Key Bank between 1980 and 1982.

Convicted drug smuggler Kenneth Kiken told investigators his lawyer advised  him
to get into the shrimping business with $ 236,000 in drug and real-estate
profits - an easy way to launder drug money by mixing illegal funds with
legitimate profits. That attorney also advised Kiken to launder drug money
through real estate and put money into the law firm's trust accounts at Key
Bank and Flagship Bank.

Kiken's share was invested in certificates of deposit and he was given  checks
for his smuggling organization. Kiken's attorney was close with Frank  Pupello
and Key Bank. The lawyer got loans for Kiken using Kiken's house,  bought with
drug money, at least three times.

Kiken dropped his attorney in 1988 after his arrest and said the lawyer has  $
488,000 of his drug money, last known to be at Key Bank.

More recently, developers Carlos Yepes and Robert Guzzo used Key Bank for  their
investment schemes in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties. Both men  pleaded
guilty to federal bank fraud charges, agreed to forfeit more than  $ 12-million
in property and to cooperate with an ongoing grand jury  investigation. They
have not yet been sentenced.

Frank Pupello told a Times reporter last year he would be willing to  continue
to keep on lending money to criminals like Kiken because the bank  never lost
money. His bank was too small to be used for laundering money and  he never
associated with reputed mobsters, he said.

Prosecutors have said in court records the investigation was compromised  when a
copy of a hand-written list of suspects ended up in the hands of Santo
Trafficante III, nephew of the reputed Mafia boss.

Trafficante received the list from former Hillsborough sheriff's Detective
Rickey O. Dawes, 41, prosecutors said. Trafficante, who has not been linked to
the mob, allegedly gave the list to Michael Pupello.

Pupello is accused of lying about the list, leading investigators to charge  him
with perjury.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              274 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           January 7, 1988, Thursday

INSURANCE BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INS, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE:  SAN FRANCISCO


P.R. Marketing

Must Defend Tactics

The Department of Insurance has ordered P.R. Marketing Insurance Services Corp.
to defend its telemarketing tactics at a hearing later this month.

The department stated in a prepared release that the Citrus Heights, Calif.,
company, a licensed insurance agency, had violated provisions of the Insurance
Information and Privacy Protection Act of the California Insurance Code through
its telemarketing program.

A department investigation revealed that P.R. Marketing established a program to
market and sell universal life insurance policies of ITT Life Insurance Corp.
The contact begins with a "screening" phone call to California residents to
obtain personal information relating to the person's current life insurance
coverage and age.

The department alleges that these "screening" phone calls misrepresent the real
purpose of the interview, which is to gather information for insurance marketing
purposes. It further alleges that the phone solicitors pretend to represent the
person's current insurer or imply as much.

Greyhound Cover Unit

Halts Applications

PHOENIX, Ariz. - The Greyhound Corp. announced Wednesday that its mortgage
insurance subsidiary, Verex Assurance Inc., has stopped taking applications for
new mortgage insurance while Greyhound develops a plan to run off the old
policies and form a new organization that will resume underwriting mortgage
insurance.

The actions are subject to regulatory and internal approvals.

With more than $ 500 million in capital and reserves as of Sept. 30, Verex,
based in Madison, Wis., remains in sound financial condition to meet its
obligations to existing policyholders, the company said in a prepared release.

Settlement Resolves

3 Civil Suits in Conn.

HARTFORD, Conn. - A judge has approved a settlement that requires Uretek Inc. of
New Haven, Conn. - the fabric-coating company that came under fire for its
working conditions - to pay a $ 35,000 fine and hire an auditor to ensure
compliance with hazardous material laws.

Attorney General Joseph I. Lieberman said the company also agreed to contribute
$ 15,000 to a special account to pay for a study of the risk to workers of
exposure to chemicals used at the plant.

The settlement, approved by Hartford Superior Court Judge John D. Brennan, is
also designed to protect those living in the vicinity of the plant by requiring
the company to install new air pollution equipment at a cost of about $ 300,000.

The settlement resolves three civil suits filed by the state against Uretek in
1984, 1986 and 1987.

Smoking Boosts Risk

Of Cancer From Radon

WASHINGTON - The risks of developing lung cancer from breathing radon appear to
decline if concentrations of the deadly gas are reduced, but smoking multiplies
the risk instead of just adding to it, a scientific committee reported Tuesday.

The National Research Council panel estimated that the power of radon to induce
lung cancer was in the middle of earlier estimates, which the Environmental
Protection Agency hailed as evidence "we're on the right track."

EPA has estimated that naturally occuring radon in homes could be responsible
for 5,000 to 20,000 cases of lung cancer every year, a large fraction of the
lung cancer not caused by smoking.

Premiums Rise 219 percent

For Directors' Liability

CHICAGO - Increases in director and officer liability insurance premiums
averaged 219 percent in 1987.

A survey of 894 chairmen of the nation's 1,000 largest companies revealed that
"the average premium increase of 219 percent is dramatically less than the 506
percent increase reported in 1986."

The survey, conducted by Heidrick and Struggles, an executive search firm, also
showed that four out of five of the 261 respondents said the increase has not
caused them to reduce coverage.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: INSURANCE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              275 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            February 8, 2004 Sunday

Debtors, beware;
Look carefully before you sign up with a credit-counseling firm, consumer groups
warn. You could end up worse off.

BYLINE: Story by LISA MUÑOZ Illustration by LISA MERTINS , The Orange County
Register

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1656 words


I f you stay up late, you've probably seen the infomercials.

``Cut your debt in half.''

``Stop harassing phone calls from creditors.''

``Improve your credit.''

If you are having trouble paying your bills, those TV appeals -- or similar ones
in print and on the Internet -- can be enticing. But companies that promise
rapid relief for debt woes may not be the best answer for people with credit
problems, consumer groups warn.

The Federal Trade Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, consumer groups and
state regulators across the country caution that a new crop of credit-counseling
agencies has sprung up that make big promises, but charge exorbitant fees, offer
little to no consumer education and push plans that generate revenue for them,
regardless of what's right for their clients. Debt-burdened consumers now face
difficult choices when they look for an organization that can help them.

``Many (credit-counseling organizations) can be valid, but some of these new
companies put consumers into debt management plans without considering their
actual situations,'' said Jessica Rich, a deputy director in the FTC's Bureau of
Consumer Protection who is heading a review of such practices.

A decade ago, there were about 200 credit-counseling organizations in the
country. The vast majority were local or regional agencies that offered
face-to-face counseling and debt assistance, such as Consumer Credit Counseling
Service.

By 2002, more than 1,000 credit- and debt-management organizations were in
operation, according to a study by consumer advocacy groups.

The number of credit-counseling agencies has expanded in response to demand from
borrowers. As Americans have become increasingly reliant on credit, by last fall
consumers had accumulated a record $740 billion in revolving debt on credit
cards, store cards and others. One study estimated that nearly 9 million
financially troubled borrowers contact a consumer credit-counseling agency each
year.

BUDGET CRUNCH

Traditional nonprofit credit-counseling agencies have been around since the
1960s, providing a range of services, from payment plans that allow debtors to
get a handle on their bills to lessons in budgeting and saving. They were
supported by credit-card companies, seeking to encourage consumers to pay off
their debts and avoid bankruptcy. Credit-card issuers paid commissions, known as
Fair Share contributions, as high as 10 percent of the amount consumers paid
back.

But credit-card companies have reduced that financial support during the past
three years. Many reduced their Fair Share contributions to 2 percent to 4
percent, and some dropped them entirely.

That created a budget crunch.

``We're caught between a rock and a hard spot,'' said Diane Wilkman, spokeswoman
for Springboard, a Southern California credit-counseling service based in
Riverside. ``We've had to scale back our operations and several agencies have
closed.''

Her agency shut its Orange County location temporarily while it searches for
cheaper office space.

Santa Ana-based Consumer Credit Counseling Service has kept open its six offices
in Orange County.

Nationwide, reductions in credit- card companies' support for credit counseling
has resulted in higher fees, aggressive marketing tactics, and fewer educational
services for consumers, concluded a recent study by the National Consumer Law
Center and the Consumer Federation of America.

Among the groups it criticized were Cambridge Consumer Credit Counseling and
American Consumer Credit Counseling, both of Massachusetts, and Phoenix-based
Credit Counselors of America, now known as Take Charge America.

Targets of the report disputed its findings. ``Our fees are some of the lowest
in the country,'' said Max Simmons, chief financial officer of Take Charge
America. ``We are not predatory in any way.''

Others said they offer something traditional agencies cannot.

``Conveniently missing from that report is information about our rebate program.
As long as the client makes six consecutive payments, we split the Fair Share
50-50 with them,'' said Montieth Illingworth, a corporate spokesman for
Cambridge Consumer Credit Counseling. ``The model they have in mind is based on
a social-service mindset, where they treat the client as a welfare case. That
report tried to demonize the new generation of credit-counseling agencies. ...
It ignored the new standards and practices that have professionalized this
industry and greatly increased the success rate.''

The report on credit counseling was toughest on new agencies that it accused of
charging high fees, but it didn't spare traditional ones. It criticized them for
inefficient methods of communication and payment and for often having run-down
office space in undesirable areas.

Traditional credit-counseling organizations have limited financial resources.
Under state law, they can charge no more than $50 for education and counseling,
plus 6.5 percent of any money repaid to creditors under a debt-management plan,
up to a maximum of $20 a month.

But other types of debt-relief organizations can set higher fees. For example,
four for-profit companies that serve Southern California debtors charge initial
fees of $295 to $775, and two of them collect 20 percent to 25 percent of any
reduction in debt that they negotiate.

Intervention

In October, the IRS announced it was auditing dozens of credit-counseling
agencies to ensure they were not abusing their nonprofit status, using it to
skirt regulation.

The audit includes a review of agencies' marketing materials to ensure that they
provide counseling or financial education, a requirement for maintaining
nonprofit status. The IRS did not identify any of the businesses under
investigation.

In November, the FTC sued AmeriDebt, one of the largest new credit-counseling
organizations. The suit alleges that, although the Maryland- based organization
promotes itself as a credit-counseling agency that teaches consumers how to
handle their finances, that misrepresents the true nature of its services. The
FTC also said AmeriDebt misrepresents the costs of its services and is set up to
make money for affiliated companies and individuals.

AmeriDebt did not return calls seeking comment, but in a statement it pledged to
clear its name.

``The attack on AmeriDebt is symptomatic of a much deeper crisis in credit
counseling today,'' AmeriDebt attorney Zynda Sellars said in the statement.
``Consumers need help from independent organizations that are not an extension
of the very credit-card companies that have encouraged customers to bury
themselves under mountains of debt.''

Mark Guimond, president of the American Association of Debt Management
Associations, which represents many of the newer credit-counseling agencies,
though not AmeriDebt, insists that those agencies have a valuable role to play.

Two kinds of consumers seek help from credit-counseling agencies, he said, and
so it makes sense to have two kinds of agencies to serve them.

On one end, he said, are consumers with chronic credit problems, such as unpaid
bills over a long period. They need counseling, so traditional credit-counseling
agencies work for them, Guimond said.

On the other end are consumers who have racked up debt because of an acute
problem, such as a divorce, illness or job loss. They need the immediate relief
that a debt-management plan -- set up and maintained over the phone or Internet
-- can provide. The newer generation of agencies, which include agencies such as
AmeriDebt and Cambridge Consumer Credit Counselors, are aimed at those
consumers, he said.

THE NEW FRONTIER

Like many growing industries, credit counseling has expanded into a new niche:
debt settlement.

Debt-settlement companies, also known as debt-negotiation services, focus
exclusively on negotiating with creditors to reduce the total their clients owe.

Unlike credit counselors, they advise clients to stop paying their bills until
creditors are willing to discuss settling their account for less than the
original amount owed.

Debt-settlement firms say they are innovators, on the frontier of helping
consumers.

``The credit-card industry ... is built on tactics of usurious interest rates
and preying on the public. They know that people will abuse credit cards,'' said
Paul Basurto, chief executive of U.S. Debt and Credit Solutions, a
debt-settlement firm in Lake Forest. ``Our job is to represent the little guy.
We're trying to give the average consumer a voice to fight these excessive
credit-card interest rates and unconscionable tactics.''

Firms such as his can talk creditors into settling consumers' accounts for only
35 percent to 50 percent of what was originally owed, Basurto said. But such
firms' strategies have been lambasted by consumer groups and credit counselors.

``Telling consumers not to pay their credit-card bills -- to put their accounts
in settlement action -- with the promise that they can get out of debt for
pennies on the dollar, is not responsible financial management,'' Guimond said.

Travis Plunkett, legislative director for the Consumer Federation of America,
said debt-settlement companies charge too much for too little.

``The up-front payments can be hundreds of dollars. We're talking about $700,
$800, $900 -- just to set up. That's before they've even done anything,'' he
said. ``We're talking about companies that mislead people into believing that it
won't be a long- term hit on their credit rating, which is false.''

The myriad of debt-relief alternatives can be confusing to consumers who simply
want to put an end to their credit troubles.

``In theory, consumers could do this on their own, but usually if they're in
this position, there are too many people to communicate with,'' said Plunkett.
``Most people forget how much they owe. They get very emotionally upset about
it. They're stressed because creditors keep calling them. At a certain point,
their instinct is just to hide.''

(714) 796-6749 or lmunoz@ocregister.com

DEBTOR

BEWARE

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              276 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Gonzo: Cardinals fans just the latest bandwagon-jumpers

BYLINE: By John Gonzalez; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 854 words


Seriously? The Arizona Cardinals are hosting the NFC championship game? Who saw
this coming? I'm honestly asking. Raise your hand if you anticipated this.

You there, in Scottsdale - put your hand down, sir. No one likes a liar, least
of all a liar with a leathery orange tan in the middle of January.

No, the venue for this game can't be a shock just to Birds fans - who no doubt
thought an Eagles win over the Giants would send the flock south for a meeting
with the Carolina Panthers. This has to come as a serious surprise to Cardinals
fans, too. All seven of them probably were planning on playing a little golf
come Sunday.

What? You think seven misrepresents the loyal Arizona backers out there? Maybe
you're right. That number is probably too high.

Before wild-card weekend, the Cardinals organization was practically begging
people to show up to watch the Other Birds take on Atlanta. In the run-up to the
game between the Cardinals and the Falcons, the NFL office had to extend the
deadline to buy tickets several times to ensure that the game would not be
blacked out in the Phoenix area. According to reports, a local pool company had
to snap up 3,000 tickets at the last minute.

Astonishingly, none of the newspapers out there went with the obvious headline:
"Pool company saves Cardinals from drowning." A missed opportunity.

What a difference two weeks can make. After the Cards surprised everyone and
dismissed the Panthers, Arizona sold out the NFC championship game in just six
minutes. Impressive. Especially since University of Phoenix Stadium - the one
that looks like something Calatrava might design after spending a month in the
Mojave Desert with no water - holds about 70,000 people. Even more impressive:
The good citizens of Arizona managed to jam everyone onto the bandwagon without
violating any fire codes.

All of which has me thinking. This may be the latest case of a fan base that
decided (coincidentally) to support its team only after it got good, but it's
not the most egregious example. Since the turn of the century, we've seen people
root for quite a few squads that previously were ignored. Here, then, are the
teams that inspired the Super Seven of Fraud Fans.

7. The Boston Celtics (2007-08): When the Sawks and Pats were playing, fans all
but ignored the C's. And when they didn't get the first pick in the draft and a
crack at Greg Oden, the Celtics were left for dead. Then they traded for Kevin
Garnett and Ray Allen, and suddenly a bunch of dudes named Sully were wearing
kelly green and watching basketball for the first time since Larry Legend went
back to French Lick. New England is a godless land, and not just because of the
frigid weather.

6. The Arizona Cardinals (2008-09): Most common question asked in Arizona before
the NFC championship: "Do you want my tickets for the Cardinals game?" Most
common answer: "Absolutely not."

5. The Philadelphia Soul (2008): You knew Philly was desperate for a
championship when we tried to feign excitement about the Arena Football League.
Casting our lot with Jon Bon Jovi still makes me feel dirty.

4. The Tampa Bay Rays (2008): Tropicana Field was largely empty for much of the
summer. Then the Rays won the American League, and suddenly the fans there were
buying up every cowbell on the East Coast. If you're going to jump on the
bandwagon, fine. Just don't bust our eardrums while you're at it.

3. The California/Anaheim/ Los Angeles Angels (2002): The organization changed
its name and adopted different areas of California - L.A. and Anaheim - to
manufacture enough interest to sell tickets. And I'm still convinced that the
Rally Monkey was a marketing tool to dupe unwitting Disney-goers into attending
games.

2. The Tampa Bay Lightning (2004): I considered going with the 2003 Florida
Marlins in this slot, or maybe the 2004 Miami Heat. The lesson here is that any
Sunshine State team will do. Floridians are good at professing love for their
teams at the last minute. (That, and they play some mean canasta.) You have to
hand it to the people of Tampa. Faking adoration for baseball or football is one
thing. Pretending to love hockey when it's 75 degrees outside and you could be
at the beach is far harder. It takes an especially committed phony to pull that
off.

1. Any playoff-bound Dallas Cowboys team: It's like Troy Aikman recently told
me: "Dallas people don't get that worked up about anybody." Until America's Team
makes the postseason, that is. Then they suddenly can't wait to hoot and holler
for the 'Boys. Pity that the bandwagon broke down this season before anyone had
a chance to hop on. Philly weeps for you, Dallas.


Andy Reid will drop the puck at Friday's Phantoms game. No, not the coach - a
local resident who has the same name. I love minor-league hockey gimmicks. . . .
To all of you who keep asking when I'll eat crow: rest easy. I'm looking into
some recipes (http://www.crowbusters.com/recipes.htm). Thanks to Bill Conlin for
passing it along. I think. . . . Must ESPN show a Duke game every Wednesday? It
gets tiresome.

Contact columnist John Gonzalez at 215-854-2813 or gonzalez@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 16, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Pitching pills that lighten wallets Weight-loss claims are way out of the
ballpark, researchers say

BYLINE: Nanci Hellmich

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 970 words


Consumer watchdogs and weight-loss researchers are up in arms
about a TV infomercial boasting that viewers can take two dietary
supplements, then eat what they want and "never, ever, ever,
ever have to diet again."

The half-hour advertisement for the supplements, Fat Trapper and
Exercise in a Bottle, stars retired baseball star Steve Garvey
and a nutritionist and features gorgeous people gobbling such
fatty foods as pizza and fried chicken.

The maker, Enforma Natural Products, says the ingredients in Fat
Trapper bind with fat, which is then excreted from the body, and
the substances in Exercise in a Bottle help people burn more calories
while standing still.

"This ticks me off," says James Hill, director of the Center
for Human Nutrition at the University of Colorado Health Sciences
Center in Denver. "They've taken a little bit of data and blown
it way out of proportion."


"They have so exaggerated the research -- the claims far exceed
what the research shows and misrepresent the safety of the products,"
says David Schardt, an associate nutritionist for the Center for
Science in the Public Interest, a Washington, D.C.-based consumer
group. He reviewed the research on the ingredients in the two
products for the July/August issue of the CSPI's Nutrition
Action Health Letter.

"I'm surprised the Federal Trade Commission hasn't stepped in,"
Schardt says.

An FTC spokesman, following standard policy, says the agency can
neither confirm nor deny any investigation.

Meanwhile, district attorneys with California's Sonoma and Napa
counties have filed lawsuits accusing Enforma Natural Products
of false and misleading advertising and unsubstantiated advertising
claims. A court rejected a request for an injunction to halt advertising
of the products; no trial date is set, but lawyers expect to go
trial by February.

Despite the battles, sales of the products are booming.

Drew Grey, CEO of the Encino, Calif.-based company, says more
than 500,000 people have bought the two products (two months'
worth sells for $ 69.95) since the infomercials began airing in
December on national cable and local broadcast stations.

The ads have been shown more than 23,000 times during the past
eight months, Grey says, and retail outlets are clamoring to sell
the products.

"We have over a hundred thousand customers who are reordering
the Enforma System every month because it works. It really works,"
Grey says.

Fat Trapper contains chitosan, a fiberlike substance made from
the shells of shellfish, and psyllium husks, a plant fiber. Exercise
in a Bottle contains several natural substances, including calcium
pyruvate, chromium picolinate, garcinia cambogia and ginkgo biloba.

A handful of small studies on chitosan showed inconsistent results,
Schardt says. "It's conceivable that it may have a small effect."

But the claim on the infomercial that dieters can take Fat Trapper
with chitosan and go out and eat anything they want has not been
substantiated, Schardt says.

He says there may be dangers to consuming chitosan. It may interfere
with the absorption of fat-soluble nutrients, such as vitamins
D and E, and fat-soluble drugs.

But others argue that the research on chitosan is promising.

Five Italian studies on people taking chitosan and eating low-fat,
low-calorie diets show that it can cause a statistically significant
effect on weight loss, says Alexander Schauss, director of the
American Institute for Biosocial and Medical Research in Tacoma,
Wash.

For the past few months, Schauss has been a consultant for Enforma,
reviewing the literature on the ingredients in the company's products.

He says one animal study showed that chitosan can affect the absorption
of some fat-soluble nutrients. That hasn't been shown in humans,
but it's possible, he says.

Enforma Natural Products says the main active ingredient in Exercise
in a Bottle is calcium pyruvate.

Schardt says studies on calcium pyruvate demonstrated a very small
weight-loss effect in patients who took much higher doses (in
one study, the dosage was 30 times greater) than what is in Exercise
in a Bottle.

Pyruvate is made by our bodies and found naturally in food, he
says.

Schauss agrees that the studies on calcium pyruvate have been
done using higher doses than what's in Exercise in a Bottle and
that studies on lower doses need to be done.

Two separate studies by U.S. researchers on garcinia cambogia,
another ingredient in Exercise in a Bottle, have shown that it
doesn't promote weight loss.

Steven Heymsfield, deputy director of the Obesity Research Center
at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital in New York, conducted one of
those studies and published it in the Journal of the American
Medical Association. He says, "It doesn't produce weight
loss, and it doesn't preferentially burn fat as often is touted
by some products."

Hill just completed a soon-to-be-published study of garcinia cambogia
and found that it has "no effect on burning fat and energy expenditure."

Dietary supplements are only loosely regulated by the Food and
Drug Administration and can go on the market without proof of
safety and effectiveness.

Heymsfield says supplements like the Enforma products that contain
several ingredients need their own studies.

"Unless they can show that the combination (of ingredients) promotes
whatever claim they are making, they can't extrapolate on the
effectiveness and safety from previous literature (on individual
substances). Ingredients can neutralize each other, interact with
each other -- or they may work even better together," Heymsfield
says.

Until studies on products are done, he says, "we have no idea"
how they work together.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Kevin Moloney; Eating it
up: Despite legal wrangling, Enforma is selling these products, claiming that
people can eat all they want of whatever they want and still lose weight.

TYPE: HEALTH AND BEHAVIOR

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              278 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 17, 2005, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

National Guard handles fair share in time of war

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 492 words

USA TODAY founder Al Neuharth misrepresents past as well as current National
Guard service in his recent Plain Talk column ("Guard's 'draft' duty in Iraq is
backfiring," The Forum, Friday).

The Guard is one of three components of our "all-volunteer force." Every member
joins of his or her own volition. The call to active-combat duty, while
certainly not pleasant, is a clearly defined portion of the voluntary obligation
taken by every member of the Guard.


Neuharth implies that Guard service has become part of a sinister scheme,
labeling it a "full-time, long-term draft." He ignores -- or is unaware of --
the Guard's participation in every major conflict in our nation's history.
Guardsmen today in Iraq are following in the footsteps of their predecessors at
Bunker Hill, Gettysburg, Omaha Beach, Seoul and Saigon.

Neuharth correctly notes the Guard's domestic mission under the command of the
nation's governors. This dual mission makes the Guard unique. It is also a great
source of pride. And Guard leaders -- the state adjutants general and the
National Guard Bureau -- strive to provide the personnel, equipment and
resources necessary to meet both state and federal commitments.

The current concern for adequate Guard resources to respond to state emergencies
is understandable; however, as of March 1, no state had more than 50% of its
Guard forces committed to the federal mission.

We are a nation at war. Our soldiers and their families make extraordinary
sacrifices. The discussion of whether to send our forces into harm's way should
never cease. But a proper understanding of the historic roles and missions of
those forces is an integral part of the debate.

One place to learn more about the Guard's 368-year history is our museum in
Washington. It would be our honor to guide Mr. Neuharth through the National
Guard Memorial Museum.

Stephen M. Koper

Retired brigadier general

Ohio Air National Guard

President, National Guard Association

Washington

Pricing Whole Foods

I am a devoted fan of Whole Foods and enjoy shopping there. However, it would
take a significant lowering of the store's overall prices before I could afford
to buy all of my groceries there ("A whole new ballgame in grocery shopping,"
Cover story, Money, March 9).

Rather than getting angry over the nickname "Whole Paycheck," Whole Foods
founder John Mackey should work harder to offer attractive prices to draw more
shoppers of modest means who crave natural and organic products.

Douglas Soucy

Seattle

Stewart's world

Reader Vivian Toss' assertion that Martha Stewart had it rough in her legal case
because she is a woman is a joke ("Noticeable gender bias," Letters, March 10).

If anything, Stewart has benefited from gender bias by winning sympathy because
she is a woman.

Would a man in Stewart's situation be lauded as a folk hero?

Hardly.

Duwayne Anderson

Saint Helens, Ore.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mackey

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              279 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 8, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Zarb Denies He Misled Ex-Football Star

BYLINE: By PATRICK McGEEHAN

SECTION: Section C; Page 18; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Dec. 7


Frank G. Zarb, the chairman of the organization that runs the Nasdaq stock
market, strenuously denied in court today that he intentionally misled Philip J.
McConkey, the former New York Giants football star, about a corporate buyout
that cost both men their jobs.

Mr. McConkey, who caught a touchdown pass for the Giants in the 1987 Super Bowl,
is suing Mr. Zarb, the insurance brokerage firm Alexander & Alexander Services
and the Aon Corporation, an insurance company that bought Alexander & Alexander
in 1997. He is seeking more than $10 million, contending that he would not have
taken a job with Alexander & Alexander in 1996 if Mr. Zarb had not dismissed
rumors that Aon was about to buy the company.

"The notion that I would misrepresent anything to any other human being to get
him to change employment is so far from reality" that it "defies imagination,"
Mr. Zarb testified in what he said was the first court appearance of his life.

"I would not have done that and did not do that," he said.

Mr. McConkey's complaint is being heard by a jury in the Superior Court of New
Jersey. The trial is expected to end by next week.

Mr. McConkey, who was in the courtroom today, met with Mr. Zarb in April 1996,
when Mr. Zarb was chairman and chief executive of Alexander & Alexander, which
was recruiting Mr. McConkey as a regional sales manager. Mr. McConkey took the
job in May and, seven months later, Aon announced it was buying the brokerage
firm for $1.23 billion.

Aon laid off Mr. McConkey in March 1997, and he has not worked in the insurance
business since then. He is now a football broadcaster and has a job with a
software company in Manhattan. Mr. Zarb left Alexander & Alexander to join the
National Association of Securities Dealers after collecting a $23 million
severance package.

A proxy statement that Alexander & Alexander filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission said that from January to May 1996, Mr. Zarb and Patrick G.
Ryan, Aon's chairman and chief executive, "discussed a possible business
combination," including an outright purchase by Aon. But Mr. Zarb said today
that he thought those talks "were dead" when he met with Mr. McConkey.

Mr. Zarb said he had not wanted to sell the firm but had wanted to build it by
acquiring insurance companies and brokerage firms. He said he had talked to the
chairmen of the Prudential Insurance Company of America and Jefferies & Company
about buying their brokerage units. But in the end, he said, Aon made an offer
that the directors of Alexander & Alexander decided to accept.

A spokesman for Frank E. Baxter, the chairman of Jefferies, said Mr. Baxter did
not recall any such talks. A Prudential spokesman declined to comment.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Frank G. Zarb is chairman of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, which operates Nasdaq. (Associated Press)


                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              280 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                October 1, 2001

Lawyers USA Illinois: October 1, 2001

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 225  words


A Chicago Little League coach who claims that the recent movie "Hardball"
misrepresents him and the Little League program can't prevent the movie from
showing in theaters, a U.S. District Court has ruled.

The movie, which stars Keanu Reeves, depicts a Chicago Little League coach as a
drunken compulsive gambler who scalps tickets. Coach Bob Musikowski says the
character was based on him and that the film is based on the nonfiction book
Hardball: A Season in the Projects by Daniel Coyle.

The book concerns the work of Musikowski and other volunteer Little League
coaches in the predominantly black housing projects on Chicago's West Side.

Musikowski filed suit against Paramount Studios seeking a temporary injunction
against the movie's release. He claims that the vulgar language used by the
children depicted in the movie is racist and unrealistic and that the movie
misrepresented and defamed him with a falsely negative portrayal.

Paramount denies that the character is based on Musikowski.

The court refused to ban theaters from showing the movie, saying that the
temporary restraining order Musikowski sought would violate the freedom of
speech of the film's makers and distributors.

Musikowski says he plans to go forward with his case, seeking monetary damages
for defamation and pledging to put any money he gets back into the West Side
community.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 18, 2004, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Math = Basics + comprehension

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 388 words

While a balanced article overall, USA TODAY's cover story, "Algebra's for
everyone now -- expectations are rising," (News, Thursday) misrepresents the
mathematics instruction advocated by the National Council of Teachers of
Mathematics (NCTM).

The story charges that the council "emphasizes critical and conceptual thinking
and practical problem-solving" at the expense of calculation and arithmetic
skills. That simply is not true. NCTM has always advocated that students master
basic facts and skills, and the council's "Principles and Standards for School
Mathematics" do not "de-emphasize" calculation and arithmetic skills.


However, NCTM believes that learning mathematics requires more than memorizing
facts and procedures. Students who memorize without understanding often are not
sure when or how to use what they know. Research has solidly established the
importance of conceptual understanding in becoming proficient in a subject.
Students with this understanding can solve problems they have not encountered
before.

Today's students need "basics" plus comprehension as they enter a world that
demands an understanding of data analysis, probability and odds, the stock
market and even the math found in charts and graphs in newspapers.

Cathy L. Seeley, president

National Council of Teachers

of Mathematics, Reston, Va.

Algebra is not essential

The story touting the incredible benefits of algebra for the masses is an
excellent example of rote education.

While some math is obviously useful for all of us, unless we're going to be
engineers, most of us can do all of the calculations we need to do, from age 8
to 80, with a calculator. I believe algebra's real attraction is principally to
"educators" who need a canned product to promote and convince us how
indispensable they are; it's part of a very dysfunctional education system.

What we really need -- and probably will find only with increased home schooling
-- is an emphasis on real-world thinking skills. Based on my real-world hard
knocks, I submit that we'd all be better served with well-taught history,
political science and philosophy courses. I've never wished for more math in
life's tight spots; but a passion for truth and an insistence on clear thinking
sure would've helped.

Thomas Casey

Buffalo, Wyo.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Forrest MacCormack for USA TODAY; Getting it right: Teacher
Valerie Stamper helps Daryll Hood, 16, with an assignment recently at Lake
Clifton Eastern High School in Baltimore.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              282 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 12, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

When Judges Make Foreign Policy

SECTION: Section MM; Column 0; Magazine Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 683 words


Noah Feldman frames his discussion of the Medellin v. Texas case in terms of
whether U.S. laws should supersede a decision by the International Court of
Justice (Sept. 28). I believe the issue was much narrower. The Constitution
clearly states that ''all treaties made . . . under the authority of the United
States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every state
shall be bound thereby, any thing in the Constitution or laws of any state to
the contrary notwithstanding.'' The Supreme Court should have ruled that the
Vienna Convention on Consular Relations was clearly the law of the land, and
that they themselves and the state of Texas were bound by the provisions of that
treaty, including the right of accused foreign nationals to consular access.
Both the U.S. Supreme Court and the state of Texas violated their constitutional
obligations with respect to Medellin.

Larry Bonar

Port Townsend, Wash.

Noah Feldman misrepresents the role of international tribunals and other
treaty-adjudication bodies. He states that conservatives believe that to sign on
to a treaty that includes binding arbitration ''confers future lawmaking
authority on some unelected and thus undemocratic body.'' International
tribunals and other such arbiters do not make law; they provide enforcement of
the law found in the treaties.

Peter Bauer

South Bend, Ind.

In deciding Lawrence v. Texas, Justice Anthony Kennedy did not rely on either an
''outward'' or ''inward'' looking Constitution. Rather, as Kennedy recognized,
the Constitution provides us with a uniquely ''American way'' of defining rights
and duties. That understanding, however, can be illuminated and defined, in
part, by the norms of international law.

The Constitution was a grand and ultimately successful experiment. In defining
our role in the international community, we must always begin with the
traditions and history that defined what it means to be an American.
International law, however, can and should play two important roles in the
process of constitutional interpretation. First, as suggested by Noah Feldman,
to the extent that international law is consistent with the ethos embodied by
the Constitution, it legitimizes the American polity. Second, as suggested by
Kennedy, international law is a useful tool in understanding and defining the
rights and privileges that should exist in any free state.

Devin Schindler

Associate Professor of Constitutional Law

Thomas M. Cooley Law School

Grand Rapids, Mich.

Noah Feldman describes the effort to dismiss John Yoo from the Berkeley law
school as ''shrill'' and ''unhelpful,'' a claim I found confusing. Does Feldman
believe that even if Yoo perpetrated war crimes by helping to establish a policy
that led to the torture of detainees, it would be unhelpful, for reasons that
Feldman fails to articulate, to oust him from his academic post? Or does Feldman
believe that the available material indicates that the charges against Yoo are
tendentious? My examination of the record, as amply documented in books by Jane
Mayer, Philippe Sands and Mark Danner, among others, suggests that there is more
than enough material against Yoo -- if not to strip him of tenure, then perhaps
to indict him as a war criminal.

Lawrence Douglas

James J. Grosfeld Professor of Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought

Amherst College

Amherst, Mass.

Noah Feldman's ''outward'' looking Constitution, spreading our freedoms
(especially free-market democracy) throughout the world, looks less like a
''liberal'' project and more like neocolonialism.

Barbara Stark

West Virginia College of Law

Morgantown, W.Va.

What is missing from Noah Feldman's article is any mention of unalienable
rights. It was this concept that made our revolution truly unique. The
Constitution did not give us our rights. We were endowed with our rights by
virtue of being human beings. If we are to return to our values, it means
recognizing the unalienable rights of all. We do this because this is who we
are, not, as Feldman suggests, for expediency.

Ron Moss

Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              283 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bus tour a joint effort for non-partisan reform

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 426 words


Sen. Bernie Sanders  misrepresents the "$10 Million a Minute" national bus tour
that is being launched  by the Comeback America Initiative.  The Peter G.
Peterson Foundation is not funding this tour at all -- not one cent. Instead,
the funding is coming from my own speaking and writing fees, and contributions
from others with varying political affiliations ("Skip gimmicks, focus on
richest paying fair share," Letters, Aug. 29).

The tour, which will educate voters on the enormous fiscal challenges we face,
also has the backing of prominent experts across the political spectrum,
including former Republican  senator Alan Simpson; former Clinton White House
chief of staff Erskine Bowles; former head of the Republican National Committee
Mel Martinez; and former head of the Democratic National Committee Ed Rendell.
The list goes on, but the point is clear: The $10 Million a Minute Tour has
strong bipartisan support in its effort to push for non-partisan solutions to
our fiscal mess.

We would welcome Sen. Sanders' support as well, and hope that he will set aside
his partisan and ideological approach and join us in our efforts to keep America
strong and the American dream alive for future generations.

David M. Walker

Bridgeport, Conn.

The writer is a former U.S. comptroller general and CEO of the Comeback America
Initiative.

Misguided college push

Of course there is a shortage of auto mechanics (and most, if not all, skilled
blue-collar technicians). We have been telling kids and their parents that
everyone absolutely must go to college  ("Mechanic supply running on E," Cover
story, Money, Thursday)!

Unfortunately, this has poorly served both society and our children. As a
professor (now retired), I spent more than three decades watching and helping at
least half my undergraduate students who struggled with college life and career
choices and who would have been better off at vocational schools or in
apprentice programs. Now we see the consequences. Good luck finding a competent
mechanic, plumber, or electrician the next time you need one -- and you will
need it!

Barlow Soper

Ruston, La.

Digital piracy is wrong

The  cause of "free" downloads is a lack of moral development that instills in
people the fact that taking something without compensation is stealing ("Real
cost of 'free' downloads," The Forum, Aug. 21).  It is  a fundamental failing of
our society. More laws will be useless unless this basic sense of morality is
re-instilled in  people. And if it is reignited, more laws will be unnecessary.

Rob Wardlow

Town of Cedarburg, Wis.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 24, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Packard Bell Faces a Joint Investigation

BYLINE: By Bloomberg Business News

SECTION: Section 1; Page 47; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 102 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE, Fla., June 23


The sales practices of Packard Bell Electronics Inc. are under investigation by
12 states trying to determine if the company deceptively markets personal
computers that contain used parts.

The joint investigation, led by Florida and Illinois, is trying to find out if
the company, which is based in Chatsworth, Calif., sells home computers as new
even if they contain parts from returned equipment, said Joe Bizzaro, spokesman
for Florida's Attorney General.

Investigators are also looking into whether the closely held PC maker
misrepresents the video-memory and graphics-resolution capabilities.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              285 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 24, 2004, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION

2 vets say Swift Boat group misrepresents them

BYLINE: Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 941 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Two of John Kerry's fellow swift boat commanders in Vietnam said
Monday that they have been misrepresented by a group of veterans and supporters
of President Bush who have attacked Kerry's war record. The men say they have
tried unsuccessfully for two weeks to get the group to change its Web site to
reflect their support for Kerry.

Meanwhile, President Bush told reporters at his Texas ranch that Kerry served
"admirably" in Vietnam. He called for a halt to all TV ads by outside groups
whether they attack Kerry or himself because "they're bad for the system."


Bush stopped short of condemning the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth or its claims
that Kerry lied about his war record in Vietnam. The group is funded by "soft
money" that is not regulated under campaign-finance laws. In calling for an end
to the attack ads by outside groups, the president said, "That means that (Swift
Boat Veterans) ad and every other ad."

Democrats say Swift Boat Veterans for Truth is a front group for the president's
campaign. The group and the Bush campaign say it is acting independently.

"It would make no difference if John Kerry were a Republican, Democrat or an
independent," said retired admiral Roy Hoffmann, the group's founder, "Swift
Boat Veterans would still be speaking the truth concerning John Kerry's military
service record in Vietnam, his actions after returning home and his lack of
qualifications to be the next commander in chief."

The latest exchanges come as the controversy continues to take over the
presidential campaign and threatens to hurt Kerry among veterans, a group he has
courted by emphasizing his service in Vietnam. The Democrat has argued that his
months as a swift boat commander in the Mekong Delta give him the military
credentials to be commander in chief.

Those credentials have been questioned by Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, whose
Web site shows a photo of Kerry with 19 officers from his division. The group
said only one man in the picture, Skip Barker, supports Kerry. Rich McCann and
Rich Baker are among four listed as "neutral."

But McCann, 60, a consultant from Chagrin Falls, Ohio, said he told the group he
was neutral about whether it used his picture. "I was never neutral about
(Kerry) as president," he said. "If the question is whether John Kerry is fit to
be commander in chief, my answer is absolutely."

Baker, 61, now a baker by trade, says he was never contacted by the group,
perhaps because he recently moved to Pittsburgh. Kerry is "very well fit for
command," he said. "He was one of the most courageous and aggressive swift boat
captains in the division."

Both men say they voted for Bush in 2000 but won't again. Neither accompanied
Kerry on the missions that led to his two awards for valor and three Purple
Hearts for injuries. Both said the men criticizing Kerry could have spoken up 35
years ago. Officers usually debriefed one another after missions before one of
them, usually the senior tactical officer, wrote the official after-action
report, they said.

The group's claim that Kerry made up reports of enemy fire during a March 1969
mission when Kerry pulled a Green Beret from a river and won the Bronze Star
doesn't make sense to McCann and Baker.

"The other officers would have had the opportunity to say at the debriefing,
'No, John, we weren't under fire,' " Baker said.

Members of Swift Boat Veterans for Truth have said they were unaware until years
later that Kerry had written about the incident.

Jim Russell, 60, of Telluride, Colo., was an eyewitness on a boat behind
Kerry's. In a conference call arranged by the Kerry campaign, he said accusers
"couldn't have seen if he was under fire" because Kerry's boat was in an ambush
zone farther down the river. Russell also said those who say Kerry's injuries
were too minor to merit the Purple Heart don't understand that Navy regulations
required all wounds be reported and treated. "If it got infected, you could be
court-martialed for not getting it treated," he said.

Former senator Bob Dole, who had questioned the severity of Kerry's wounds
Sunday on CNN, told Wolf Blitzer Reports that Kerry had called him Monday.

Dole said he was not trying to be mean-spirited in his remarks. "I was just
trying to say all these guys on the other side just can't be Republican liars."

Kerry surrogates continued Monday to call on Bush to repudiate the group. In the
conference call, Sen. Jack Reed, D-R.I., a West Point graduate and former Army
Ranger, compared the attacks to those on Sen. John McCain during the 2000
presidential primaries and then-senator Max Cleland in his 2002 re-election
campaign in Georgia. "It's a slur on everyone who served and who serves today,"
Reed said.

McCann said that he had admired many of the Swift Boat Veterans group's members
for 35 years. But their actions now are "suddenly breaking the bonds of our
brotherhood," he said.

McCann said he told Hoffmann a month and a half ago that he wanted nothing to do
with his group. He said he sent a letter to the group two weeks ago demanding
that it change its Web site. Hoffmann said Monday he would not do so until he
heard "directly" from McCann. "I've got to get it from him, not from some
newspaper," he told a reporter.

As of last night, the photo on the Swift Boat Veterans' Web site had not been
updated to reflect McCann's and Baker's support of Kerry.

The men spoke out as the group prepared a second ad called "Sellout" that
includes excerpts from Kerry's 1971 Senate testimony in which he spoke of
"atrocities" committed by U.S. forces in Vietnam.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Bradley C. Bower, AP; A crewmate defends Kerry: Del
Sandusky, who served on a swift boat with John Kerry, appears at a news
conference in Harrisburg, Pa., on Monday. Kerry deserved every one of his
medals," he said.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              286 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 9, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Quayle Distorts Democratic Platform on Gays;
Oregon Bashing

SECTION: Section A; Page 32; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 237 words


To the Editor:

"Behind the Hate in Oregon" by Michelangelo Signorile (Op-Ed, Sept. 3) grossly
misrepresents my state.

Yes, Springfield, Ore., did pass an antigay ordinance. This city has a voting
population of about 32,000, with maybe 19,000 voting at that election. The
population of Oregon is close to three million. The tiny percentage voting "yes"
at the Springfield election would hardly justify saying that "a once tolerant,
progressive state" is being transformed "into a repressive, frightful place" and
that we are embarking on "ethnic cleansing."

Yes, Lon Mabon and his Oregon Citizens Alliance are a vexing and narrow-minded
group that has raised havoc in various ways in my state. However, they do not
represent the thinking of the hundreds of thousands of fair-minded Oregonians.

I oppose ballot measure 9, as do Senators Mark Hatfield and Bob Packwood.
Contrary to the article, the chairman of the Oregon Republican party has
publicly denounced the Oregon Citizens Alliance and ballot measure 9. I do not
think it will pass.

This blanket indictment of Oregon and Oregonians belongs in the same trash can
with any statement that would say that all Californians are looters, throw fire
bombs and are bullies -- or that all New Yorkers gang-rape helpless females in
Central Park.

VICTOR ATIYEH
 Portland, Ore., Sept. 21, 1992
The writer was Governor of Oregon from 1979 to 1987.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              287 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 13, 1990, Saturday, City Edition

California board approves textbooks

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL DIGEST; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 489 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.; NEW YORK; WILMINGTON, Del.; PITTSBURGH; LAS VEGAS



The California Board of Education has approved a new series of history and
social science textbooks despite criticism that they understate or misrepresent
the roles in history of women and minority and religious groups. The books
hailed by scholars and state officials as the most balanced, thoughtful and
exciting schoolbooks ever made available to California children now can be
bought by local school districts for use in classrooms. The unanimous board
action Friday also has national significance because textbook publishers
throughout the nation have closely watched the debate in California, which
provides one-eighth of the national demand for textbooks.
 Key AIDS service
 to limit clientele
 NEW YORK Overwhelmed by a surge of desperate patients with nowhere else to
turn, the nation's oldest and largest AIDS service organization has decided for
the first time to limit access to new clients. Public-health officials
nationwide said they regard the action taken by the Gay Men's Health Crisis as
an ominous sign of economic hard times that will become even tougher for the
rising number of AIDS patients. Facing similar pressures, officials at clinics
in Washington, Boston, Los Angeles and other cities said they also may limit
services.
 Howard Hughes'
 estate settled
 WILMINGTON, Del.  Fourteen years after his death, the estate of billionaire
recluse Howard Hughes has been settled. Records show that $ 1.13-billion, the
bulk of Hughes' estate, was administered through Chancery Court by his cousin,
William R.  Lummas. The court approved the final accounting of the Delaware
administration of the estate Tuesday. Richard Sutton, an attorney for Lummas,
said that about $ 150-million in cash awaits distribution to Hughes' heirs
across the country. Hughes died in 1976 at the age of 72.
 Architect to build
 from Wright's plan
 PITTSBURGH An architect has proposed building a 12-story luxury apartment tower
using plans prepared and then abandoned by Frank Lloyd Wright 38 years ago.
Architect Louis Astorino told city officials he wanted to build the triangular
tower on the edge of Mount Washington, a cliff overlooking downtown and the
Monongahela River. The building would have 12 large apartments, one on each
floor, that would cost $ 1-million to $ 1.2-million each.  City officials
welcomed the plan. Wright, who died in 1959, conceived the project in 1952,
calling it "Point View Residences." It wasn't built because developers at the
time thought Mount Washington lacked the shops and services needed by the
building's future residents.
 Nuclear bomb test
 is seventh of year
 LAS VEGAS Scientists detonated a nuclear weapon Friday, delivering a blast that
was felt in Las Vegas high rises, 105 miles from ground zero. The test was the
seventh of the year and the third in three weeks at the Nevada Test Site.


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              288 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    August 18, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

NFL: McIver Denies Payment

BYLINE: SUN NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTS DIGEST; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: IRVING, Texas


In his first public comments since his neck was cut, Dallas Cowboys' offensive
lineman Everett McIver denied having been paid - or even asked - to remain
silent about the injury and didn't say whether Michael Irvin was involved.

"I have not received any payments, from anyone, in return for my silence as has
been inaccurately alleged," McIver said in a statement released through the team
Monday. "I have not been asked to withhold any information or testimony or to
misrepresent any of the facts of the incident."

The matter has been open to scrutiny since coach Chan Galley first described
McIver's injury as a result of "horseplay," then refused to give details.

Since then, several reports, all citing anonymous sources, have said Irvin cut
McIver with a pair of scissors during a scuffle over a haircut.

On Aug. 9, the Dallas Morning News reported that Jones brokered a deal in which
Irvin would pay McIver in the high six figures to keep quiet about what
happened. Jones and Irvin have strongly denied striking a deal.

- HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. -- Punter Brian Hansen, entering his 14th NFL season, was
traded by the New York Jets to Green Bay on Monday for undisclosed
considerations.

Hansen, who spent the past four seasons with the Jets, also has kicked for New
Orleans, New England and Cleveland.



LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 3, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

METRO DIGEST

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 563 words



HAITIAN MIGRANTS SETTLE IN, LOOKING BACK

The image of Haitians as boat people misrepresents the diversity of a small,
entrenched immigrant group concentrated in the New York and Miami metropolitan
areas. They include not only migrant workers in Homestead, Fla., but wealthy
doctors on Long Island, not only taxi drivers in Manhattan but college
professors in Washington. A1.

CUOMO STARTS CAMPAIGN WITH AN ATTACK

Gov. Mario M. Cuomo kicked off his campaign for a fourth four-year term with a
speech that included a list of accomplishments, an acknowledgement that he had
not reached all his goals, and a broad attack on Republicans, both in New York
and elsewhere, for practicing the politics of division. A1.

Some Democrats worried that they had done too much to protect incumbents. B5.

NEW YORK CITY

COMPUTER TO AID PENN STATION TRAINS

Like planes in an airport approach pattern, the 1,000 trains arriving at
Pennsylvania Station every day must wait their turn to enter. If one train is
late, then the trains behind it are also late. Then, Amtrak and the Long Island
Rail Road blame each other for delays. Now the railroads have taken a step
toward fixing the problem with a computerized control center. B2.

TEEN-AGE GIRLS SOUGHT IN CABBY'S KILLING

A man opened his door in East New York, Brooklyn, to see three upset teen-age
girls in his backyard. "We got to get out of here," he heard one say. He told
the girls that he had seen a police officer out front, and offered to call the
officer to assist them. Only when they ran did he realize that the officer might
have been looking for them. The police searched for the girls in the fatal
shooting of a livery-cab driver in what might have been a botched robbery. B3.

A PARKING SPACE BRINGS BACK MEMORIES

Observing the customary edict to be brief on an occasion where a full stand-up
routine might have been welcomed, the comedian Jerry Seinfeld spoke at Queens
College's commencement for only two minutes (and three jokes), telling the
graduates that one of his most poignant memories as a student there was the time
he found a parking spot near the campus. B3.

MAYOR SAYS 122 ON STAFF TO LOSE JOBS

The Giuliani administration said that it had dismissed 22 workers from the
Mayor's staff and would dismiss 100 more by the end of the month in an effort to
cut costs. Several people who had been dismissed, ranging from computer workers
and speech writers to personnel support staff, complained that the dismissals
were politically motivated. B3.

REGION

CHIEF'S ARREST STUNS A TOWN

For years, residents of Goshen, N.Y., have regarded their police chief as an
honorable man. Now the community is trying to reconcile that image of the chief
with 20 minutes of reckless driving during which, the authorities said, he
injured two people and later tried to kill himself. B5.

ILLEGAL DRIVERS ARE CAUGHT ON CAMERA

Nassau County authorities said they had arrested 20 drivers with suspended or
revoked licenses who had been caught on videotape driving under the most brazen
of circumstances -- to and from their appointments with probation officers. B5.

TRUMP PRESSES FOR THEME PARK

The developer Donald Trump went to the economically depressed city of
Bridgeport, Conn., to promote his proposal to build a $350 million amusement
park and seaport village. B5.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "PULSE: Air Travel" shows scheduled domestic and international
flights carrying passengers to and from local airportsin December of '92 and
'93. (Source: Port Authority of New York and New Jersey)

TYPE: Summary

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              290 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              April 5, 1998 Sunday

KOCH BROTHERS' LONG LEGAL BATTLE SET FOR JURY TRIAL STARTING MONDAY

BYLINE: Bob Cox, Knight Ridder News Service

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1608 words

DATELINE: WICHITA, KAN.


It has come down to this:

After 13 years of legal maneuvers, millions of dollars in lawyers' fees and lots
of hard feelings, the outcome of a complex $1 billion lawsuit between the
wealthy Koch brothers of Wichita is about to be placed in the hands of a dozen
Kansas citizens.

In a federal trial beginning Monday in Topeka, a jury will be asked to decide
whether Bill and Frederick Koch and several other stockholders were cheated in
1983 when they sold their shares in Koch Industries back to the company. Charles
and David Koch, top executives of the firm, are among the defendants in the
lawsuit.

Much of the courtroom evidence is expected to center on the production capacity
and financial performance of Koch Industries' oil refinery in Rosemount, Minn.,
during the early 1980s and on the validity of certain corporate financial
statements made during that time.

The jurors will be asked to consider complex financial data and arcane legal
arguments. They will hear from witnesses presenting highly technical analyses of
events that occurred more than a dozen years ago.

Attorneys for Bill Koch will try to prove that company officials intentionally
withheld or misrepresented vital financial information about the company at the
time of the buyout.

Trying to reach a verdict in such a knotty case may be an unenviable task.

"The plaintiffs' claims span a period of years," U.S. District Judge Sam Crow
wrote in a ruling on the case. "Each area of claims has its own group of
witnesses, most of whom are unable to recall the pertinent events and details
that occurred more than a decade ago.

"Consequently, both sides focus the dispute in many instances over the possible
interpretation of notes, reports, summaries and forms ... . There is little
about this case that is ordinary, plain or straightforward."

The sheer volume of legal paperwork filed with Crow's court is extraordinary.
Documents filed by both sides to argue a single motion take up more than 12 feet
of shelf space in the court's library.

Crow, who is described by attorneys as a methodical, meticulous and no-nonsense
jurist, will preside over the trial.

The lawsuit

The disputes between the Koch brothers - who have a combined fortune of more
than $5 billion - actually precede the lawsuit, which was filed in 1985.

Bill Koch, the youngest of the four brothers, tried to gain control of the
family business in 1980. Failing, he was fired by the board of directors. In
1983, Koch Industries paid almost $1.1 billion to buy the 47.8 percent of common
stock owned by Bill, Frederick and other dissident shareholders.

Two years later Bill filed a lawsuit, alleging that he had been cheated. He
charged that top Koch Industries officials committed fraud under both federal
and state laws by failing to disclose, or by misrepresenting, key information
about the company's finances, business operations and plans.

Bill is seeking at least $1 billion - covering the difference, with interest,
between what he and the others were paid for their shares in 1983 and what they
claim the stock was really worth.

Officials of Koch Industries say that Bill and the others were paid fairly and
deny that the plantiffs were misled.

Steve Ramirez, a Washburn University law professor and a former trial lawyer,
says the key to winning this kind of lawsuit is convincing a jury that someone
was harmed.

"It's going to be very hard for the jury to accept that someone who has gotten
$1.1 billion in cash was defrauded," Ramirez says.

Preparing for trial

Some of the nation's most talented and best-paid lawyers, investment bankers and
financial experts have been enlisted over the years to help advise the
plaintiffs and defendants.

They have examined the company's financial records and evaluated its assets,
issued opinions on the value of the company's stock and recommended negotiating
tactics to their clients.

Crow, who has overseen the Koch family's legal battles since Bill filed a
shareholder's lawsuit in 1982, set the trial date after sorting through claims
and counterclaims filed over the years. His challenge will be to make sure the
attorneys limit their arguments to the pertinent legal issues and to present
their evidence in a way that the jury can understand.

In a ruling last summer, Crow threw out most of Bill's allegations in the
lawsuit. But he left two principal questions for the jury to decide. They are:

*Did Koch Industries officials misrepresent or fail to disclose the true
production capacity and financial performance of the company's Pine Bend oil
refinery in Rosemount, Minn., as well as plans for expansion and other
improvements that would enhance the value of the refinery?

*Did Koch Industries officials misstate key items in their corporate financial
statements, so as to understate and misrepresent the company's profits and the
value of the stock?

Lawyers for the two sides naturally disagree on the merits of the case.

"We feel like we have a real strong case," says Fred Bartlit, a nationally known
trial lawyer who has represented Bill Koch since 1992.

Bob Howard, Koch Industries' lawyer, says the allegations are false and are
merely a cover for Bill Koch's greed and his continued animosity toward his
brothers.

"All of the other shareholders wanted to do the deal at $200 a share and Bill
went along with it," says Howard. "But he was dissatisfied and has been suing
ever since."

The attorneys were interviewed before Judge Crow's March 23 gag order in the
case, which prohibits either side from talking to the media.

Refinery is 'crown jewel'

Much of Bartlit's case revolves around Koch's Minnesota refinery, which he says
was "the crown jewel" of the company in the early 1980s, generating up to a
third of its revenues.

Bartlit contends that company officials violated the terms of the stock purchase
agreement by intentionally withholding key financial information from Bill and
the other dissidents.

If that information had been available, Bartlit will argue, his clients would
have been entitled to a substantially higher price than $200 a share.

Specifically, the plaintiffs' lawsuit charges that Koch Industries was operating
the refinery at a higher capacity than was disclosed; that plans to increase
production further were not disclosed; and that Koch officials also did not
disclose plans to reverse the flow of a pipeline that ran from the refinery to
the Des Moines area. That move eventually increased the potential market for the
refinery's gasoline, jet fuel and other products.

Howard maintains that all the information Bill and his advisers needed at the
time of the negotiations was provided by the company. Nothing, he says, was
withheld.

Howard also says that much of the information that Bartlit claims was not
provided to Bill's advisers had been discussed at various Koch Industries board
of directors meetings, which Bill regularly attended.

Proving the case

The burden of proving that Bill Koch was cheated will fall upon Bartlit. There
are a number of legal points he will have to demonstrate, including:

*That Koch Industries officials violated the terms of warranties contained in
the stock purchase agreement by failing to disclose changes in the company's
operations that would materially affect its future profitability and thus the
value of its stock.

*That valuable information was omitted or withheld from his clients and that
they had no other way of obtaining it.

*That the information withheld or not disclosed was "material" - important
enough so that not having it substantially affected the ability of the sellers
and their advisers to value Koch Industries accurately and determine a fair
price for their stock.

*That there was "clear and convincing evidence" of fraud and intent to commit
fraud on the part of Koch Industries officials.

Bartlit says that late in the 1983 negotiations, Bill Koch's advisers had sought
time to conduct additional research on Koch Industries' finances.

"Charles Koch and his side said the time for that had passed," Bartlit says.

Defending the case

Howard, a senior partner at the Wichita law firm of Foulston & Siefkin, was Koch
Industries' principal legal adviser during the 1983 negotiations. The company
was represented during the stock sale by Lehman Bros., the investment bank.

Howard will try to undermine the credibility of Bill Koch and his attorneys.

He will tell the jury that, during the stock negotiations, Bill was backed by a
lineup of top-notch legal and financial advisers. It would be hard, he will
suggest, to fool a group that included New York attorney Arthur Liman, who later
would gain fame as chief counsel to the U.S. Senate, which investigated Oliver
North in the Iran-contra hearings. Bill's team also included two investment
banking giants, Goldman Sachs of New York and Bain & Co. of Boston.

Howard also will tell the jury about the many lawsuits Bill has filed against
Koch Industries and his family since 1982, including one against his mother,
Mary Koch, challenging charitable gifts made by a family foundation she
controlled. Bill also challenged Mary Koch's will after she inserted a provision
that effectively disinherited any son who had a lawsuit pending against another
brother.

Attorneys for both sides say they are confident that it will be possible to find
a jury of 12 people who will listen to the evidence both critically and
carefully and make what they believe is the right decision.

"We are the ones who demanded the jury," says Bartlit. "All we can ask for is a
fair trial before a jury."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos:
Bill Koch
Charles Koch

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

7-16 letter to the editor

BYLINE: opinion

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to Editor; Pg. 7-16 Letters to the editor

LENGTH: 869 words


Carol

Mathia

Cheyenne

George W. Koehn's "House

Dems

ignore U.S. cherished right to own guns" misrepresents the majority of people in
favor of some gun control. He is correct in stating that the Democrats' sit-in
is against the rules of order. But sometimes such a move is justified. Even
before the Orlando massacre, a CNN/ORC poll showed Democrats (85%), independents
(65%), Republicans (51%), and gun owners (57%) were in favor of some gun
controls.

Since our representatives are voted in to represent us, and the Republicans
refused to do so by not bringing gun control to a vote, the Democrats had no
choice but to try to force a vote through a sit-in.

Mr. Koehn says that Obama's stimulus plan (American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act) was unsuccessful. Granted it is difficult to measure the effect. Michael
Graber wrote "Money Well Spent

?:

The Truth Behind the Trillion Dollar Stimulus, the Biggest Economic Recovery
Plan in History." He says people's take on the stimulus' success or lack of is
polarized. Some citizens felt it did not do enough while others felt they
benefited. Graber said, "An incorrect assumption is that the stimulus package
just filled potholes and didn't create any lasting legacy. There are some very
big projects we'll be able to look back on 75 years from now and say, 'that was
because of the stimulus.' The Fourth Bore, the Caldecott Tunnel in Oakland in
its suburbs, the Cleveland Inter-belt Bridge got $79 million to replace this
50-year-old bridge in downtown Cleveland, and South Dakota is building a tribal
school for the Sioux tribe's Crow Creek reservation.

In New York, Moynihan Station, the Second Avenue subway, Staten Island's ferry
terminal, the Fulton Street transit center; these are big projects that got a
significant chunk of money and now can go forward in a bigger way."

Mr. Koehn also criticizes the Affordable Care Act. A June 2016 Kaiser Health
poll showed that 42% were in favor of ACA while 44% were not. The Huffington
Post says these figures can be misleading. The ACA is full of complicated
legislation and many of those against it may be so because they do not know
enough about it.

When asked, 85% are in favor of the ACA allowing pre-existing conditions, 66%
are in favor of being allowed to keep children on their plan until they are 26,
and 77% are in favor of closing the Medicare prescription drug coverage gap.

Mr. Koehn says, "A kitchen knife?a pressure cooker?will be every bit as lethal
as any .223 AR-15 style semiautomatic rifle." The pressure cooker bombs used in
the Boston marathon massacre killed 3 and injured more than 140; whereas, the
Orlando Pulse massacre killed 49 and injured 53. I seriously doubt that a
kitchen knife could have killed 49 and injured 53 in the same time as the
Orlando Pulse massacre. Just because other weapons can also kill, it does not
follow that assault weapons should not be banned. We mandate wearing seat belts
because they usually save lives in car accidents even though they do not save
all lives.

Anthony Sacco

Cheyenne

For several years, serious questions were raised about ISIS and other terrorist
groups' intentions regarding carrying out attacks in the United

States.Many

were asking, "Can they do it?" Those questions have now been answered. Contrary
to what many of our leaders were saying, recent events have shown that we are
vulnerable.

It's been years since the horrific 9/11 tragedy, but we still have unsecured
borders, north and south; and unprotected ports, east and west. And we still
have only a partial system of tracking foreigners who come here legally with
passports or visas, and then disappear.

All that makes me wonder what our leaders are doing? They're getting paid well,
but they do not seem to be dealing with the REAL problems facing our nation. I'm
NOT referring to Obama and HIS administration; they are simply a bunch of
incompetents who do not have the best interests of the United States at heart,
and do not seem to know what to do or how to govern. I'm talking about the
majority of Democrats and Republicans in Congress, for example, who drag down a
monthly paycheck and expense money, but do not follow through with anything.

Securing our southern border is an example. A law was passed, money
appropriated, a fence was supposed to have been built and the border secured
with the latest technology and enough manpower to stop illegal Mexicans, Central
and South Americans, Muslims and drug and human smugglers from entering; little,
if anything has been done.

Meanwhile hundreds, if not thousands pour into our country every week. The Open
Borders crowd and the Anti-Sovereignty crowd crow openly, as our borders are
violated and our sovereignty is destroyed.

Joe Elkins

Cheyenne

Over the past few years I had numerous occasions to visit, both in person and
via telephone, with Mr. Reed

Eckhardt

while he was editor of the opinion page of the WTE. Reed and I did not always
see eye to eye on everything, but then I have never heard of any two people who
did.

In dealing with Reed, I always found him to be honest, fair, knowledgeable and
pleasant to visit with. It is my not so humble opinion that Reed

Eckhardt

would be a great asset to the city of Cheyenne as a member of the city council.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 19, 2012 Monday

Massachusetts: Drugmaker to Pay Massachusetts $2.1 Million as Part of National
Settlement Over Diabetes Drug

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: Boston


Office of the Attorney General, State of Massachusetts has issued the following
news release:

Attorney General Martha Coakley's Office has joined 37 other states in a $90
million settlement with GlaxoSmithKline LLC, resolving allegations that the
pharmaceutical company unlawfully promoted its diabetes drug, Avandia, by
misrepresenting its cardiovascular risks and safety profile. The settlement will
bring more than $2.1 million to the Commonwealth.

"When pharmaceutical companies misrepresent the safety of their drugs, they put
patients at risk," AG Coakley said. "This settlement helps ensure that consumers
will be protected from misleading marketing that can result in the unsafe use of
prescription drugs."

In order to increase their sales of Avandia in Massachusetts, the AG's Office
alleges that GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) promoted the diabetes drug to physicians and
other health care providers with false and misleading representations about its
safety and misrepresented the drug's cardiovascular benefits when, in fact, the
drug may instead increase risks.

Under the terms of the consent judgment, filed today in Suffolk Superior Court,
GSK will pay more than $2.1 million to the Commonwealth including $100,000 for
fees and investigative costs. The remaining funds will pay for programs that
lower health care costs for Massachusetts residents, combat unlawful marketing
practices in the health care market, or benefit health care consumers.

As part of the settlement, GSK agreed to reform how it markets and promotes
diabetes drugs, and is prohibited from:

Making any false, misleading, or deceptive claims about any diabetes drug;
 Making comparative safety claims not supported by substantial evidence or
substantial clinical experience;
 Presenting favorable information previously thought of as valid but rendered
invalid by contrary and more credible recent information;
 Promoting investigational drugs; or
 Misusing statistics or otherwise misrepresenting the nature, applicability, or
significance of clinical trials.

The consent judgment also imposes, for at least eight years, a number of
requirements regarding GSK's publication of the results of its studies,
including that it register and post all GSK-sponsored clinical trials as
required by federal law.

This consent judgment is in addition to a settlement announced in July when AG
Coakley obtained more than $35 million from GlaxoSmithKline, on behalf of the
Massachusetts Medicaid Program, due to its unlawful marketing of a number of
drugs, including Avandia.

Attorneys General from the District of Columbia and the following states also
participated in today's settlement: Oregon, Illinois, Arizona, Florida,
Maryland, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, California,
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Michigan,
Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, North Carolina,
North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Vermont, Washington,
and Wisconsin.

Assistant Attorney General Eric Gold of Attorney General Martha Coakley's Health
Care Division handled the settlement for the Commonwealth.

For more information please visit: http://www.mass.gov

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 29, 2003, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Suffering animals are lucky to have PETA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 490 words

Thanks for letting PETA correspondent Kathy Guillermo set the record straight
regarding PETA's "Holocaust on Your Plate" exhibit ("Commentary misrepresents
PETA's beliefs," Letters, Thursday).

As a Jew, what I find outrageous is not PETA's chutzpah, but rather the
unthinkable cruelties inflicted upon more than 10 billion animals raised for
food in America every year. Anything goes -- including intense confinement,
bodily mutilations done without anesthesia, dismemberment while fully conscious
and being boiled alive. This modern-day holocaust takes place behind closed
doors.


The animals are lucky to have PETA pushing the envelope to call attention to
their plight.

Stewart W. David

Asheville, N.C.

No comparison to Holocaust

It is unfortunate and embarrassing that PETA correspondent Kathy Guillermo
equates the suffering and murder of Jews in the Holocaust to the harvesting of
animals that provide us with food.

This is just another try in a long line of attempts to drum up support for PETA
through the use of sensational, unfounded and downright silly claims.

Why don't PETA and Guillermo stop embarrassing themselves and stick to harassing
cities with "non-PETA friendly" names, such as Hamburg, N.Y.?

Patrick Immel

Maryville, Mo.

Let people decide

Excellent Opposing View by Cato Institute's Stephen Moore on the issue of tax
cuts and the government's spending deficit. I agree wholeheartedly that there
need to be more tax cuts and some major reductions in federal government outlays
("Focus on growth, not deficit," Thursday).

Tax cuts are a basic issue of liberty. The ability to choose how to spend one's
earnings is one of the most basic liberties we have. We shouldn't forget what
has made this country great and its people strong: freedom.

Chris Waldorf

Atlanta

A voice for Botox

Thank you for bringing the wonderful drug Botox to the attention of your
readers. I think most people just knew it as the wrinkle drug. But Botox
injections were the miracle treatment for my severe spasmodic dysphonia, a
chronic voice disorder ("The little neurotoxin that could," Cover story, Life,
April 21).

As a teacher, my voice was very important to me. I flew to University of
California-San Diego every four months to have Botox injected into each side of
my larynx. My treatments began in the early 1990s and continued until I had
sucessful nerve surgery in 2002. I spoke with ease and clarity for three to four
months before I needed new injections.

Thank God for the scientists and doctors who developed and use the toxin, and
shame on those of you who waste this precious drug on cosmetic use. The small
amounts injected into my neck gave me a new voice; the large amounts injected
into wrinkled faces deplete the supply of toxin. Maybe our society should
reconsider its priorities.

Nancy Weatherspoon

Deer Harbor, Wash.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              294 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 2, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

A scam in any language;
 Preying on Hispanics: Notaries posing as lawyers take advantage of Spanish-
speaking immigrants.

BYLINE: Mark Bixler, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1985 words

When Eduardo Arteaga needed a lawyer's help with immigration paperwork, he took
the advice of friends and went to an office in Athens. He said he paid $ 1,400
to a notary public, who promised to fill out forms that would let Arteaga's wife
and three teenage sons continue to live legally in the United States.

Arteaga, 44, a carpet mill worker from Hall County, thought he was in good hands
because a notario publico --- notary public --- is a prestigious,
government-appointed lawyer in his native Mexico. He didn't know that almost
anyone in Georgia with $ 15 and two references can become a notary.

State and federal authorities and Latino advocates say they're seeing a growing
number of people advertising themselves as immigration consultants, some of whom
try to make money off Georgia's growing Hispanic population by offering services
they're not qualified to perform. Among them are some who call themselves
notarios and claim to do the work of a lawyer.

Rick Kenney, a spokesman for the Executive Office for Immigration Review in
Washington, a federal office that oversees immigration courts nationwide, said
immigrants fall victim to such scams all across the United States. Consultants
with questionable credentials take money from immigrants and promise to deliver
a work permit, permanent residency status or other benefits. Sometimes they keep
the money and do nothing, he said. Other times, they file paperwork that
actually gets an immigrant kicked out of the country.

"I see cases like this all over the country," Kenney said. "The real problem is
that these people work in the shadows."

Several metro Atlanta businesses advertise as notarios in Spanish-language
newspapers. A recent edition of Mundo Hispanico, a weekly Spanish-language
paper, had at least four ads for notarios who also sell airplane tickets,
translations, phone cards, "international driver's licenses" and money-wiring
services. A notario ad in La Voz del Pueblo, another Spanish-language weekly,
said, "We fill out immigration forms, including photos."

In parts of metro Atlanta with a large Hispanic population, signs advertising a
"Notario Publico" hang outside several pawn shops, grocery stores and other
businesses.

California, Florida and Texas, states with large Hispanic populations, have laws
prohibiting immigration consultants from advertising as notarios. An effort to
do that in New York this year failed in the state senate.

In Texas, like most other states with similar statutes, the law says notaries
who advertise in a language other than English must include this sentence, in
English and the language of the ad: "I am not an attorney licensed to practice
law in Texas and may not give legal advice or accept fees for legal advice."

Laws against advertising as a notario also are on the books in Oregon and Utah.

In Georgia, where the Hispanic population --- now estimated at 2.8 percent - --
doubled in the 1990s, authorities only recently have noticed the problem and
have not yet found a way to combat it.

Kenney said immigration judges in Atlanta began to notice an increase a few
years ago in the number of people with questionable credentials charging big
bucks for legal advice, a risky and sometimes illegal proposition in the
exceedingly complex and ever-changing world of federal immigration law.

"All the judges are concerned," he said. "It is a problem."

Judge William A. Cassidy, a federal immigration judge in Atlanta, began to
notice a few years ago an increase in the number of immigrants filing shoddy
applications for immigration benefits, Kenney said. Many asked for a work permit
or permanent residency, but the requests were so poorly prepared that their
chances were slim.

Cassidy, who referred questions to Kenney, talked with lawyers and began to quiz
immigrants in his courtroom, Kenney said, and got a crash course in the illicit
business of some notarios and fly-by-night immigration consultants.

Carolina Colin-Antonini, an immigration attorney, recalled sitting in
immigration court and watching as Judge Cassidy asked the packed courtroom how
many people had visited a notario.

"Some days it was 90 percent of the people," she said.

Sue Colussy, a lawyer who runs a low-cost immigration clinic at Catholic Social
Services, said her office sees 200-300 people a year who are in deportation
proceedings because of poor work done by notarios.

Prosecutors in Georgia say notarios and other immigration consultants sometimes
break a state law against improperly acting as an attorney, but very few are
ever brought to court. Prosecutors say immigration-fraud cases are hard to prove
and that many immigrants decline to press charges. Immigrant advocates say that
county solicitors --- elected officials who handle misdemeanor cases such as
unauthorized practice of law --- have not made it a priority to crack down on
fraudulent immigration consultants.

"It's really hard to get the solicitors to prosecute them," Colussy said.

Legislators in California require immigration consultants to post a $ 50, 000
bond against which a victim can collect damages, and a legislator there wants to
increase the maximum penalty for fraudulent immigration consultants from $
10,000 to $ 100,000.  A few months ago, a task force in Los Angeles pledged a
far-reaching sweep that would lead to "a wave of prosecutions" of immigration
consultants who operate illegally.

In Arizona, a legislator wants to make it a felony for notarios to fill out
immigration forms.
Preying on the vulnerable

Without such specific laws in Georgia, immigrants who believe a notary or
consultant has taken advantage of them have two choices: try to get their money
back themselves or hope state or federal prosecutors enforce existing laws.
There are problems with each option.

Arteaga said he has driven to Athens nearly 10 times --- two hours round- trip
each time --- to ask for his money back. He said he also has called several
times but always gets the runaround. "I want my money back," he said. "He didn't
do nothing --- nothing, nothing, nothing."

An informal survey of solicitors in Cobb, DeKalb, Fulton, Gwinnett and Hall
counties turned up few prosecutions, even though demographers estimate those
counties have as much as 58 percent of Georgia's Latino population.

Carmen Smith, the Fulton County solicitor, and Barry Morgan, the Cobb County
solicitor, said they are aware that some immigration consultants are charging
for services they're not qualified to perform, but that victims are not likely
to come forward.

Lance J. LoRusso, a former investigator for Morgan's office, said some notarios
target illegal immigrants, knowing the victims will not draw attention to
themselves by calling police.

"The only reason they are chosen is because they are vulnerable," he said. "
People who are here illegally are obviously candidates for fraud because they
are afraid to go to the police.

"This is really more widespread than people realize," LoRusso said.

A few years ago, Hall County prosecutors charged a law firm secretary with
posing as a lawyer, but she fled to Mexico to avoid charges, said Inez Grant, a
former assistant solicitor in Hall County. More recently, a Cobb grand jury
indicted Harris L. Holliday, also known as Harvey Holliday, on four felony
charges of theft by deception in an immigration case. The Feb. 17 indictment
alleges the Marietta resident, who runs a business called Legal Arbitration
Mediation Services, charged more than $ 2,000 and promised to get visas or
permanent resident status for nine Hispanics.

The indictment says he posed as an attorney and promised to perform services ---
applying for visas and permanent resident status --- that "he did not intend to
perform and knew would not be performed."

Holliday, who has not entered a plea, did not return a reporter's phone calls.
In 1998, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Atlanta prosecuted Noel Rowe, 45, of Los
Angeles, claiming he had charged undocumented Hispanics $ 2,000 for a bogus
passport stamp that implied to the illegal immigrants that they had the
government's permission to stay in the United States. Two victims told the INS
they believed Rowe was a lawyer. Rowe pleaded guilty to having fake immigration
and identification documents and encouraging illegal immigrants to stay in this
country. A judge sentenced him to 2 1/2 years in prison.

Federal prosecutions increased in Arizona, California, New York and Texas -- -
where about 65 percent of the nation's Hispanics live --- after U.S. Attorney
General Janet Reno called attention to immigration consultants in 1997. She
directed federal officials to devise strategies to combat immigration-related
fraud. They called for closer cooperation between state and federal authorities
and the creation of public-service announcements about notarios in Spanish.

Acting on the mistaken belief that someone is an attorney can cost some
immigrants their legal status, as it did with Miguel Pichardo, a 37-year-old
pest-control worker from Guerro, Mexico, who entered the United States on a
tourist visa in 1998.  While Pichardo was living in Cherokee County, an employer
promised him a job if he got a work permit. Neighbors steered him to a man
working from an office in Cobb County. "He said he was a lawyer," Pichardo said.

He said the man, whom he later found out was not a lawyer, filled out
immigration forms and claimed to have mailed them to the INS. Pichardo never got
his work permit. While he was waiting, his visa expired and he became an illegal
immigrant, one of the reasons he did not call police.

Pichardo, who moved to Maryland this month, said he paid the man $ 2,400, almost
10 percent of the $ 26,000 he earned in two years in Cherokee. "I never received
anything," he said.
Little enforcement

Some Georgia groups have taken steps to fight fraudulent immigration
consultants.

The Georgia Superior Court Clerks Cooperative Authority has told the 80,000
Georgia notaries it licenses that notaries in other countries often have "
broader legal power" and that the word "notary" can confuse Hispanics. The
authority warned notaries to avoid performing legal services, such as giving
immigrants legal advice about which immigration programs to apply for to receive
certain benefits.

But in cases where a notary public does something illegal, the authority cannot
revoke the notary's commission. That job falls to the clerk of Superior Court in
the county in which a notary is commissioned.

Clerks, however, rarely receive or act on such complaints, said Mike Smith, a
spokesman for the clerks authority.

"I couldn't tell you the last time that happened," he said.

The Georgia Council of Notaries referred calls on the subject to the authority.

Members of the Georgia Hispanic Bar Association, a group of about 100 Latino
lawyers, have met with local prosecutors to urge stronger enforcement of laws.
They also have warned about fraud on Spanish-language radio stations and
newspapers in metro Atlanta.

Teodoro Maus, Mexican consul general for Georgia and three neighboring states,
said he would like to see "much stronger cooperation" between police,
prosecutors and Latino advocates.

"I think many solicitors and lawyers and the government would be really upset if
they knew how widespread this is," Maus said.

Arteaga, meanwhile, gave up on getting help from a notary. He decided to fill
out the immigration paperwork himself for his wife and sons --- difficult for
him because the forms are in English --- and he is waiting for an answer.

It was only after he paid a notario $ 1,400 a few months ago, he said, that he
stumbled upon a footnote to his troubles: His nephew had paid about $ 600 to the
same notario for a work permit that never came.

"They're no good," said Arteaga's brother, Juan. "They just make money for
themselves."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Teodoro Maus, Mexican consul general, wants action taken against notaries who
misrepresent themselves. / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff
Graphic
HELP AVAILABLE
How to file a complaint:
Complaints about a notary public can be filed with the Georgia Superior Court
Clerks Cooperative Authority at 404-327- 6023 or 1-800-304-5175. They also can
be filed with the clerk of Superior Court in the county in which the notary
operates.
If an immigration consultant appears to have violated a state law against acting
as an attorney, notify the solicitor in the county in which the consultant
operates.
What notaries public do:
For a description of the legal duties of a notary public in Georgia, call the
Georgia Superior Court Clerks Cooperative Authority at 404-327-6023 or
1-800-304-5175 or check its Web site at
http://www.gsccca. org
Where to get legal advice about immigration:
Immigrants can get free or low-cost legal advice in metro Atlanta at:
The Latin American Association, which sees clients at its main office at 2665
Buford Highway N.E. beginning at 8:30 a.m. weekdays. Information: 404-638-1800.
Catholic Social Services. Walk-in clients are seen each Tuesday and Thursday at
680 W. Peachtree St. N. W. in downtown Atlanta. Information: 404-885-7471 or
404-885-7461.
The Mexican Consulate at 2601 Apple Valley Road in Atlanta. The office provides
advice for Mexican nationals. Information: 404-266-2233.
Photo
Aggrieved: Eduardo Arteaga says he paid $ 1,400 to a notary for legal work, but
got nothing. /RICHARD FOWLKES / Staff
Photo
This sign, in a metro Atlanta Latino grocery store, says "income taxes, notary
public, translations, auto titles and license plates, airplane tickets, auto
insurance, immigration papers." /RICHARD FOWLKES / Staff

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              295 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 12, 1992, Thursday, City Edition

Pulte verdict rejected by judge

BYLINE: BRUCE VIELMETTI

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



A federal judge on Wednesday threw out last week's $ 6.25-million jury verdict
for Pulte Home Corp. in its lawsuit over defective roofing plywood.

    U.S. District Judge Clarence Newcomer agreed with attorneys for Osmose Wood
Preserving Inc. that Pulte had failed to prove the kind of damages required to
support a negligence action.

    Troy Holland, a St. Petersburg attorney for Buffalo, N.Y.-based Osmose, said
Pulte's losses were economic only, and therefore should be addressed in a
different kind of lawsuit, using rules pertaining to contracts.

    "Our position is still that we were not negligent, and did not misrepresent
the product," Holland said.

    Osmose made a chemical used by other firms to make roofing plywood
fire-resistant. But the plywood began crumbling in relatively new condominiums,
townhouses and apartments all over the eastern United States. There are dozens
of other lawsuits pending by builders against companies that treated or sold the
defective plywood.

    Last week, lawyers for Pulte and a consultant to other builders said the
jury verdict would probably speed settlement of many of the other cases. Pulte's
lawyers could not be reached Wednesday, but Holland said he expected Pulte to
appeal Newcomer's ruling in favor of Osmose.

    While the jury found that Osmose had essentially defrauded its customers
with claims about the fire-retardant chemical in the early 1980s, Holland said
Wednesday that no one in the industry knew at the time that the chemical could
cause premature collapse of the plywood.

    "There's no question some wood went bad," Holland said. "But we still
believe it wasn't our chemical's fault. It could be in the treatment process, or
later handling of the plywood."

    Pulte's attorney said last week that the Michigan-based company had notified
16,000 homeowners in five states about the possible roof problems, and spent
about $ 42-million inspecting and repairing about 8,500 bad roofs.

    The nine-day trial ended last Thursday, when the jury found Osmose had been
negligent, and had misrepresented the product to users. Two other defendant
companies settled with Pulte before the trial began.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              296 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                    Cardline

                            February 19, 2010 Friday

Debt Settlement Firms Sued

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 10 No. 8

LENGTH: 303  words


Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan sued seven debt settlement firms and six
of their executives, alleging the firms misrepresent their services to consumers
as a way to boost credit scores.

Each of the four complaints alleges the defendants violated the Illinois
Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act by practicing deceptive
marketing and charging excessive fees.

Each complaint asks the court to prohibit the defendants from engaging in debt
settlement in Illinois and orders the defendants to pay restitution to
consumers. That restitution includes civil penalties of $50,000 for violating
the Consumer Fraud Act, another $50,000 penalty for each violation committed
with the intent to defraud and a $10,000 penalty per violation committed against
a person 65 or older.

The defendants are: Clear Your Debt LLC, Swiftrock Financial Inc. and Orion
Processing LLC - based in Austin and Lago Vista, Texas - and their managing
members, Derin Scott and Shannon Scott; Endebt Solutions LLC of Long Beach,
Calif., which does business as DebtOne Financial; Debt Consultants of America
Inc. in Dallas and its owner Robert J. Creel; American Debt Arbitration in
Clearwater, Fla., and its president and director, Glenn P. Stewart; and
Nationwide Asset Services Inc. in Phoenix, along with its president, William
Anderson, and Gary K. Brown, a secretary and director at the firm.

"After enrolling in a debt-settlement program, consumers too often find
themselves in even worse financial straits," said Madigan, who filed the suits
Wednesday in Sangamon County Circuit Court.

Last month, Madigan's office proposed legislation that would prohibit debt
settlement firms from charging up-front fees, basing final compensation on the
amount saved from settling a debt, and advising consumers to stop paying their
creditors.

URL: http://www.cardline.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

Debt Settlement Firms Sued

BYLINE: CollectionsCreditRisk.com

SECTION: CARDS; Pg. 5 Vol. 175 No. F306

LENGTH: 303  words


Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan sued seven debt settlement firms and six
of their executives, alleging the firms misrepresent their services to consumers
as a way to boost credit scores.

Each of the four complaints alleges the defendants violated the Illinois
Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act by practicing deceptive
marketing and charging excessive fees.

Each complaint asks the court to prohibit the defendants from engaging in debt
settlement in Illinois and orders the defendants to pay restitution to
consumers. That restitution includes civil penalties of $50,000 for violating
the Consumer Fraud Act, another $50,000 penalty for each violation committed
with the intent to defraud and a $10,000 penalty per violation committed against
a person 65 or older.

The defendants are: Clear Your Debt LLC, Swiftrock Financial Inc. and Orion
Processing LLC - based in Austin and Lago Vista, Texas - and their managing
members, Derin Scott and Shannon Scott; Endebt Solutions LLC of Long Beach,
Calif., which does business as DebtOne Financial; Debt Consultants of America
Inc. in Dallas and its owner Robert J. Creel; American Debt Arbitration in
Clearwater, Fla., and its president and director, Glenn P. Stewart; and
Nationwide Asset Services Inc. in Phoenix, along with its president, William
Anderson, and Gary K. Brown, a secretary and director at the firm.

"After enrolling in a debt-settlement program, consumers too often find
themselves in even worse financial straits," said Madigan, who filed the suits
Wednesday in Sangamon County Circuit Court.

Last month, Madigan's office proposed legislation that would prohibit debt
settlement firms from charging up-front fees, basing final compensation on the
amount saved from settling a debt, and advising consumers to stop paying their
creditors.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 7, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Foreign Flowers Are Clipping the U.S. Market

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 594 words


To the Editor:

James Bovard misrepresents reality in his pre-Valentine's Day article about the
penalties and duties on imported flowers that are being considered by the United
States International Trade Commission (Op-Ed, Feb. 6).

''Uncle Sam,'' he begins, ''may soon sabotage St. Valentine's Day.'' Uncle Sam
doesn't want to do anything. The laws of this country prohibit ''dumping''
foreign merchandise - that is, selling it at less than the cost of production in
the country of origin, plus the cost of getting it to this country. Evidence
presented to the Commerce Department proves time and again that flowers are
''dumped'' in Miami for less than it costs to grade, pack and ship them. Many
times they are sold free on board Miami for less than the cost of getting
flowers from Miami to the final U.S. destination. Flower growers in this country
have to push Uncle Sam extremely hard to get these laws enforced because that
interferes with State Department political objectives.

The illegal subsidies to foreign growers, such as tax rebates, that Mr. Bovard
refers to violate trade agreements designed to prevent producers abroad from
enjoying subsidies that reward production for export as opposed to consumption
in the country of origin. The remedy provided by law is to apply
''countervailing'' duties, which exactly offset the subsidy advantage. In a
nutshell, the domestic grower doesn't mind competing with the Colombian grower;
we just can't compete with the Colombian Government and hope to persevere.

Yes, the International Trade Commission found that material harm had been done
to the domestic grower. It was obvious. Remember the Colorado carnation? It used
to dominate the market. Today, 8 out of 10 carnations sold in this country come
from abroad. In 1974 there was 7.4 million square feet of carnation production
in Colorado. By 1986 this had been reduced to 2.9 million square feet - more
than a 50 percent reduction. These businesses were for the most part family
businesses.

Mr. Bovard does correctly point out that almost all trade cases involve selling
to us at a loss. Why would anyone do such a foolish thing as to sell a product
at a loss?

* Market development: The strategy is to dump a product at prices that drive
smaller businesses out. As soon as these businesses are gone, the dumper brings
his prices up to a profitable level and uses the profits to underwrite the next
market takeover. The importer starts in Miami, does New York, the rest of the
Eastern Seaboard, and then it's on to Chicago and Houston. Flowers are not
cheaper once foreign flowers dominate the market.

* Central American countries suffer terrific inflation and need U.S. dollars.
Their governments subsidize industries that bring in dollars over industries
that rely on the local economy.

* Colombia's No. 1 agricultural product appears to be illegal drugs. Flowers are
perishable and of high value - excellent cover for drug smuggling (U.S. Customs
in Miami has repeatedly seized cocaine hidden in shipments of roses and
carnations from Colombia, 2,500 pounds in one 1985 instance).

I do not want to block our ports to flowers. I just want to compete fairly
against the foreign grower. I can provide prettier, fresher flowers more
reliably to the American market than he can. I can compete successfully against
any grower. I am at a disadvantage, however, if I'm forced to compete with
foreign governments or drug barons.

 TIMOTHY J. HALEY
   Colorado Springs, Feb. 13, 1987
   The writer is a third-generation flower grower.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              299 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 19, 2016 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

DU report unfair to Colorado cities

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 568 words


A campaign that misrepresents the treatment of homeless people in order to
promote a "Right to Rest Act" in the legislature continued this week with the
release of a highly biased report by law students at the University of Denver
under the supervision of professor Nantiya Ruan.

The report is so out of touch with the attitudes of many cities and towns toward
the homeless that it actually compares various ordinances against trespassing,
camping, park curfews, and obstructing rights of way as equivalent to Jim Crow
and other vile exclusionary practices of the past.

The report makes much of the claim that Denver spent $750,000 enforcing laws in
2014 that affect the homeless, and accuses cities of "attempting to 'solve' the
visible problem of homelessness by making them 'invisible' through
criminalization."

This is flatly and offensively false. Denver is not trying to address
homelessness mainly through enforcement but by spending huge sums on health
care, shelter, counseling, income support and a variety of other social
services. Officials estimate the city spent $40 million on such services for the
homeless in 2015 and will spend $47 million this year. And the City Council
recently signed off on contracts for a housing and support program that will
target 250 of the city's most chronically homeless people at a potential cost of
roughly $10 million.

No one is trying to sweep homelessness under the rug not in Denver nor in many
cities that are proud of their own initiatives. Cities as diverse as Fort
Collins and Montrose have aggressive efforts to provide the homeless with stable
housing and services.

A reader would appreciate none of this from the DU report. Instead, Colorado
municipalities are portrayed as instituting a mean, petty campaign to harass the
homeless and drive them away.

It may well be true that ordinances regulating vagrancy and loitering in some
towns need updating so they are not impermissibly vague under federal court
rulings. But cities where most of the homeless reside quickly adjust their laws
to legal realities. When federal Judge Christine Arguello issued a sweeping
ruling against Grand Junction's panhandling rules last year, for example, cities
like Denver, Boulder and Colorado Springs quickly tweaked their ordinances as
well.

The report's authors clearly believe that anti camping laws and park curfews
should be unconstitutional because of how they affect the homeless and
apparently even laws that bar the obstruction of sidewalks and other public
spaces. But they are not unconstitutional at the moment and in some cases have
been on the books for a century.

Cities have legitimate reasons to worry about allowing parks and vital urban
spaces to become semi permanent camps. But House Bill 1191, which the report
praises, would order local governments to stop enforcing ordinances to that end.
HB 1191 should be defeated, just as a slightly different measure was last year.

The law school report promotes strange beliefs about economic reality, too, at
one point even claiming that "throughout Denver's history, few have benefited
from the economic growth while many have struggled ... ."

Yes, many have struggled. But it is silly to claim few have benefited from
economic growth. Average inflation adjusted income today is multiple times what
it was, say, in 1900. Which is why, by the way, Denver can afford to spend so
much on its homeless population.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 6, 2005 Sunday

TIMES' CHEAP CHOP; HITS VET'S GAL HARD

BYLINE: LUKAS I. ALPERT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 560 words


The girlfriend of a Marine killed in Iraq said she was devastated when she saw
how The New York Times cherry-picked a letter her "first love" intended her to
read in case he died.

"It was sad that we had to go through this some more. I was upset about what
they took out of that letter," said an emotional Emmylyn Anonical, 22, whose
boyfriend Cpl. Jeffrey Starr died in Iraq earlier this year.

In her first public comments since the letter scandal erupted, Anonical told The
Post that going public with the private letter was one of the hardest decisions
of her life.

Seeing it used by The Times to misrepresent her boyfriend's beliefs about the
war stung deeply, she said.

"The reason I chose to share that letter was the paragraph about why he was
doing this, not the part about him expecting to die. It hurt, it really hurt,"
she said by phone from Seattle.

The fallen Marine's family and conservative critics are now accusing the "paper
of record" of inserting its anti-war stance into news pages.

The debate centers around a story about soldiers killed after multiple tours of
duty, to mark the 2,000th combat death in Iraq.

Starr, 22, of Snohomish, Wash., was killed in a gun battle in Ramadi on April 30
while on his third tour in the country.

The Times only quoted part of the five-paragraph letter - which Starr intended
Anonical to read if he was killed - in which he wrote: "I kind of predicted this
. . . A third time seemed like I'm pushing my chances."

The very next passage of the letter continued:

"I don't regret going, everybody dies but few get to do it for something as
important as freedom. It may seem confusing why we are in Iraq, it's not to me."

But the Times omitted that part, which Starr's family says made the soldier
appear to be a fatalist questioning the war, when he strongly supported it.

The Times has argued its treatment of the missive was "entirely fair" because it
effectively paraphrased Starr's pro-war stance in other parts of the story.

Anonical says she has been trying to distance herself from the debate, and only
chose to speak out when she read The Post's story detailing The Times' defense.

The pair had been dating for two years when Starr was killed. They met in June
2003 through mutual friends at a Tacoma nightclub and quickly grew close. In
September, the soldier asked the University of Washington student to be his date
at Marine Corps Ball in Las Vegas. She said yes.

When she arrived in Vegas, Starr wrote her poetry and sang her a Bryan Adams
song.

Their love grew deep and strong.

In December, Starr's unit - the 1st Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment - was shipped
to Japan, and soon after to the bloody battlefield in Fallujah.

In April 2004, Starr survived a near-miss when insurgents attacked his convoy,
forcing him and his fellow soldiers to take refuge in a house and battle the
enemy for hours.

When he came home in November, he penned the fateful letter.

After his death this year, Starr's family found the letter on his laptop's hard
drive. His parents had the sad task of delivering it to their son's girlfriend.

"Even to hear that there was such a letter, that upset me before I even read it
- to think that he had to think like that," she said. "But when I first read, it
was like hearing his voice for again the first time."

e-mail: lukas.alpert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FLASHBACK:  How The Post reported it. HERHERO:  Emmylyn Anonical with
boyfriend Jeffrey Starr, who died in Iraq. The Times' editing of his last letter
"really hurt" her.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     November 14, 1994 Monday FINAL EDITION

WHEN A SALE ISN'T REALLY A SALE, AFTER ALL A KIWI AIRLINES OFFICIAL SAYS THE
MEDIA MISREPRESENT "FARE WARS." SOME LINES, HE SAYS, ALWAYS HAVE LOW FARES.

BYLINE: Tom Belden, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA BUSINESS; Pg. G07

LENGTH: 912 words


Kiwi Airlines isn't widely known, but it is finding a following for itself as
one of the handful of successful small carriers that's been launched in the last
couple of years. It flies out of Newark, N.J., International Airport to Chicago,
Atlanta, Tampa, Orlando, West Palm Beach, Fla., and San Juan.

Conde Nast Traveler magazine recognized Kiwi in its November issue as its
readers' favorite airline, topping other traditionally popular lines, including
Alaska, Midwest Express and Delta. Kiwi gets especially high praise for good
food and more legroom than most carriers.

But one of the best things to come out of Kiwi recently was something the public
hasn't seen. It was a letter its chief media spokesman, vice president Robert B.
Kulat, sent to reporters who cover the airline industry. It included some
pointed criticism of the way the media report on air-fare pricing.

Kulat complained that he was tired of reading or hearing stories about airlines
staging special-fare sales. Often, the special fares, he said, are just a case
of setting some fares at the same level as other discount fares that already
exist. And the lowest fares, as most travelers know, often have limited
availability and are loaded with restrictions that make them hard to use, he
said.

Kulat also was irked that Kiwi, which has a regularly low, uniform fare
structure, is usually left out when the media list other airlines that have
matched the discounted fares of the carrier that started the sale. Kiwi always
matches others' discount fares, so should always be included in any list of the
carriers that have matched, he said.

What really ticks off Kulat, however, is how much news coverage fare sales get
in the first place.

"Does Sears receive coverage when it has a nationwide, storewide sale? Or when
it puts drills and saws on sale? Or when it puts drills and saws on sale in
select stores with limited availability? Or when it puts drills and saws on sale
in select stores with limited availability on certain days, and you can't return
the product?

"Better yet," Kulat went on, "does Sears receive coverage when drills and saws
are on sale in select stores with limited availability on certain days, you
can't return the product and when you get to the store you realize that the only
drills and saws that are really on sale are the expensive commercial-quality
ones, and the cheap models you wanted for occasional home repairs are the same
price they've always been? This last example is what airline sales are really
like, and, like the person looking for the cheap (airline) seat, you end up
buying the drill and saw because you need it.

"Hopefully, I'll see the story about drills and saws before I see another story
on an airline fare sale," Kulat concluded.

MAKING AMTRAK FARES FAIR. Amtrak has raised some of its rail fares, lowered
others and left some just the same in the busy Northeast Corridor between Boston
and Washington. Although the railroad says it was trying to simplfy the fare
structure, some of the changes are confusing, so hang on for the explanation.

The easy part is that there was no change to basic fares for the all- reserved,
premium-fare Metroliner trains favored by many business travelers. The price for
Monday-through-Friday travel remains $56 each way between Philadelphia and New
York and $58 each way between Philadelphia and Washington, with no roundtrip
discount.

For traveling just on Saturdays or Sundays, the Philadelphia-Washington
Metroliner fare drops to $75 roundtrip; to New York it's $84 roundtrip. To use a
Metroliner one way on Friday and return on a Saturday or Sunday, a roundtrip
costs $92 to Washington and $93 to New York.

The most important change in the price of conventional train travel was to do
away with the discount for buying a roundtrip excursion ticket. The effect of
that was to lower some one-way fares and make a roundtrip ticket cost exactly
twice a one-way fare.

The fare between Philadelphia and New York is now $28 each way, or $56
roundtrip. Before, you had to pay $32 for a one-way ticket but could buy a
roundtrip for $52 that was good anytime except 1 p.m. to 7 p.m. Friday and on
days around Thanksgiving and Christmas.

Under the new fare structure, it still costs more to travel during the
peak-travel hours of 1 p.m. to 7 p.m. on Fridays and certain holidays. Then,
it's $37 each way, or $74 roundtrip.

Between Washington and Philadelphia, the fares are now $27 each way, or $54
roundtrip, except during the Friday and holiday blackout periods. Before, the
one-way fare was $35 and the roundrip excursion fare was $54. During the
blackout period, the one-way fare to Washington is now the same as it is to New
York: $37 one way and $74 roundtrip.

GETTING IN SHAPE. The Residence Inn by Marriott hotel chain has teamed up with
the American Heart Association to produce a self-appraisal program to help its
customers assess their risk for heart disease and find ways to prevent it.

The "Inn Shape: Heart at Work on the Road" program includes a pocket- sized
brochure in every Residence Inn suite. The brochure offers tips and the
self-appraisal. Also in the brochure are healthful, easy-to-fix recipes
from the heart association.

Residence Inn's primary market is business travelers staying for more than just
a couple of days, and each of its suites includes a fully equipped kitchen.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: BUSINESS TRAVEL

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 10, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Feminists and Pornography

SECTION: Section 7; Page 53, Column 2; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 222 words


To the Editor:

Barbara Ehrenreich's review of ''Women Against Censorship'' and ''Magic Mommas,
Trembling Sisters, Puritans & Perverts'' (Sept. 29) misrepresents the arguments
and history of feminists who oppose pornography. It is wrong to present as
recent or superficial an opposition that goes to the heart of sexual politics
from the point of view of many feminists. The first demonstration against
pornography was in 1970. Since then the movement has grown in depth, numbers and
public recognition while becoming no easier. The introduction of our ordinances
defining pornography as a civil rights violation is part of this movement.

It misstates facts to say that we ''found [ourselves] working together in
several localities with representatives of the antifeminist radical right.'' So
far the right has not supported us. We have not received their audiences,
access, legitimacy, authority, money or votes. In Indianapolis we worked closely
with one exceptionally skilled councilwoman, Beulah Coughenour, who is
conservative. One is not ''several.'' We have worked equally closely with scores
of liberals in many cities, including Indianapolis.

If the right ever does support us, we will have the press to thank for
convincing them that they are on our side.CATHARINE A. MACKINNON San Francisco
ANDREA DWORKIN New York

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              303 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                               May 1, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

A matter of TRUST;
Investment pitch targets senior citizens

BYLINE: Don Mecoy, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1014 words


An Okemah woman drove a friend to a free retirement seminar last year where she
met an "estate planner" who persuaded her to sink her life's savings into an
annuity.

She believed the planner, who actually was an insurance agent, could vastly
improve her investment income.

The woman did not realize she could not have access to her money without
incurring a huge financial penalty.

"How could I have been so dumb?" said the 68 year-old woman who asked not to be
identified by name. "I was stupid. I trusted the man. Part of it is my fault
because when I grew up you shook hands with somebody and you took it to the
bank. ... You took their word that they were the expert."

The state Insurance Department intervened on her behalf, and the insurance
company that provided the annuity recently agreed to refund her money. But a
growing number of "living trust mills" in Oklahoma and in other states prompted
Insurance Department officials to issue a consumer alert.

<b>No free lunch</b>

Insurance Department investigator Leslie Landwert said the agency has seen an
increase in activity from out-of-state insurance agents who offer free meals to
seniors who attend seminars touting retirement planning services but use the
events to target attendees for sales of variable annuities that pay the agents
lucrative commissions.

The agents misrepresent themselves as experts in estate planning, authorities
said. They gain the confidence of the client and use that trust to discover the
amount of the client's assets under the pretext of determining whether the
client can benefit from a living trust. "They go out and convince them they need
to move all their money into annuities, which for a lot of 85-year-olds that put
in their life savings, that doesn't mature until they're 120," Landwert said.

"They'll end up losing significant amounts of money to surrender charges for
moving their money. They don't tell them that."

<b>Early withdrawal woes</b>

Variable annuities are contracts with insurance companies that are designed to
be long-term investments. Such annuities typically are unsuitable for meeting
short-term investment goals because early withdrawal can trigger penalties and
tax charges. Variable annuities also involve investment risks, just as mutual
funds do.

The insurance company will assess a "surrender" charge to customers who withdraw
money from a variable annuity within a certain period after a purchase,
typically within six to eight years, but sometimes as long as 10 years.

That charge is used to pay the agent's commission for selling the variable
annuity.

Agents can earn lucrative commissions by moving the substantial lifetime
investments of retirees into a variable annuity.

Mike Louthan, a Kingfisher resident who got involved in an elderly relative's
annuity investment, said the woman who sold the annuity earned a $38,000
commission, then tried to "flip" the relative into a new annuity to earn another
$73,000 commission.

The Insurance Department recently revoked the license of the agent who sold
annuities to Louthan's relatives. The agency also levied a $5,000 fine against
the agent, Leta Francis Koch of Pottsboro, Texas, but she hasn't yet paid it,
Landwert said.

"They were living on an income of $700-plus a month," Landwert said of Louthan's
relatives. "When Meals on Wheels would come, they would share one meal in the
evening. This is a couple that lives in a very nice house in a very nice part of
town."

Louthan said he was shocked at the brazen nature of the sales pitch.

"My aunt worked at a bank and she still does her own taxes," Louthan said.
"She's not feeble-minded, but the saleswoman would bring cookies to her house.
She thought that woman was her new best friend."

Some agents will do almost anything to gain a client's confidence, Landwert
said. "The agents send flowers, send candy, they'll come to visit them when
they're in the hospital," she said. "One lady trusted an agent so much that she
let the agent take her down to the bank and she withdrew $600,000, gave the
agent the check and didn't even get a receipt for her money or anything."

The Okemah woman said the agent she dealt with often visited in the evening and
would stay at her house past midnight.

She signed the documents moving her investments into the annuity about 1 a.m.,
she said.

<b>Other victims?</b>

Agency officials fear there are more who have been persuaded to invest much of
their savings in annuities but haven't complained because they haven't
discovered yet that they must pay a surrender charge to access their money, or
that their money may be tied up for years.

State Insurance Commissioner Kim Holland said her concern is that unscrupulous
agents "cherry-pick" unsuspecting seniors who have accumulated significant
savings. Variable annuities can be good investments, Holland said, but they're
being sold improperly to elderly clients by people who misrepresent themselves.

"We are aggressively pursuing these trust mills," Holland said. "This is an area
we feel is really important that the public understands what's going on with
these issues."

The agency is pushing for an emergency rule that would require agents to spell
out more specifically the type of investments they are peddling.

"We're concerned enough that we feel something needs to be done about it,"
Holland said. "If nothing else, we need to send a message that if you're
thinking of coming to this state and do this ... we are not going to tolerate
it."

Clients eventually get the living trust document they were initially promised,
Landwert said, but it is often a simple template. Insurance Department attorney
Karl Kramer said consumers should consult an attorney before signing any living
trust document.

Louthan said he was outraged that the practice is legal.

"It's a sad thing," Louthan said. "These people come in and do this kind of
stuff and get away with it."

The Okemah woman said one of her friends still is trying to get a refund of
money he invested. She thinks others who attended the seminar that she did may
also have invested with the agent.

"I've never been flimflammed like this in my life," she said. "He's borderline
legal, but ethically he's in the tank."

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic with photo: A matter of TRUST (briefcase with money and papers)
- PHOTO BY DOUG HOKE, ILLUSTRATION BY CHRIS SCHOELEN, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

'Humbled' Masiello retained by Manhattan

BYLINE: - Mark Giannotto

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 779 words


Steve Masiello  will be reinstated as the head men's basketball coach at
Manhattan College as soon as he receives his degree from the University of
Kentucky.

The school announced Monday that Masiello, who had been coach of the Jaspers for
three seasons, will be on unpaid leave until he gets the degree. During his
absence, associate head coach  Matt Grady  will lead the program.

Masiello, who has a 61-39 career record at Manhattan, led the Jaspers to a 28-5
record this season and the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference tournament title.
The Jaspers lost, 71-64, to Louisville in the NCAA tournament.

"After an extensive review of the situation and extenuating circumstances, we
determined that Mr. Masiello executed poor judgment but did not intentionally
misrepresent himself in applying to the College," Manhattan President  Brennan
O'Donnell  said in a statement.

He said Masiello intended to take summer courses after graduating but didn't.
Masiello will complete his degree this summer, O'Donnell said. Masiello said he
is "extremely grateful and humbled by the opportunity" the school is giving him.
. . .

Virginia point guard  Teven Jones  has decided to transfer to another school,
men's basketball Coach  Tony Bennett  announced. Jones, a redshirt sophomore
this past season, fell out of the rotation as the Cavaliers secured their first
ACC regular season title in more than 30 years and advanced to the Sweet 16 in
the NCAA tournament. He did not play in six of the team's final 12 games. . . .

- Mark Giannotto

Oklahoma State guard  Marcus Smart  has declared for the NBA draft. Smart told
the Daily Oklahoman he has hired an agent. . . .

Former Auburn all-American and NBA player  Chuck Person  is returning to the
school as an assistant coach. . . .

Missouri wide receiver  Dorial Green-Beckham  was suspended indefinitely for an
unspecified violation of team rules, three months after he and two friends were
arrested on suspicion of felony drug distribution when police found a pound of
marijuana in their car. . . .

Ohio State will pay more than $2 million in guarantees to bring Virginia Tech,
Kent State and Cincinnati to Ohio Stadium to play the Buckeyes in football this
fall.

SOCCER

U.S. Soccer Federation President  Sunil Gulati  is dismissing the idea that any
sort of player mutiny led to the firing of women's coach  Tom Sermanni . The
USSF fired Sermanni hours after an exhibition victory over China. The move came
just 16 months after Sermanni was put in charge.

"Our dialogue with the players is pretty much ongoing, both on the men's side
and the women's side. Sometimes that is at a higher decibel than other times,"
Gulati said. "This isn't a group of players coming to seek us out."

Sermanni helped the U.S. to a 13-0-3 record last year, but went 1-2-1 at the
Algarve Cup, the last major tournament for the U.S. before World Cup qualifying.

"They just felt that the way I was managing the team wasn't working," Sermanni
told SI.com. "It could be the U.S. team is a unique team that has certain
demands that perhaps my management style or my philosophy didn't quite jell
with."

Goalkeeper  Hope Solo  tweeted: "It's a somber day for us all today. Tom is
simply a classy man in every way, and he will certainly be missed." . . .

Striking construction workers and security personnel clashed at Rio de Janeiro's
Olympic Park, the main cluster of venues under construction for the 2016 Summer
Games. Rio Mais, the consortium building the Olympic venues, confirmed that
random gunshots were fired as workers and security confronted each other.

MISC.

Minnesota Timberwolves forward  Dante Cunningham , an All-Met at Potomac (Md.)
High in 2005, posted $150,000 bail and was released from custody following an
initial court appearance for domestic assault charges, with the possibility that
more charges could be coming from a second arrest over the weekend. Cunningham
was arrested twice in three days after alleged incidents with the woman. Police
said they received a call from the woman in the early morning hours on Sunday
saying that Cunningham had violated a protection order by sending threatening
text messages that "rose to a terroristic level." . . .

Sacramento Mayor and former NBA all-star  Kevin Johnson  will lead a search
committee to find a new executive director for the NBA Players Association. . .
.

Michelle Kwan  has been honored by Figure Skating in Harlem for providing an
inspiration to the hundreds of young girls who have been in the program. The
nine-time U.S. champion and five-time world winner has been active with the club
almost since its inception in 1997.

- From news services                              and staff reports

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 6, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CITY ERROR ON FUNDS FOR THE MENTALLY ILL

SECTION: Section A; Page 34, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 243 words


To the Editor:


Your March 10 editorial ''Budget Games With Medicaid'' misrepresents the facts
underlying the commitment by New York State to assume local Medicaid costs for
the mentally disabled.

The definition of ''mentally disabled'' eligible for 100 percent state funding,
arrived at after careful deliberation, was designed to meet the programmatic and
fiscal criteria intended by the Overburden Aid legislation. Social service
districts were informed of that definition on May 27, 1983, and no protest was
received from New York City.

In enacting the long-term care legislation, the Legislature continued the
definition. If the city now feels cheated, it is in terms of its own inaccurate
assumption about what costs would be included. Neither the executive nor the
Legislature assumed a broader definition.

I cannot blame the city for seeking additional state funding, but assuming, as
the city suggests, 100 percent of all Medicaid costs for the mentally disabled
would increase our costs far in excess of funding in the 1984-85 budget. (Nor do
I blame the many other municipalities and organizations that are asking for an
aggregate $5 billion not included in our budget recommendations.)

However, I firmly believe that this administration is fully meeting its
commitments under the takeover program and is heeding both the letter and the
spirit of the law.

MICHAEL FINNERTY Director of the Budget Albany, March 14, 1984

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              306 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky LLP Announces the Filing of a Class Action
Lawsuit Against the Board of Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. and a Lead
Plaintiff Deadline of December 27, 2016 -- ININ

LENGTH: 253  words


(GlobeNewswire) - Levi & Korsinsky, LLP has filed a class action lawsuit in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis
Division (Civil Action No. 1:16-cv-02666) on behalf of all current stockholders
of Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ININ) in connection with the
proposed sale of the company to Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc.

The complaint filed alleges, among other things, that Interactive Intelligence
and the members of its board of directors violated securities laws by filing
proxy solicitation materials with the SEC that misrepresent or omit material
information regarding Genesys proposed acquisition of Interactive Intelligence.

http://zlk.9nl.com /interactive-intelligence

If you suffered a loss in Interactive Intelligence you have until December 27,
2016 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to
share in any recovery doesnt require that you serve as a lead plaintiff.

Levi & Korsinsky is a national firm with offices in New York, New Jersey,
California, Connecticut, and Washington D.C. The firms attorneys have extensive
expertise and experience representing investors in securities litigation, and
have recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for aggrieved shareholders.
Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.

CONTACT:

Levi & Korsinsky LLP

Joseph E. Levi, Esq.

30 Broad Street, 24th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Tel: (212) 363-7500

Toll Free: (877) 363-5972 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission; Interstate Renewable
Energy Council, Inc, has submitted (A1411010) Comments filed by Interstate
Renewable Energy Council, Inc. on 09/06/2016 Conf# 101512

LENGTH: 3220  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Comments):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Application of Southern California Edison

 Company (U338E) for Approval of its Energy

 Savings Assistance and California Alternate

 Rates for Energy Programs and Budgets for

 Program Years 2015-2017.



 Application 14-11-007

 (Filed November 18, 2014)

 And Related Matters.

 Application 14-11-009

 Application 14-11-010

 Application 14-11-011

 OPENING COMMENTS OF THE INTERSTATE RENEWABLE ENERGY

 COUNCIL, INC. REGARDING PROPOSED DECISION AND ALTERNATE

 PROPOSED DECISION ON LARGE INVESTOR-OWNED UTILITIES' CALIFORNIA

 ALTERNATE RATES FOR ENERGY (CARE) AND ENERGY SAVINGS ASSISTANCE

 (ESA) PROGRAM APPLICATIONS

 ERICA S. McCONNELL

 SHUTE, MIHALY & WEINBERGER LLP

 396 Hayes Street

 San Francisco, California 94102

 Telephone: (415) 552-7272

 Facsimile: (415) 552-5816

 mcconnell@smwlaw.com

 Attorneys for Interstate Renewable

 Energy Council

 September 6, 2016

 FILED

 9-06-16

 04:59 PM

 1

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 Application of Southern California Edison

 Company (U338E) for Approval of its Energy

 Savings Assistance and California Alternate

 Rates for Energy Programs and Budgets for

 Program Years 2015-2017.

 Application 14-11-007

 (Filed November 18, 2014)

 And Related Matters.

 Application 14-11-009

 Application 14-11-010

 Application 14-11-011

 OPENING COMMENTS OF THE INTERSTATE RENEWABLE ENERGY

 COUNCIL, INC. REGARDING PROPOSED DECISION AND ALTERNATE

 PROPOSED DECISION ON LARGE INVESTOR-OWNED UTILITIES ' CALIFORNIA

 ALTERNATE RATES FOR ENERGY (CARE) AND ENERGY SAVINGS ASSISTANCE

 (ESA) PROGRAM APPLICATIONS

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

 Page

 I. INTRODUCTION
................................................................................
...............................2

 II. THE PROPOSED AND ALTERNATE PROPOSED DECISIONS

 MISREPRESENT CERTAIN KEY ASPECTS OF IREC'S CLEANCARE

 PROPOSAL AND REQUIRE MODIFICATIONS.
...........................................................4

 A. CleanCARE Envisions That All Renewable Energy Facilities Participating

 in the Pilot Program Would Be Shared Solar Facilities.
..........................................4

 B. Concerns Regarding Fraud, Waste, and Abuse by Third-Party Solar

 Developers Are Misplaced Given CleanCARE's Structure, Which Would

 Rely on a Commission-Approved Program Administrator.
....................................5

 III. MANY PARTIES HAVE EXPRESSED SUPPORT FOR IREC'S

 CLEANCARE PROPOSAL.
................................................................................
...............6

 IV. THE COMMISSION SHOULD CLARIFY THAT CLEANCARE'S BASIC

 STRUCTURE IS LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE CARE STATUTES

 AND EXPLICITLY DIRECT ANY FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF THE

 PROPOSAL SHOULD OCCUR IN
R.14-07-002...............................................................7

 V. CONCLUSION
................................................................................
....................................9

 2

 I. INTRODUCTION

 On August 16, 2016, a Proposed Decision (PD) and Alternate Proposed Decision
(APD)

 were issued in this proceeding. Pursuant to Rule 14.3, the Interstate Renewable
Energy Council,

 Inc. (IREC) timely files these opening comments, focused exclusively on IREC's
CleanCARE

 pilot proposal.

 As explained in more detail in prior filings, IREC is a 501(c)(3) non-partisan,
non-profit,

 independent organization working nationally to expand and simplify consumer
access to reliable

 and affordable distributed clean energy. The scope of IREC's work includes
expanding programs

 that facilitate consumers' ability to host a renewable energy system to
directly self-supply energy

 needs or sell energy, and implementing shared renewable energy programs to
expand options for

 consumers that cannot host a renewable energy system. As part of this work,
IREC developed a

 proposal for a CleanCARE pilot program that we submitted for consideration in
this docket.1

 IREC also presented on CleanCARE at the June 18, 2015 workshop in this
proceeding.

 CleanCARE is simultaneously under consideration in Rulemaking (R.) 14-07-002
regarding the

 successor to the current net energy metering (NEM) tariff as a way to promote
growth in

 customer-sited distributed generation for "disadvantaged communities."

 In the instant proceeding, IREC has requested that the Commission indicate that


 CleanCARE is legally permissible under existing CARE statutes in order to
facilitate any further

 refinement and approval of CleanCARE in R.14-07-002 that the Commission deems
necessary.

 Both the PD and APD contain similar language regarding CleanCARE, and do not
offer the

 1 Ex. No. 54 (Prepared Testimony and Exhibits of Sara Baldwin Auck on behalf of
the Interstate

 Renewable Energy Council, Inc. (April 27, 2015)), Att. SBA-2 (CleanCARE
Proposal of the

 Interstate Renewable Energy Council, Inc.).

 3

 requested guidance.2 They state: "The current record is insufficient to
establish whether or not

 CleanCARE would meet the Commission's statutory obligation to provide overall
bill reductions

 to CARE customers."3 The PD would "deny this proposal without prejudice,"4 and
the APD

 would do the same, and goes on to state that "IREC may refile the proposal
through a Petition for

 Modification in a manner that addresses the concerns expressed herein."5 In
addition to ensuring

 the requisite bill reduction, the PD and APD identify certain other outstanding
issues with

 respect to CleanCARE, including: the definition of "disadvantaged communities"
and its

 relationship to CleanCARE participant eligibility; potential customer
confusion; expansion of

 CleanCARE beyond Tier 3 customers and potentially to include an energy
efficiency component;

 and administrative costs and maintaining non-participant indifference.6

 While IREC appreciates the PD's and APD's constructive criticisms regarding

 CleanCARE, which will inform future iterations of the proposal, we continue to
request that the

 Commission state in its final decision that CleanCARE concept and basic
structure is permissible

 under the existing CARE statutes. To the extent additional details and
safeguards need to be

 explored to ensure the requisite bill discount is achieved and the program is
sufficiently robust,

 IREC suggests that the Commission condition its statement accordingly, and
explicitly indicate

 that such further refinement should occur in R.14-07-002 prior to final
Commission approval,

 e.g., in response to a Petition for Modification in the instant docket.
Ultimately, IREC is seeking

 additional, express guidance from the Commission regarding the appropriate
procedural path for

 2 PD at 322-23; APD at 383-85.

 3 PD at 323; APD at 385.

 4 PD at 323.

 5 APD at 385.

 6 PD at 322-23; APD at 383-85.

 4

 further consideration and development of CleanCARE. In addition, IREC clarifies
below certain

 misunderstandings and misstatements regarding CleanCARE in the PD and APD.

 II. THE PROPOSED AND ALTERNATE PROPOSED DECISIONS

 MISREPRESENT CERTAIN KEY ASPECTS OF IREC'S CLEANCARE

 PROPOSAL AND REQUIRE MODIFICATIONS.

 IREC does not reiterate the details of our CleanCARE proposal in these
comments, but

 rather we focus our attention on two statements regarding CleanCARE in the PD
and APD that

 misrepresent the proposal. We indicate where in the record the Commission may
find support for

 our comments regarding these factual errors and respectfully suggest that any
final decision be

 modified on these points.

 A. CleanCARE Envisions That All Renewable Energy Facilities Participating in

 the Pilot Program Would Be Shared Solar Facilities.

 The APD erroneously characterizes CleanCARE as only being "practically
available to

 those who own or control their own home and have a sufficiently strong roof to
support solar

 PV."7 It goes on to state that expensive roof repairs may be necessary and
would serve as a "high

 barrier for many CARE customers," and also expresses concern regarding the
ability of tenants

 to receive NEM bill credits in a multifamily building scenario.8 In addition,
the PD and APD

 characterize the renewable generation as either "on-site or shared" in
describing CleanCARE.9

 IREC requests that any final decision in this proceeding be modified to
indicate that

 CleanCARE would only involve shared solar facilities, including in particular
off-site, groundmounted

 facilities, located in "disadvantaged communities."10 CleanCARE shared solar
facilities

 7 APD at 385.

 8 APD at 385.

 9 PD at 308; APD at 369.

 10 See Ex. No. 54, Att. 2 at 4-5.

 5

 would not be required to be located "on-site," i.e., on the same building in
which participating

 CleanCARE customers reside. While these shared facilities could conceivably be
located on

 rooftops, their location would not need to be connected to the participating
customers' locations;

 rather, they could be sited on rooftops throughout a utility's service
territory, including

 commercial and industrial rooftops, or even carports or parking structures.
Ultimately, we

 envision that the utility solicitation process would function to identify the
most optimal locations

 for CleanCARE facilities within "disadvantaged communities."

 Therefore, IREC suggests that the APD's concerns regarding barriers to
participation

 related to rooftop ownership and roof repairs are misplaced in the context of
our proposed

 CleanCARE pilot, and we request that these components of the APD be removed
from any final

 decision. Indeed, the aim of our CleanCARE proposal is explicitly to address
access barriers

 germane to the more traditional rooftop solar models and one of the potential
benefits of

 CleanCARE is that it would overcome the rooftop-related barriers identified in
the APD.

 B. Concerns Regarding Fraud, Waste, and Abuse by Third-Party Solar

 Developers Are Misplaced Given CleanCARE's Structure, Which Would

 Rely on a Commission-Approved Program Administrator.

 Both the PD and APD note that The Utility Reform Network (TURN) expressed
concerns

 related to CleanCARE regarding "potential fraud, waste, and abuse by third
party solar

 developers."11 In evaluating CleanCARE, the PD further states, "[a]s parties
have noted,

 foreseeable consequences to the CleanCARE proposal include customer confusion
and the risk

 of waste, fraud, and abuse."12

 11 PD at 314; APD at 374.

 12 PD at 322.

 6

 IREC requests that any final decision clarify that CleanCARE participants would
not

 interact with third-party developers, and rather that the proposal envisions a
utility-run

 solicitation for all solar resources, with participants only engaging with a
Commission-approved

 program administrator to sign up for the program.13 Therefore, customers should
be safeguarded

 from any waste, fraud, and abuse, to the extent the Commission sufficiently
vets and, as

 necessary, monitors the performance of the program administrator. IREC suggests
that the PD's

 statements regarding these concerns should be removed from any final decision.
In addition, we

 note that CleanCARE envisions a robust marketing, education, and outreach
component that

 would leverage existing CARE resources and could include targeted information
to ensure as

 little customer confusion as possible.14

 III. MANY PARTIES HAVE EXPRESSED SUPPORT FOR IREC'S CLEANCARE

 PROPOSAL.

 As indicated above, CleanCARE is concurrently under consideration in this
docket as

 well as R.14-07-002 because it implicates both the CARE and NEM programs. In
R.14-07-002,

 eight parties expressed support for IREC's CleanCARE proposal in written
comments.15 In

 addition, eight organizations--mostly but not entirely the same as those that
filed supportive

 comments--jointly submitted a letter with IREC to Commissioner Sandoval,
copying the rest of

 13 See Ex. 54, Att. 2 at 4; see also Opening Brief of the Interstate Renewable
Energy Council,

 Inc., at 8-9 (July 13, 2015) (responding to TURN's concerns and explaining
CleanCARE's

 reliance on a program administrator) [IREC Opening Brief]; Reply Brief of the
Interstate

 Renewable Energy Council, Inc., at 3 (Aug. 4, 2015) (responding similarly to
Southern

 California Edison Company) [IREC Reply Brief].

 14 See Ex. 54 at 17-18, Att. 2 at 4; see also IREC Opening Brief at 9
(emphasizing importance of

 customer education); IREC Reply Brief at 3 (same).

 15 See Reply Comments of the Interstate Renewable Energy Council, Inc.,
R.14-07-002, at 1

 (Sept. 15, 2015) (citing comments from California Environmental Justice
Alliance (CEJA),

 CALSEIA, GRID Alternatives, The Greenlining Institute (Greenlining), Sierra
Club, Solar

 Energy Industries Association (SEIA), The Alliance for Solar Choice (TASC), and
Vote Solar).

 7

 the Commission, stating their support for continued consideration of CleanCARE
in

 R.14-07-002, and noting that "[w]ithout resolution of the threshold question of
CleanCARE's

 legality in A.14-11-007 et al., however, it will be challenging to move forward
with refinement

 of CleanCARE's programmatic details in R.14-07-002."16 Although not all parties
expressing

 their support in these forums are parties to this docket, some of them are.17
In addition, the

 California Solar Energy Industries Association (CALSEIA) filed a very similar
version of

 CleanCARE, identical in all foundational components, jointly with IREC in our
Post-Pre-

 Hearing Conference Statement, filed March 2, 2015. Therefore, IREC believes
that the PD's and

 APD's statement that "[n]o parties offer clear support for CleanCARE as
currently proposed" is

 not correct18 and respectfully requests that the Commission remove the
sentence, and/or notice

 and reference the support CleanCARE has received in relation to R.14-07-002.

 IV. THE COMMISSION SHOULD CLARIFY THAT CLEANCARE'S BASIC

 STRUCTURE IS LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE CARE STATUTES

 AND EXPLICITLY DIRECT ANY FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF THE

 PROPOSAL SHOULD OCCUR IN R.14-07-002.

 As indicated in the R.14-07-002 party comments and letter referenced above, a

 significant number of parties are ready to work together to refine CleanCARE in
that proceeding.

 IREC suggests that such further development and refinement could address the
points raised in

 the PD and APD, including those related to NEM, such as the definition of
"disadvantaged

 16 Letter from IREC et al. to Commissioner Sandoval re Legality of CleanCARE
Pilot Proposal

 (May 17, 2016) (co-signed by Brightline Defense Project, CEJA, CALSEIA,
Everyday Energy,

 Sierra Club, SEIA, TASC, and Vote Solar).

 This letter was submitted properly noticed as a written ex parte communication
in this docket

 and R.14-07-002 on May 17, 2016.

 17 Based on the current service list, these parties include Greenlining,
Brightline Defense Project,

 and CALSEIA.

 18 PD at 313; APD at 374.

 8

 communities" and appropriate bill credit valuation, as well as the other issues
identified.19 IREC

 continues to believe such a path is appropriate because CleanCARE implicates
the NEM

 program, including in particular the "disadvantaged communities" mandate
included in

 Assembly Bill 327. We also note the utilities appear to support such a path; as
the PD and APD

 indicate, they state that CleanCARE should be addressed in R.14-07-002.20

 To enable effective consideration and development of CleanCARE in R.14-07-002,
IREC

 urges the Commission to indicate in this proceeding that CleanCARE's basic
framework is legal

 under the current CARE statutes. IREC has provided our analysis of CleanCARE's
legality

 under the statutes and responded to other parties' concerns in our prior
filings.21 IREC

 recognizes the Commission's concern related to ensuring that the requisite
"bill discount" is

 guaranteed for CleanCARE participants, and we agree that this should be a
high-priority issue

 for further discussion and refinement in R.14-07-002. If needed, IREC suggests
that the

 Commission could condition its statement regarding CleanCARE's legality on the
development

 of a satisfactory guarantee regarding the "bill discount." At this time, IREC
is primarily seeking

 confirmation from the Commission that the required "bill discount" could be
provided via bill

 credits (as long as any necessary guarantees and other safeguards are in place)
and is not limited

 to the current rate discount structure. Without such guidance, IREC is
concerned that

 CleanCARE will face the same legality concerns in R.14-07-002 and will be
redirected from that

 proceeding to the next CARE proceeding; in other words, we are worried that
CleanCARE may

 in effect slip through the cracks between proceedings. Given the PD's and APD's
express

 19 See PD at 322-23; APD at 383-85.

 20 PD at 313; APD at 374.

 21 Ex. 54 at 6-12; IREC Opening Brief at 4-9; IREC Reply Brief at 2-3.

 9

 support for the goal of "expanding low-income persons' access to preferred
resource generation

 and its attendant benefits," and appreciation of innovative proposals in this
area,22 IREC urges

 the Commission to provide more clear guidance to clear the path for further
refinement of

 CleanCARE.

 IREC has offered suggested language for revised Findings of Fact and
Conclusions of

 Law appended to these comments, which would provide more clear guidance
regarding

 CleanCARE's legality and procedural next steps. Such assurance would enable the
Commission

 and all interested parties to focus more effectively on any other necessary
programmatic details

 in R.14-07-002, and the Commission could approve implementation of the refined
CleanCARE

 pilot program in its final decision in that docket or else in response to a
Petition for Modification

 in this docket. IREC believes that consolidating the conversation about
CleanCARE in one

 docket would promote greater clarity regarding program details, and enable the
Commission and

 interested stakeholders to concentrate their resources more efficiently in a
single forum.

 V. CONCLUSION

 IREC appreciates the opportunity to provide these comments, as well as the

 Commission's ongoing consideration of our CleanCARE proposal in this proceeding
and

 R.14-07-002. We look forward to continuing to refine the CleanCARE concept in
line with the

 Commission's suggestions and guidance.

 22 PD at 322-23; APD at 383-85.

 10

 DATED: September 6, 2016 SHUTE, MIHALY & WEINBERGER LLP

 By: /s/ Erica S. McConnell

 ERICA S. McCONNELL

 396 Hayes Street

 San Francisco, California 94102

 Telephone: (415) 552-7272

 Facsimile: (415) 552-5816

 mcconnell@smwlaw.com

 Attorneys for Interstate Renewable

 Energy Council

 11

 Appendix: Proposed Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law

 Numbering reflects both the PD and the APD (PD/APD).

 Findings of Fact

 [#]/90. It is reasonable to deny the IREC CleanCARE pilot without prejudice,
and to allow it to

 receive further consideration in R.14-07-002.

 Conclusions of Law

 [#]/[#]. IREC 's CleanCARE Pilot proposal's basic structure, allowing customers
to receive the

 requisite "bill discount" via electricity bill credits instead of a rate
discount, is legally

 permissible under the current CARE statutes, Public Utilities Code sections
739.1 and 382[,

 however it requires further refinement and safeguards prior to Commission
approval].

 Bracketed language provided if the Commission deems further clarity on this
point is necessary.

 198/202. IREC's CleanCARE Pilot proposal should be denied without prejudice,
however it may

 receive further consideration in R.14-07-002.

 813948.5



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     January 12, 1999 Tuesday Final Edition

In defence of Ontario Hydro's environmental record

BYLINE: Jim Wilson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 798 words


I would like to take issue with a Community Editorial by Mark Coakley critical
of what our government is doing about air pollution in the electricity sector.

The Mike Harris government has done more to improve air quality in Ontario than
any previous government. We've modernized air quality monitoring stations. We've
introduced vehicle emissions testing for 4.7 million cars and all trucks and
buses in the province. And the environmental component of our electricity
restructuring legislation is the most progressive in North America.

In my view, Coakley's article misrepresents the Ontario's environmental record,
the performance of our electricity industry, and our process for improving both
through competition.

In terms of the major contaminants of concern -- nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur
oxides (SOx), carbon dioxide and mercury -- electricity generators in the U.S.
on average emit more than twice as much as Ontario's generators for each
kilowatt hour generated. Electric utilities contribute 67 per cent of the total
SOx emissions in the U.S., while Ontario Hydro contributes only 17 per cent of
the province's total.

Ontario Hydro has spent over $1 billion upgrading its coal-fired generating
plants in order to reduce pollution. As a result, on a system-wide basis,
Hydro's NOx, SOx and carbon dioxide emission rates are lower than those in
almost all U.S. states, including Michigan, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Illinois and New Jersey.

Hydro's NOx emission rates are about seven times lower than Michigan's. Even if
we focus only on Ontario Hydro's fossil-fuel plants, compared to the U.S.
electric utility average, our fossil plants produce 50 per cent more energy for
every ton of SOx emitted.

A recent report by Pollution Probe noted that the major problem in terms of air
pollution in Ontario are emissions from the United States. The study concluded
that "Ontario Hydro's coal-fired plants were relatively clean, with emission
rates for pollutants ranging from seven to 37 per cent less than U.S. stations
in the Ohio River Valley."

It should also be clarified that new rules proposed by the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) are not planned for implementation in individual states
until 2003, and may be delayed beyond that point. Not only has Ontario Hydro
surpassed the environmental standards set for it here, the utility already meets
all existing limits placed on generators in the U.S.

Ontario Hydro's voluntary commitments to limit emissions of NOx to 40 per cent
lower than 1985 levels, and to stabilize greenhouse gas emissions ahead of any
other North American utility, illustrate the corporate commitment it has made
with respect to the environment. Competition provided the impetus for Ontario
Hydro to covert two units at its oil-burning Lennox station to run on lower-cost
and cleaner natural gas. Competition made possible the partnership which will
see the use of natural gas instead of coal at the Lakeview station, a project
Graham Jardine of Greenpeace calls "a victory for the environment."

Environmental performance will be key to commercial success in a competitive
market. That is why none of the $1.4-billion in new generation proposed for
Ontario since the introduction of our legislation is for oil or coal-fired
plants. All of it is for more environmentally benign natural gas or for
renewable sources like wind power.

The Energy Competition Act introduces new tools to protect the environment.
Mandatory emission disclosure on every electricity bill will allow customers to
make informed choices about their energy supplier. With competition, customers
like Coakley and his readers can choose to purchase electricity from a cleaner
or renewable source.

The Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Energy, Science and
Technology are working now to develop effective and affordable options for
emission limits for all Ontario generators, and emission performance standards
for all electricity sold in Ontario, including that imported from other
jurisdictions. We are consulting with stakeholders and the public on
cost-effective options to ensure environmental protection in the new market. We
would be pleased to invite Coakley into this process.

I understand that some people are impatient and would have us rush to a "quick
fix." However, I believe it's important that we do our homework and get it
right. We will have measures in place to further protect the environment and
consumers in time for the opening of our electricity market to full competition
in the year 2000.

Air quality will improve in a restructured electricity system. Emission
standards will be tough, and consumers -- through their choice of electricity
supplier -- will have a say about the air we all breathe.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

                    Copyright 1999 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              309 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 18, 1997, Wednesday, Final Edition

Items of (100 Percent) Interest

Don Oldenburg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. D05; STYLE PLUS

LENGTH: 627 words


A new 19-inch General Electric color television? Only $ 6.99 a week? No money
down? Not bad, huh?

Or so the rent-to-own industry would like you to believe. But, according to a
new report by the U.S. Public Interest Research Group (PIRG), when you buy from
a rent-to-own store, you don't always get what you pay for.

"The rent-to-own industry should change its name to ripping-them-off," U.S.
PIRG's consumer program director, Ed Mierzwinski, says of the nearly $ 4
billion-a-year rent-to-own (RTO) industry that rents new and used television
sets, living room and bedroom furniture, kitchen appliances, stereos, computers
and jewelry for low weekly or monthly payments that go toward purchasing the
item.

"People frequently don't understand how expensive it is" to buy from an RTO
store, adds Mierzwinski. "We think it misrepresents its true prices."

That GE television, for instance. Pay $ 6.99 a week for 78 weeks to the Langley
Park RTO store that PIRG investigated and the TV set is yours. Trouble is the
deal totals $ 545.22 -- more than double the television's actual ticket price.

In its survey of 124 RTO stores in 17 states, including Maryland, the District
and Virginia, PIRG, a nonprofit, nonpartisan consumer advocacy group, found that
interest rates on televisions and refrigerators purchased through rent-to-own
contracts averaged 100 percent -- and ran as high as 275 percent. Refrigerators
that sold outright in department stores for about $ 574 ended up costing $ 1,208
after 78 weeks of $ 15.49 payments from a District RTO store -- at 114 percent
annual percentage rate (APR) of interest. A $ 628 television would have cost $
1,247 from an Alexandria RTO store -- a 104 percent APR.

"When you buy on time, the way you compare the price is to look at the interest
rates," says Mierzwinski, adding that most consumers consider credit card rates
of 20 percent high. Yet, he says, while "gouging" customers with APRs averaging
five times that, none of the RTO stores surveyed disclosed to its customers the
percentage rates.

The rent-to-own industry says it is exempt from lending laws that require rate
disclosures and protect consumers who buy goods on time -- and few states
require them to make those disclosures or put limits on the APR they can charge.
That's the price customers pay for the right to return RTO items at any time
with no further financial obligation, according to the Association of
Progressive Rental Organizations, an Austin-based national trade group. And 75
percent of all RTO customers, it says, do in fact return items within the first
four months.

To protect RTO customers who rent long enough to buy -- often those avoiding
credit hassles or down payments -- PIRG is calling for federal regulations
requiring full interest rate disclosures. "They sell the dream of ownership to
people who only see $ 10 a week and don't see the 120 percent interest," charges
Mierzwinski. "The sad fact is there are people out there who don't think that
they can afford alternative credit."

And, instead of renting to own, consumers should consider buying on a layaway or
installment plan, or "go out and find a loan," advises Mierzwinski. "Or save $
50 a month instead of paying $ 10 a week, and in a few months you can go out and
buy a refrigerator or TV.

"Since some of these companies sell used products, why not buy used? You can buy
used on the secondary market in the want ads of the newspaper for a whole lot
less. You don't get a warranty, but you do get to own it right away -- without
debt."

Got a consumer problem? Report the details via e-mail to oldenburgdwashpost.com
or by mail to Don Oldenburg, Consummate Consumer, The Washington Post, 1150 15th
St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              310 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 3, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
 Cuomo Nominee Withdraws Name

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 2


An aide nominated by Governor Cuomo to a seat on the State Board of Parole has
withdrawn his name from consideration because he has no college degree.

Mr. Cuomo did not know about the degree requirement when the nomination was
made, a spokesman for the Governor, Gary Fryer, said today.

The nominee - Raymond Charles of Manhattan, the Governor's liaison to minority
groups - did not misrepresent his credentials, but there was confusion about the
qualifications, Mr. Fryer said. Mr. Charles withdrew his name Thursday from
Senate consideration.

Until six months ago, state law required Parole Board members to have either a
college degree or several years of experience in social work. The law was
changed and now requires both. Mr. Fryer said Mr. Charles had worked extensively
with youth organizations and street gangs.

The problem with Mr. Charles' credentials was discovered by the Senate Crime and
Corrections Committee.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              311 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               January 25, 2000, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SWEEPSTAKES FIRM FACES LAWSUIT FROM 16 STATES

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A11

LENGTH: 274 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


Sixteen states, including Illinois, sued sweepstakes giant Publishers Clearing
House Monday, claiming the company misled consumers into believing they had a
better chance of winning if they ordered more products.

The states filed the suits because the attorneys general feared an imminent
settlement of a private class-action suit might preclude other suits. A hearing
on that settlement will be held today in U.S. District Court in East St. Louis,
Ill.

The company, which sells magazines and other merchandise, misrepresents that it
has a "personal relationship with consumers" and induces people into believing
they are winners of multimillion-dollar prizes, when they were winners of $ 1 or
costume jewelry, according to one of the lawsuits.

"Publishers Clearing House is very artful in stating half-truths to create an
overall impression that the particular consumer will be more likely to win an
enormous cash prize if he or she purchases something," Minnesota Attorney
General Mike Hatch said.

Filing similar suits Monday were Colorado, New York, North Carolina, New Jersey,
Ohio, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Vermont, Oregon, Pennsylvania, West Virginia,
Louisiana, Georgia and California. Nine states had sued earlier.

Christopher L. Irving, director of consumer affairs at Publishers Clearing House
of Port Washington, N.Y., denied the allegations and said the majority of people
who return their sweepstakes entries do so without ordering.

American Family Enterprises, another sweepstakes company, settled a similar suit
last year for $ 33 million and earlier paid $ 6.9 million to settle complaints
from 40 states.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              312 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday

Court sides with Trump in failed beachfront project

BYLINE: Dara Kam, Dara Kam The News Service of Florida

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 354  words


TRUMP WINS -- IN COURT

TALLAHASSEE -- Donald Trump didn't misrepresent his role in a beachfront project
in Fort Lauderdale that went bust in 2009, a Florida appeals court has ruled.

Investors in the project have battled for years to get back hundreds of
thousands of dollars in deposits from the real estate developer -- who's now the
Republican presidential front-runner, banking on his brand to boost him into the
White House -- and his associates.

The 4th District Court of Appeal sided with Trump and associates in rulings in
two separate cases involving what was pitched as a swanky, Trump-branded
waterfront hotel and condominium project. The court heard oral arguments in the
cases in January.

The plaintiffs in the two cases, John Taglieri and Deer Valley Realty, sued
Trump after they couldn't get their deposits returned on units in the foreclosed
building. The lawsuits accused Trump of falsely claiming he was the project
developer when, instead, he only had a deal that allowed the developers to use
his name.

Trump and his lawyers blamed the project's failure on the nation's real-estate
market crash and contended that Trump's role was "clearly identified" in
documents signed by the investors. Trump's lawyers also argued that documents
clearly identified SB Hotel Associates, and not Trump, as the developer of the
project.

The failed Trump International Hotel & Tower Fort Lauderdale is among other
Trump-branded projects that tanked -- including projects in California, Mexico
and Tampa -- and prompted lawsuits from disgruntled investors who lost millions
of dollars in deposits.

The two cases are the last active lawsuits filed by investors after the Fort
Lauderdale project went under in 2009.

Other companies affiliated with what was supposed to be a luxury resort bearing
the signature Trump name reached settlements with dozens of plaintiffs in 2014.

All of the other companies associated with the Fort Lauderdale project -- except
for Trump, Trump Florida Management and Trump Organization -- have also settled
with the plaintiffs in the two active lawsuits, according to lawyers
representing the plaintiffs.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2016 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2016 News-Journal Corporation


                              313 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 10, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

Plenty of Domestic Farm Laborers

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A22; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 462 words



As co-founder and secretary-treasurer of the United Farm Workers of America, I
am distressed to see Sens. Ron Wyden and Gordon Smith misrepresent my comments
to buttress their outrageous proposal for a guest worker program that would
bring more foreign farm workers to labor in U.S. agriculture ["Farm Work Made
Fair," op-ed, Oct. 9].

A guest worker program cannot be justified, because there are no shortages of
domestic farm workers. California agriculture, which employs more farm workers
than any other state, is now completing harvest seasons with an adequate supply
of field workers.

State unemployment figures during harvest months in rural California and Texas
counties consistently top 10 percent -- usually double the state average. These
are legal U.S. residents and mostly farm workers who are ready and willing to
work but can't find jobs at the height of the harvest.

Growers have made no real effort to recruit domestic workers. Farm labor wages
have kept dropping -- the opposite of what agricultural economists would expect
if labor shortages really existed.

There is a shortage of decent wages and treatment among farm workers. A recent
U.S. Department of Labor study of the California grape industry showed that 77
percent of growers and labor contractors are violating federal laws, especially
the minimum wage law.

In their article, Sens. Wyden and Smith quote me as urging growers to use U.S.
Employment Service offices to recruit domestic farm workers. They claim their
bill would employ such a system. That is not true.

The Wyden-Smith plan would eliminate the obligation of growers under the current
H2A program to recruit domestic workers before applying for foreign laborers.
Instead, the senators' measure would set up a computerized registry whose effect
would be to help growers blacklist domestic workers -- the practice under the
old Bracero program. Growers would be able to use that computer bank to identify
domestic workers who are more likely to protest when they do not receive the
minimum wage or have their Social Security contributions forwarded to the
government, or are made to endure violations of field sanitation laws.

A program is in place to remedy labor shortages if they existed -- the H2A
program. Some 99 percent of growers' applications for H2A workers are granted;
tens of thousands of farm workers have been imported by agribusiness under the
H2A, mainly on the East Coast and in the Midwest.

Growers have never used the H2A program in California because when they have
applied for it, domestic farm workers have shown up to take the jobs.


DOLORES C. HUERTA

Washington

The writer is co-founder and secretary treasurer of the United Farm Workers of
America, AFL-CIO.



LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              314 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            January 11, 2010 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

ICE FIRES UP NEW MUSIC IN ADVENTUROUS CONCERT

BYLINE: Andrew Druckenbrod, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; MUSIC REVIEW; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 675 words


As names go, International Contemporary Ensemble dryly describes this new music
group based out of Chicago and New York and completely misrepresents it. You'd
hardly be faulted for assuming ICE, as it is known, is an elitist and
pretentious organization. But its performance Saturday night, opening the
University of Pittsburgh's Music on the Edge series, said otherwise. The
sold-out affair in the hip environs of The Andy Warhol Museum brimmed with
humor, casual demeanor and entertainment -- a far cry from the stuffy, academic
flavor that dominated new-music groups of past decades. ICE even managed to find
a light-hearted Elliot Carter piece.

This concert was geared to the audience's enjoyment, not the mythical pursuit of
the future progress of music. Even when the four performers opened with a
difficult work built on a nearly absurd grouping of instruments -- Edgar
Guzman's "Coincidences?" for guitar, bass flute, bass clarinet, percussion and
tape -- the music served the patrons. This collection of partial recordings,
sketches and musical odds and ends the composer threw together like found art
had as much electronic noise and distortion as a Sonic Youth album. But it acted
as a musical palate cleanser, shaking us from the rudimentary activities of the
day and setting our minds for adventurous music. We used to call this sort of
thing an overture, and I suppose it was a noisy version of one, but that just
shows further that ICE isn't afraid to invoke a tradition if it helps to engage
the audience.

Saturday's four performers are only a subset of the entire collective of about
20 freelance musicians that make up ICE. Looking at flutist Claire Chase,
clarinetist Joshua Rubin, guitarist Daniel Lippel and percussionist David
Schotzko was like looking at classical music's future, in which most musicians
may be free agents doing more of what they want on stage and taking a larger
role in it.

For all the international scope of the group's repertoire, the piece that stood
out for me was Pitt composer Amy Williams' "Cineshape 1." I haven't liked every
piece in her series of works inspired by art films, but this one, loosely based
on the epic Korean film "Chunhyang," was a brilliant imagining of the narrative
pansori music of the movie. Here, the singer and single drummer of this
traditional music were transformed into flute and bass drum. The catch here was
that Williams didn't use any quotes from the film or even from pansori song. I
wouldn't call this exoticism -- all the rage in Debussy's time but disparaged
later as ethnocentric -- but a creative response in a composer triggered by
something else. Schotzko's methodical striking of the bass drum with sticks
(rute), mallet and hand in almost ostinato fashion punctuated the singing
phrases of Chase. These built in emotion as the piece progressed, telling its
own story in dramatic, exquisite and nuanced terms.

Schotzko may be the most maddeningly talented percussionist I have heard. In
works such as Philippe Manoury's "Last" for bass clarinet and marimba, he was
able to fly over the wooden keys with two mallets in each hand while looking as
calm as if he were watching TV. This work, another for a bizarre combination of
instruments, had him playing blisteringly fast and complicated runs, figures and
chords, which he did with remarkable grace and precision. Many percussionists
treat the marimba as a bunch of tuned drums, but to Schotzko it was clearly a
piano.

Carter's "Esprit Rude/Esprit Doux" for flute and clarinet was written for Pierre
Boulez's 60th birthday and had funny bouts in which the two instruments seemed
to be talking quickly over each other. But the work that most expressed the
emotion of the composer was Magnus Lindberg's "Linea d'Ombra." Written for
flute, clarinet, guitar and percussion, it revealed his joy at finally leaving
school (the Sibelius Academy in Finland), in turns with ebullient music and
cathartic screams and ending with playing on a metal washtub. A perfect way to
end this concert in which fun trumped academic rigor.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Andrew Druckenbrod blogs at Classical Musings on post-gazette.com/music.
/

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              315 of 997 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday

Amendment backer sues Missouri's secretary of state over ballot language

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 684  words


A group trying to add a proposed constitutional amendment to the November 2008
ballot is suing Missouri's secretary of state over language describing the
initiative petition.

At issue is the election official's description of the proposal as an attempt to
end affirmative action.

Tim Asher, executive director of the Missouri Civil Rights Initiative, the group
pushing the amendment, described it as attempt to stop "preferential treatment"
based on race, gender, ethnicity or national origin in the public sphere.

He sued Secretary of State Robin Carnahan last month in Cole County Circuit
Court, alleging the summary statement to be printed on the ballot misrepresents
his group's proposal. Asher also contends the language is argumentative,
prejudicial and untrue, and he faults the summary statement for being confusing.

"I think the biggest misconception that exists is that we're trying to do
something to hurt anyone, and all we're trying to do is to make everything
equal," said Asher, a Grain Valley resident.

The ballot summary asks if the state constitution should be amended to:

-- "Ban affirmative action programs designed to eliminate discrimination
against, and improve opportunities for, women and minorities in public
contracting, employment and education; and

-- "Allow preferential treatment based on race, sex, color, ethnicity, or
national origin to meet federal program funds eligibility standards as well as
preferential treatment for bona fide qualifications based on sex?"

Carnahan's office stands by the wording.

"It's our legal interpretation that the amendment would ban affirmative action
programs, and that's why it's in the summary statement," said Mindy Mazur,
spokeswoman for the secretary of state's office.

Asher said the initiative is not an effort to do away with affirmative action -
just those programs that discriminate to achieve race-based parity. He cited the
recent dispute concerning minority contractors working on the Lumière Place
casino project in downtown St. Louis. Minority-participation goals are quotas,
he said, and quotas are unconstitutional.

Asher said he became involved in the effort after he noticed race-based
preferential treatment while he worked in the admissions office at North Central
Missouri College in Trenton. He said he read up on the issue and then called the
head of the Sacramento, Calif.-based American Civil Rights Initiative.

Asher said the group is spearheading an effort dubbed "Super Tuesday for
Equality" to get similar initiatives placed on the November 2008 ballot in
Colorado, Oklahoma, Nebraska and Arizona, too. The effort is to create a
color-blind society to replace the color-conscious society that exists now, he
said.

Four days after Asher filed his suit, two other Missourians sued Carnahan over
the same issue. Steve Isrealite of Jackson County and Greg Shufeldt of St. Louis
allege the summary statement is "under-inclusive," according to their lawyer,
Jane Dueker of Stinson Morrison Hecker.

But Shufeldt and Israelite aren't Asher's allies in the effort. They argue the
secretary of state's summary doesn't go far enough. And while Asher says
preferential treatment is unconstitutional, Shufeldt and Israelite say the
proposed amendment is unconstitutional.

Missouri voters have the right to know that this measure isn't a full ban on
affirmative action, Dueker said. The summary fails to mention preferential
treatment would still be allowed on the bases of religion, disability, veteran
status and age, Shufeldt and Israelite's lawsuit alleges.

The amendment violates the Missouri Constitution's single-subject requirements
and sections of federal law, Shufeldt and Israelite contend. The amendment would
hamstring governmental entities that want to remedy problems of race- or
gender-based discrimination, Dueker said. Those entities that want to be
proactive and resolve discrimination issues without going to federal court would
be breaking the law under this amendment, she said.

While purporting to advocate equal opportunity for everybody, Dueker said the
amendment would cut off remedies for victims of discrimination.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 997 DOCUMENTS


              St. Charles County Business Record (St. Charles, MO)

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday

Amendment backer sues Missouri secretary of state over ballot language

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 646  words


A group trying to add a proposed constitutional amendment to the November 2008
ballot is suing Missouri's secretary of state over language describing the
initiative petition.

At issue is the election official's description of the proposal as an attempt to
end affirmative action.

Tim Asher, executive director of the Missouri Civil Rights Initiative, the group
pushing the amendment, described it as attempt to stop "preferential treatment"
based on race, gender, ethnicity or national origin in the public sphere.

He sued Secretary of State Robin Carnahan last month in Cole County Circuit
Court, alleging the summary statement to be printed on the ballot misrepresents
his group's proposal. Asher also contends the language is argumentative,
prejudicial and untrue, and he faults the summary statement for being confusing.

"I think the biggest misconception that exists is that we're trying to do
something to hurt anyone, and all we're trying to do is to make everything
equal," Asher said.

The proposed amendment reads: "The state shall not discriminate against, or
grant preferential treatment to, any individual or group on the basis of race,
sex, ethnicity, or national origin in the operation of public employment, public
education, or public contracting. "

Carnahan's office stands by the wording of the ballot title.

"It's our legal interpretation that the amendment would ban affirmative action
programs, and that's why it's in the summary statement," said Mindy Mazur,
spokeswoman for the secretary of state's office.

Asher said the initiative is not an effort to do away with affirmative action -
just those programs that discriminate to achieve race-based parity. He cited the
recent dispute concerning minority contractors working on the Lumière Place
project downtown. Minority-participation goals are quotas, he said, and quotas
are unconstitutional.

Asher said he became involved in the effort after he noticed race-based
preferential treatment while he worked in the admissions office at North Central
Missouri College in Trenton. He said he read up on the issue and then called the
head of the Sacramento, Calif.-based American Civil Rights Initiative.

Asher said the group is spearheading an effort dubbed "Super Tuesday for
Equality" to get similar initiatives placed on the November 2008 ballot in
Colorado, Oklahoma, Nebraska and Arizona, too. The effort is to create a
color-blind society to replace the color-conscious society that exists now, he
said.

Four days after Asher filed his suit, two other Missourians sued Carnahan over
the same issue. Greg Shufeldt of St. Louis and Steve Isrealite of Jackson County
allege the summary statement is "under-inclusive," according to their lawyer,
Jane Dueker of Stinson Morrison Hecker.

But Shufeldt and Israelite aren't Asher's allies in the effort. They argue the
secretary of state's summary doesn't go far enough. And while Asher says
preferential treatment is unconstitutional, Shufeldt and Israelite say the
proposed amendment is unconstitutional.

Missouri voters have the right to know that this measure isn't a full ban on
affirmative action, Dueker said. The summary fails to mention preferential
treatment would still be allowed on the bases of religion, disability, veteran
status and age, Shufeldt and Israelite's lawsuit alleges.

The amendment violates the Missouri Constitution's single-subject requirements
and sections of federal law, Shufeldt and Israelite contend. The amendment would
hamstring governmental entities that want to remedy problems of race- or
gender-based discrimination, Dueker said. Those entities that want to be
proactive and resolve discrimination issues without going to federal court would
be breaking the law under this amendment, she said.

While purporting to advocate equal opportunity for everybody, Dueker said the
amendment would cut off remedies for victims of discrimination.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 997 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday

Amendment backer sues over ballot language

LENGTH: 690  words


A group trying to add a proposed constitutional amendment to the November 2008
ballot is suing Missouri¡¯s secretary of state over language describing the
initiative petition.

At issue is the election official¡¯s description of the proposal as an attempt
to end affirmative action.

Tim Asher, executive director of the Missouri Civil Rights Initiative, the group
pushing the amendment, described it as attempt to stop ¡°preferential
treatment¡± based on race, gender, ethnicity or national origin in the public
sphere.

He sued Secretary of State Robin Carnahan last month in Cole County Circuit
Court, alleging the summary statement to be printed on the ballot misrepresents
his group¡¯s proposal. Asher also contends the language is argumentative,
prejudicial and untrue, and he faults the summary statement for being confusing.

¡°I think the biggest misconception that exists is that we¡¯re trying to do
something to hurt anyone, and all we¡¯re trying to do is to make everything
equal,¡± said Asher, a Grain Valley resident.

The ballot summary asks if the state constitution should be amended to:

¡ñ ¡°Ban affirmative action programs designed to eliminate discrimination
against, and improve opportunities for, women and minorities in public
contracting, employment and education; and

¡ñ ¡°Allow preferential treatment based on race, sex, color, ethnicity, or
national origin to meet federal program funds eligibility standards as well as
preferential treatment for bona fide qualifications based on sex?¡±

Carnahan¡¯s office stands by the wording.

¡°It¡¯s our legal interpretation that the amendment would ban affirmative action
programs, and that¡¯s why it¡¯s in the summary statement,¡± said Mindy Mazur,
spokeswoman for the secretary of state¡¯s office.

Asher said the initiative is not an effort to do away with affirmative action ¨C
just those programs that discriminate to achieve race-based parity. He cited the
recent dispute concerning minority contractors working on the Lumi¨¨re Place
casino project in downtown St. Louis. Minority-participation goals are quotas,
he said, and quotas are unconstitutional.

Asher said he became involved in the effort after he noticed race-based
preferential treatment while he worked in the admissions office at North Central
Missouri College in Trenton. He said he read up on the issue and then called the
head of the Sacramento, Calif.-based American Civil Rights Initiative.

Asher said the group is spearheading an effort dubbed ¡°Super Tuesday for
Equality¡± to get similar initiatives placed on the November 2008 ballot in
Colorado, Oklahoma, Nebraska and Arizona, too. The effort is to create a
color-blind society to replace the color-conscious society that exists now, he
said.

Four days after Asher filed his suit, two other Missourians sued Carnahan over
the same issue. Steve Isrealite of Jackson County and Greg Shufeldt of St. Louis
allege the summary statement is ¡°under-inclusive,¡± according to their lawyer,
Jane Dueker of Stinson Morrison Hecker.

But Shufeldt and Israelite aren¡¯t Asher¡¯s allies in the effort. They argue the
secretary of state¡¯s summary doesn¡¯t go far enough. And while Asher says
preferential treatment is unconstitutional, Shufeldt and Israelite say the
proposed amendment is unconstitutional.

Missouri voters have the right to know that this measure isn¡¯t a full ban on
affirmative action, Dueker said. The summary fails to mention preferential
treatment would still be allowed on the bases of religion, disability, veteran
status and age, Shufeldt and Israelite¡¯s lawsuit alleges.

The amendment violates the Missouri Constitution¡¯s single-subject requirements
and sections of federal law, Shufeldt and Israelite contend. The amendment would
hamstring governmental entities that want to remedy problems of race- or
gender-based discrimination, Dueker said. Those entities that want to be
proactive and resolve discrimination issues without going to federal court would
be breaking the law under this amendment, she said.

While purporting to advocate equal opportunity for everybody, Dueker said the
amendment would cut off remedies for victims of discrimination.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          January 20, 1971, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 43, Column 6

LENGTH: 97 words

SEC files injunction suit alleging former Tex Atty Gen W Carr and 13 others
sought to defraud and misrepresent material facts and omitted to state other
facts in purchase and sale of stock in Natl Bankers Life Ins Co, Master Control
Inc and Olympic Life Ins Co; individuals listed; Carr denies wrongdoing; illus;
injunction also sought against 10 cos in Dallas and Houston, stating that plan
was started through Tex Legis to allow private insuring of state bank deposits
and that, to obtain passage of such bill, certain legislators and others were
given opportunities to profit; por

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              319 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 1, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Word for Word/The Presley Papers;
It's Just a Hunka, Hunka Burnin' Nixon Americana

BYLINE: By TOM KUNTZ

SECTION: Section 4;  Page 7;  Column 1;  Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1300 words


All right, the eulogies for Richard M. Nixon are over and a great American is
buried. But let's not misrepresent the true Nixon gestalt, which encompassed not
only the grand mastery and malpractice of politics but also some excursions into
absurdity. Here was a President of many paradoxes, not least of which was his
ability (shared by his staff) to seem at once rigidly on top of things and
woefully out of touch.

The classic example may be Mr. Nixon's brief meeting at the White House with
Elvis Presley on Dec. 21, 1970, three and a half years before the President's
resignation over Watergate and six and a half years before the singer's death
amid prescription-drug abuse and self-indulgence. The famous photograph of that
encounter -- two men destined for different types of self-destruction -- has
become an icon of both the President and the King. More illuminating is the
record of the meeting, which has been in the public domain since 1986 (unlike
many White House records whose release Mr. Nixon successfully fought in court)
and is now housed at the Nixon Presidential Materials Project of the National
Archives in College Park, Md. Here are excerpts.   TOM KUNTZ



Mailing It Special 'D'

Elvis personally delivered a letter seeking a meeting with the President to a
White House guard on the morning of the encounter. In Presley's hand, it was
written on his flight to Washington, to judge from the airline stationery used.
His intention was to add to his collection of law-enforcement paraphernalia by
obtaining the credentials of a Federal agent in the war on drugs (and he was
rebuffed in this quest on a visit to the Narcotics Bureau, the columnist Jack
Anderson later reported):

 Dear Mr. President:

First, I would like to introduce myself. I am Elvis Presley and admire you and
have Great Respect for your office. I talked to Vice President Agnew in Palm
Springs three weeks ago and expressed my concern for our country. The Drug
Culture, the Hippie Elements, the S.D.S. [Students for a Democratic Society],
Black Panthers, etc. do not consider me as their enemy or as they call it the
Establishment. I call it America and I love it. . . . I have no concerns or
motives other than helping the country out. So I wish not to be given a title or
an appointed position. I can and will do more good if I were made a Federal
Agent at Large and I will help out by doing it my through my communications with
people of all ages. . . . I am on this plane with Sen. George Murphy [of
California] and we have been discussing the problems that our country is faced
with.

Sir, I am staying at the Washington Hotel, Room 505-506-507 -- I have 2 men who
work with me by the name of Jerry Schilling and Sonny West. I am registered
under the name of Jon Burrows. I will be here for as long as it takes to get the
credentials of a Federal Agent. I have done an in-depth study of drug abuse and
Communist brainwashing techniques and I am right in the middle of the whole
thing where I can and will do the most good.

I am glad to help just so long as it is kept very private. . . . I was nominated
this coming year one of America's Ten Most Outstanding Young Men. . . . I am
sending you the short autobiography about myself so you can better understand
this approach. I would love to meet you just to say hello if you're not too
busy.

Respectfully, Elvis Presley

P.S. I believe that you Sir were one of the Top Ten Outstanding Men of America
also. . . .

Presley's appearance quickly prompted this memo from Dwight L. Chapin, Mr.
Nixon's appointments secretary, to H. R. Haldeman, the President's chief of
staff (both aides were later convicted in the Watergate scandal):

SUBJECT: Elvis Presley.

Attached you will find a letter to the President from Elvis Presley. As you are
aware, Presley showed up here this morning and has requested an appointment with
the President. . . .

As you are well aware, Presley was voted one of the ten outstanding young men
for next year and this was based upon his work in the field of drugs. The thrust
of Presley's letter is that he wants to become a "Federal agent at large" to
work against the drug problem by communicating with people of all ages. . . .

I suggest that we do the following:

This morning Bud Krogh [Egil Krogh Jr., also convicted in the Watergate scandal]
will have Mr. Presley in and talk to him about drugs and about what Presley can
do. Bud will also check to see if there is some kind of honorary agent at large
or credential of some sort that we can provide for Presley. After Bud has met
with Presley, it is recommended that we have Bud bring Presley in during the
Open Hour to meet briefly with the President. . . . We both think that it would
be wrong to push Presley off on the Vice President since it will take very
little of the President's time . . .

In addition, if the President wants to meet with some bright young people
outside of the Government, Presley might be a perfect one to start with. [Here a
note in Mr. Haldeman's hand is scrawled in the margin: "You must be kidding."]

'Get High on Life'

Mr. Haldeman's approval of Mr. Chapin's plan led to this memorandum to the
President:

SUBJECT: Meeting with Elvis Presley

TALKING POINTS: . . . The problem is critical: As of December 14, 1970, 1,022
people died this year in New York alone from just narcotic-related deaths. . . .
Two of youth's folk heroes, Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin, recently died within
a period of two weeks reportedly from drug-related causes. Their deaths are a
sharp reminder of how the rock music culture has been linked to the drug
sub-culture. . . .

Suggestions for Presley activities:

1. Work with White House staff.

2. . . . Encourage the creation of an hour Television Special in which Presley
narrates as stars such as himself sing popular songs and interpret them for
parents in order to show drug and other anti-establishment themes in rock music.

3. Encourage fellow artists to develop a new rock musical theme, "Get High on
Life."

4. Record an album with the theme "Get High on Life" at the federal narcotic
rehabilitation and research facility at Lexington, Kentucky. . . .

After the meeting, Mr. Krogh filed notes on it:

The meeting opened with pictures taken of the President and Elvis Presley.

Presley immediately began showing the President his law enforcement
paraphernalia including badges from police departments in California, Colorado
and Tennessee. . . .

The President mentioned that he thought Presley could reach young people, and
that it was important for Presley to retain his credibility. Presley responded
that he did his thing by "just singing." . . .

Presley indicated that he thought the Beatles had been a real force for
anti-American spirit. He said that the Beatles came to this country, made their
money, and then returned to England where they promoted an anti-American theme.
The President nodded in agreement and expressed some surprise. The President
then indicated that those who use drugs are also those in the vanguard of
anti-American protest. . . . Presley indicated to the President in a very
emotional manner that he was "on your side." . . . He also mentioned that he is
studying Communist brainwashing and the drug culture for over ten years. He
mentioned that he knew a lot about this and was accepted by the hippies. . . .
At the conclusion of the meeting, Presley again told the President how much he
supported him, and then, in a surprising, spontaneous gesture, put his left arm
around the President and hugged him. . . .

Presley got an honorary badge, and Mr. Nixon thanked him in a note for his
"thoughtfulness in giving me the commemorative World War II Colt 45 pistol,
encased in the handsome wooden chest."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Nixon with Elvis at the White House, Presley's letter and
Haldeman's margin scrawl.

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              320 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   October 23, 2003 Thursday Marshall Edition

Alexie delivers commentary in humorous package

BYLINE: By ANDREW S. HUGHES; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 572 words


DOWAGIAC -- It's tempting to say the Dogwood Fine Arts Festival should have
imposed a two-drink minimum for Sherman Alexie's appearance Wednesday night at
Central Middle School.

Tempting, but that would misrepresent the masterful use of narrative structure
and storytelling that Alexie engaged in during his 90-minute appearance.

Alexie's appearance had the form of a stand-up comedian's set as he moved from
bit to bit, but in the end, he tagged all of those bits back to the story he
began to tell at the beginning about his grandfather, a hero in World War II who
was killed in combat after earning 12 medals during his time of service and what
that meant for his identity -- "I'm a commie pinko pacifist liberal" -- and for
the nation's identity.

"How do you go from war hero to commie pinko pacifist liberal in two uneasy
steps?" Alexie asked before setting out on a narrative journey that attempted to
answer that question.

War -- between fathers and sons, between nations, between races, within oneself
-- provided the metaphor and subject matter from which Alexie drew both his
humor and his story.

A Spokane/Coeur d'Alene Indian from Washington state, Alexie didn't know about
his grandfather's valor until he was asked to participate in a genealogy program
in Los Angeles with other celebrities.

That's how the story began. Like a novel, however, it had many subplots, ranging
from Sept. 11, 2001, to the flu, from "Oprah" to flying, from penis envy to
terrorism. Every 10 minutes or so, Alexie returned to his grandfather and the
medals. In between, he delivered comic bits and pointed commentary, usually in
the same breath.

On Sept. 16, 2001, a man in a pickup truck yelled at Alexie that he should "go
back to your own country" while Alexie was crossing a street in Seattle.

"It wasn't so much a crime of hate as a crime of irony," he said. "I mean irony
that's the opposite of the intended meaning, not Alanis Morissette irony, which
is coincidence. He was halfway down the block before I could get enough breath
to yell, 'You first.' "

After Sept. 11, Alexie said, all American Indians are now "ambiguously ethnic"
and the target of security checks. He flew the first day planes were allowed in
the skies again after Sept. 11.

"I didn't want them to be afraid of me," he said of his fellow passengers.
"That's the thing about identity: We want everybody to see us as we see
ourselves."

Before he finished the story -- on "Oprah" receiving reissued medals in his
grandfather's name -- Alexie called for two years of mandatory national service,
told why he was grateful a security guard "cupped" his crotch at a checkpoint --
"somebody will (have a knife there), and this guy will find it" -- filleted
vegans ("Do you know what a privilege it is to be able to decide what you get to
eat?"), and blasted and admired the arrogance of President Bush for landing on
the deck of the USS Abraham Lincoln to declare the war in Iraq over May 1.

"I have ideas, and I have a lot of questions," Alexie said at the end, after he
had been able to bring his father his grandfather's medals, after Sept. 11,
after security checks and racial profiling, after indicting himself and everyone
else as hypocrites.

"Not many people are asking questions, so if you take anything away from
tonight, be suspicious of everyone," he said. "I'm a commie pinko pacifist
liberal; I'm an unsure commie pinko pacifist liberal."


LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Author Sherman Alexie performs Wednesday night at Dowagiac Central
Middle School.  Tribune Photo/JASON MILLER

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              321 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                          February 28, 2008, Thursday

Will U.S. become world's nuclear-waste dump?

BYLINE: Mark Clayton Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1202 words


The federal government is weighing a Utah company's request to import large
amounts of low-level radioactive waste from Italy - a step critics say could
lead the United States to become a nuclear garbage dump for the world.

If approved, the company would ship up to 20,000 tons of metal piping, sludge,
wood, contaminated clothing, and other mildly radioactive material from Italian
nuclear-power plants to Tennessee, process most of it, then dispose of the
remainder in Utah. It would be by far America's largest import of nuclear waste.

The proposal, which entered a 30-day public-comment period on Feb. 11, is
gathering opposition from environmentalists, regulators, and congressmen. It
would not only pave the way for more such imports, critics say, but also give
nations less incentive to take care of their own nuclear waste.

"If this massive quantity from Italy is accepted, it just blows the doors wide
open for nuclear waste to come in from all over the world," says Tom Clements,
Southeast nuclear campaign coordinator for Friends of the Earth, an
environmental group in Washington. "The NRC [Nuclear Regulatory Commission] has
an obligation to deal with the waste generated in this country first and not
accept foreign waste that fills up existing sites."

Critics misrepresent how much material would be ultimately disposed of in Utah,
counter officials of EnergySolutions, the Salt Lake City company proposing to
import the Italian waste. Most material would be recycled or incinerated in
Tennessee. Just 8 percent of the original volume would travel to Utah, the
company wrote in a letter to the NRC.

"EnergySolutions does not believe the United States should be responsible for
the world's nuclear waste," company spokesman Mark Walker writes in response to
e-mailed questions from a reporter. But as reliance on nuclear power grows
worldwide, "the US is in a leadership role to provide technical solutions."

Whether such imports will become a regular practice remains a question. The
company "has no plans" to open its Utah disposal site "to wholesale disposal for
the world's nuclear waste," Mr. Walker writes. But in a recent prospectus, the
company envisions "specialized decommissioning and disposal services" for Europe
and the United Kingdom.

Only 10 of 18 nations surveyed by the Government Accountability Office (GAO)
last year have disposal options for low-level nuclear waste and none has options
for all classes of such waste.

Critics say import regulations are weak because Congress never foresaw that the
US would import large volumes of radioactive waste. "There is no indication in
[legislative action or NRC regulatory action] that there was any intention that
the United States would ever become a welcome repository of foreign-generated
radioactive waste," Rep. Bart Gordon (D) of Tennessee, chairman of the House
Committee on Science and Technology wrote earlier this month in a letter to Dale
Klein, NRC chairman.

While the US has long permitted low-level radioactive waste imports, most have
been small compared with the EnergySolutions request. Of 24 such waste-import
license applications over the years, NRC records show 13 granted, according to
an analysis by the House committee. The EnergySolutions plan is 25 times bigger
than the largest import from outside North America, that analysis shows.

EnergySolutions says its plan is not out of line with past licenses. The company
cites a 2006 license to import 6,000 tons of waste from Canada - about one-third
the size of its Italy request.

Yet the Italy proposal would be "the first attempt by a US waste processing
company to import large amounts of [low-level radioactive waste] as part of an
agreement to decommission foreign nuclear reactors," Representative Gordon
writes. If granted, "many other such license applications will follow" rather
than forcing nations to deal with their own waste.

That could be a problem, since the space available in US low-level waste sites
would fill up in the long run if the US nuclear industry expands, as many
expect.

"The uncertainties surrounding disposal costs and availability and other
limitations in [low-level radioactive waste] management are taking on even
greater significance as the United States embarks on developing new nuclear
power plants, which would eventually create even more" low-level waste, the GAO
reported last year.

At present, the US has 104 commercial nuclear power plants each generating on
average about 12,000 cubic feet of low-level nuclear waste - about 15 million
cubic feet annually, the GAO says. The US has three facilities that accept the
least-toxic "Class A" radioactive waste.

But the site in Barnwell, S.C., is nearly full and in June will be closed to
waste from all but three states. The site in Richland, Wash., is accepting only
limited amounts. That leaves EnergySolutions' site at Clive, Utah, which took
more than 99 percent of the nation's low-level waste in 2006. There appears to
be "sufficient disposal capacity" for "Class A" waste, but "uncertain future
access" for other categories, the GAO says.

Walker says the EnergySolutions facility has "at least 20 years of capacity" and
that the Italian material represents less than 1 percent of the annual average
amount disposed at the site.

While the NRC keeps an eye on disposal site capacity, Chairman Klein in a letter
last month noted that the NRC's environmental and public-health review of the
application to import Italian waste "is limited to ensuring that the import and
transportation of the facility will not be exceeded."

Even so, the NRC has sought details about material to be imported and assurances
that it will meet US standards for low-level waste disposal. EnergySolutions, in
a December letter, revealed to NRC that three of the eight Italy sites from
which it expects to get material "may be comparable" to US Superfund sites, akin
to sites identified by the US Environmental Protection Agency as among America's
most toxic waste sites.

In the end, though, it is largely up to states to decide whether such shipments
make sense for them, the NRC spokesman says.

"Is there a place willing and able to accept the material - that's where we
consult the states in question, Tennessee and Utah," says NRC spokesman David
McIntyre. "If the states say 'no,' we wouldn't let it in."

So far, Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. has not put a halt to the EnergySolutions
plan. Yet concern seems to be growing in Utah, including the state's three-man
Radiation Control Board, whose members are appointed by the governor. At its
December meeting, two members expressed unhappiness with the Italian waste
import plan. A statement by the board reflecting opposition to it is expected,
some observers say, although it is unclear what effect that might have.

Activists are also ramping up calls for public opposition.

"We see this as the camel's nose under the tent," says Vanessa Pierce, executive
director of Healthy Environment Alliance of Utah, a coalition of environmental
groups. "If we establish a precedent for importing very large quantities of
foreign nuclear waste, we're going to make the US and Utah the dumping ground
for the rest of the world."

(c) Copyright 2008. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           September 24, 2007 Monday

Gov. Patrick gets it right on sex ed

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 460 words


Matt Kinnaman's op-ed piece ("Governor is wrong on abstinence education," Sept.
19) misrepresents Gov. Deval Patrick's stand on sex education programs and seeks
to mislead Eagle readers. Gov. Patrick has rightly rejected a modest amount of
federal funding for abstinence-only-until-marriage sex education programs.

There is no scientific evidence that these programs that censor information
about contraception are effective. On the other hand, research continues to show
that comprehensive sex education, which teaches both abstinence and
contraception, is most effective for young people. Youth who get this kind of
education are more likely to start sexual activity later in life and use
protection correctly and consistently when they do. Evaluations of comprehensive
sex ed programs show that these programs delay the onset of sexual activity,
reduce the frequency of sexual activity, reduce the number of sexual partners,
and increase condom and contraceptive use. The evidence shows that these
programs do not encourage teens to become sexually active.

Kinnaman's article conflates "abstinence'' education, which is part of
comprehensive sex ed, with "abstinence-only-until-marriage'' programs, which
don't talk about real-world options for pregnancy and disease prevention or
offer any information or tools for gay or questioning youth. Many abstinence
only programs contain serious medical inaccuracies and rely on manipulation,
fear and gender bias to make their points. Republican and Democratic governors
and Legislatures in California, Connecticut, Maine, Montana, New Jersey, Ohio,
Rhode Island and Wisconsin have rejected federal Title V funding for abstinence
only programs. New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer's administration has cancelled all
current Title V contracts and may well reject future funding.

I'm an AIDS advocate and activist who has worked to highlight the problems with
abstinence-only programs across the country. I'm also the father of two
pre-teenaged children. I want my kids to be safe, informed and respectful of
themselves and others. I want them to learn about abstinence, but I also want
them to learn about other options when the time is right. I want them to get
medically accurate, age-appropriate and comprehensive information on sex and
sexuality. Polls show that these views are shared by the vast majority of
Americans, but they're not reflected in the extremist programs defended by Matt
Kinnaman.

I'm glad Gov. Patrick had the courage to reject federal funding for programs
that can hurt our kids. And I hope that our public programs, and our family
discussions, will help Massachusetts youth make healthy decisions about sex and
sexuality.

MICHAEL KINK

Albany, N.Y.

The writer is legislative counsel for Housing Works Inc.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 28, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Genetically Altered Food

SECTION: Section C; Page 7; Column 1; Living Desk

LENGTH: 443 words



To The Living Section:

The article "Trying to Get Labels on Genetically Altered Food" by Marian Burros
(Eating Well, May 21) misrepresents various aspects of the food labeling issue.

The Food and Drug Administration has said that food labeling must be both
accurate and "material." The agency has emphasized that the genetic method used
in the development of a new plant variety is not considered to be material,
because there is no evidence that new biotech foods are less safe than other
foods.

This approach was upheld by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit, in Manhattan, which found in a 1996 decision that such labeling cannot
be compelled just because some consumers may wish to have the information. "Were
consumer interest alone sufficient, there is no end to the information that
states could require manufacturers to disclose about their production methods,"
the court wrote, in overturning a Vermont law in International Dairy Foods
Association v. Amestoy.

The F.D.A.'s approach is consistent with the scientific consensus, that the
risks associated with biotechnology products are fundamentally the same as for
other products. Dozens of new plant varieties modified with traditional genetic
engineering techniques like hybridization enter the marketplace each year
without labeling. Many are from "wide crosses," in which genes have been moved
from one species or genus to another to create new plant varieties that do not
exist in nature.  These genetically altered plants -- including wheat, corn,
rice, oats, tomatoes and potatoes -- have been a major part of American and
European diets for decades.

New biotechnology does not introduce new risks to the food supply. The precision
of new biotechnology tools enhances our ability to judge safety, because it
enables breeders to introduce only one or a few well-characterized genes.
Nevertheless, a few anti-technology advocacy groups (apparently joined by Ms.
Burros) are pushing for labels that disclose the use of certain genetic
engineering techniques. This would add significantly to the costs of processed
foods made from fresh fruits and vegetables.

If there is a public demand for "nongenetically engineered" foods, there is
nothing to stop food producers from meeting that need and advertising and
labeling their products.  This would be similar to the certification of kosher
foods, which meet the requirements of Jewish dietary laws.

SUSANNE L. HUTTNER, Ph.D.
Director
University of California
Systemwide Biotechnology Program
Berkeley, Calif.

HENRY I. MILLER, M.D.
Hoover Institution
Stanford University
Stanford, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              324 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 9, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Illinois's Real Role In Dave Wilson's Suit

SECTION: Section 5; Page 2, Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 279 words


To the Sports Editor: The Times's report on Illinois quarterback Dave Wilson's
N.C.A.A.  record 621-yard passing performance against Ohio State (Nov. 9)
approximately chronicles a brilliant athletic accomplishment but misrepresents
the role of the University of Illinois in securing Wilson's 1980 eligibility.

An injunction was not ''obtained by the school permitting Wilson to play.'' To
the contrary, the University of Illinois is a co-defendant in Wilson's
independent suit against the Big Ten and the N.C.A.A., and would be in contempt
of an order of the Illinois Supreme Court if Wilson were not allowed to play.
One need not be an Illinois fan to prefer the judgment of that body to what many
observers consider a snarling overreaction of Big Ten officials to the Pac-10
academic scandal.

The issue is if Wilson is academically a junior, and therefore eligible in 1980,
or a senior. A broken arm suffered on the day of his first game in 1977 at
Fullerton (Calif.) State College caused Wilson to drop out of the junior
college. He returned the next September and played football in 1978 and 1979.

Whether Wilson was eligible to play at Illinois in 1980; whether he will be
eligible to play as a senior in 1981, and if the ''red shirt'' rule, which
allows players to sit out most or all of a season without losing eligibility,
should apply uniformly throughout college sports are the questions that remain
to be adjudicated.  Regardless of the decisions, Wilson's accomplishment will
stand as a tribute to his remarkable talent, Mike White's extraordinary coaching
and the character of both men under highly unusual pressure.  DAVID M. PAISLEY

Montclair, N.J.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              325 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 29, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Aetna Says It Is Under S.E.C. Review

BYLINE: By MILT FREUDENHEIM

SECTION: Section C; Page 1; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 938 words


Aetna Inc., the nation's biggest health insurer, said yesterday that the
Securities and Exchange Commission had started a review of the way the company
accounted for its August purchase of the money-losing Prucare unit of the
Prudential Insurance Company of America. That deal made Aetna the industry
leader with more than 20 million customers, including 1.2 million in New York
and nearby areas.

The review was the latest in a barrage of actions that have jolted investors,
battering Aetna and other big managed-care companies. They include at least four
class-action lawsuits, a new law in California and a similar measure passed by
the House of Representatives that would open H.M.O.'s to malpractice lawsuits.

The lawsuits generally seek unspecified damages and injunctions against the
managed-care companies, contending that the companies misrepresent to customers
that they are getting the best possible care when in fact, the suits say, the
cost of care is the determining factor.

Regardless of the eventual outcome in Congress and the courts, the suits,
including a class-action suit brought yesterday against Aetna in San Diego, are
creating "a cloud over these companies," said James A. Lane, a health care
analyst at Salomon Smith Barney.

Aetna shares dropped $2.6875 yesterday, or 5 percent, to $48.50 on the New York
Stock Exchange, less than half their value a year ago.

Richard Huber, the chief executive of Aetna, which is based in Hartford, said
that he was "upset, puzzled, frustrated" by the reaction to the class-action
suits against Aetna and other managed-care companies. "The bark of the wolf was
sufficient to vaporize $10 billion" in managed-care stock values, he said.

"This is the seventh consecutive quarter of growth in operating earnings" for
Aetna, he said. "We wish the stock reflected that."

But Arun Kumar, an analyst at Standard & Poor's, said that as "the largest
company in managed care, Aetna tends to attract the most controversy and
attention; it is hard to tell if it is justified."

Analysts said that the S.E.C. review raised the possibility, by no means
certain, that Aetna would have to restate earnings. It could affect 28 cents a
share of after-tax income from the Prudential Insurance Company in the three
months ended Sept. 30, which Aetna booked as service fees and "reinsurance" to
make up for continuing Prucare losses.

Such a change could erase almost all of the gain in earnings before nonrecurring
items for the quarter that Aetna reported yesterday. Some analysts said Aetna
should have subtracted the projected payments by Prudential from the purchase
price, which Aetna announced as $1 billion, instead of booking them as income.

Aetna said its accounting was "appropriate" and had been "thoroughly reviewed
and supported" by its outside auditor, KPMG.

Alan Weber, Aetna's chief financial officer, said the S.E.C. was conducting an
accounting review of Aetna's public filings for the last three years, a time
when the company made a spectacular series of deals. Aetna sold its property and
casualty and life insurance units and bought U.S. Healthcare; NYLcare, from the
New York Life Insurance Company, and Prucare.

"It's a review, not an investigation," he said. "We generally get reviewed every
three years. We haven't been reviewed since 1996."

Dan Goelzer, a lawyer with Baker & McKenzie in Washington who is a former S.E.C.
general counsel, said that as a general rule, if the agency "determined that a
company's financial statements or results had been materially off, then that
company would have to restate" earnings results for those periods.

Joyce Oberdorf, an Aetna spokeswoman, said the company "did not wish to
speculate" on the outcome of the S.E.C. review.

"It's going to be wait and see," said Roberta Goodman, an analyst at Merrill
Lynch & Company.

Joseph France, an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston, said investors should
not be concerned because "all of this accounting has been known about for a long
time."

Indeed, issues raised by Aetna's accounting methods in the Prudential deal were
discussed in a Market Place column in The New York Times in July.

The S.E.C. has examined dozens of mergers and acquisitions this year, taking up
several accounting concerns. Complaints were issued last month against 15 public
companies.

Asked yesterday about Aetna, an S.E.C. official said: "The commission is unable
to discuss whether it is looking at any particular company."

Aetna told analysts it had improved its results by raising premiums more than 10
percent for next year and closing unprofitable Medicare health maintenance
organizations in six states earlier this year.

The company said net income in the third quarter was $165.3 million, or $1.09 a
diluted share, down from $212.4 million, or $1.36 a share, in the period a year
earlier, reflecting capital losses, primarily on the sale of its Canadian
business.

Operating earnings were $193.1 million, or $1.27 a diluted share, compared with
operating earnings of $152.2 million, or 96 cents a share, in the quarter a year
earlier. Analysts had expected Aetna to earn $1.16 a share for the quarter,
according to First Call/Thomson Financial.

Health care operating earnings were $140 million, up from $100 million in 1998,
but margins for Aetna U.S. Healthcare, excluding Prudential, were down slightly
on both Medicare H.M.O.'s and commercial H.M.O.'s.

In other units, operating earnings overseas were $44 million, up from $39
million. Operating earnings for financial services declined to $56 million, from
$65 million last year.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              326 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 31, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Jury Clears Tobacco Company in Ex-Smoker's Suit

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: BELLEVILLE, Ill., Jan. 30


A jury in this St. Louis suburb has found that neither the R. J. Reynolds
Company nor the tobacco industry as a whole is responsible for the lung cancer
in a 51-year-old former cigarette smoker who is expected to die of the disease
in the next few months.

The verdict, reached Friday in St. Clair County Circuit Court, came in the
nation's first trial of a liability lawsuit by an ailing smoker against the
industry since the United States Supreme Court ruled last year that the warning
labels on cigarette packs did not shield tobacco manufacturers from such suits.

Among the lawsuits permitted by the Supreme Court's ruling are those that assert
a conspiracy among tobacco companies to misrepresent or conceal the truth about
smoking and health.

It was just such a lawsuit that had been filed by the plaintiff here, Charles
Kueper of Cahokia, Ill., whose lawyer argued that the industry had concealed
research data about smoking's hazards while producing advertising that was
misleading, even fraudulent.

But Mr. Kueper, who began smoking in the fifth grade and continued for almost
four decades, acknowledged in his own testimony three weeks ago that his family
and his doctors had warned him several times over the years to give up his
habit. As a result, he testified, he had at least some awareness that smoking
posed a danger.

This point proved crucial in the outcome of his lawsuit.

'Chose to Smoke'

"The ultimate issue in this case," Paul Crist, a lawyer for R. J. Reynolds, said
during closing arguments on Thursday, "is whether or not someone who chose to
smoke despite warnings over 20 years and withstood warnings from family and
friends ought to be able to come in here and say, 'Give me damages.' "

The 12 jurors, 7 of whom are smokers, deliberated for 14 hours before agreeing
with Mr. Crist. "On the whole the jury decided that if he wanted to smoke, it
was his free choice," said Ed Ratka, the jury's foreman, who is a cigar smoker.

Mr. Kueper was not in court when the verdict was read, but his lawyer responded
with anger at the defendants. "It's almost impossible to fight the power of a
multinational corporation," the lawyer, Bruce Cook, told reporters. "But
eventually we're going to stop them. They're no better than the Colombian drug
lords."

Mr. Kueper, a former member of the Army Special Forces and later a truck driver,
daily smoked as much as two packs of Winston cigarettes, which are manufactured
by R. J. Reynolds.

During the trial, which lasted 10 weeks, Mr. Kueper testified that he had tried
to stop smoking on a number of occasions but had been unable to break the habit
until late 1990, when doctors told him not to smoke around his wife, who was
recuperating from surgery.

A few months later, in March 1991, he was found to be suffering from lung
cancer. His doctors do not expect him to live beyond the spring.

Attack on Advertising

His lawyer, Mr. Cook, acknowledged during the trial that Mr. Kueper was partly
to blame for his illness but said the tobacco industry had nonetheless played a
big role in it through advertising that sought not only to retain smokers but
also to get young people to take up the habit.

Mr. Cook said R. J. Reynolds and the company's co-defendant, the Tobacco
Institute, a trade group, had shown an "utter indifference to the suffering of
others" and should be severely punished.

In closing arguments, Mr. Cook asked the jury to award Mr. Kueper $48 million in
damages from the cigarette makers. "Do us all a favor," he said, "and put them
out of business."

But in the end, the industry prevailed.

"As we have seen repeatedly in other trials," John Strauch, R. J. Reynolds's
chief lawyer in smoking-and-health litigation, said after the verdict had been
announced, "the core issue in these cases is personal responsibility for one's
own conduct and choices."

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              327 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     October 19, 1991, Saturday, 2* EDITION

Name should go minority groups tell Braves' owner Turner

BYLINE: SUN NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; BASEBALL NOTEBOOK; Pg. C13

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: Minneapolic


Not only should Atlanta Braves fans stop the tomahawk chop and other antics that
demean Indians, but team owner Ted Turner should rename the club, a coalition of
minority groups said Friday.

"You have to draw the line on good fun when you infringe on ethnic groups," said
Bill Means, a member of the American Indian Movement.

AIM member Vernon Bellecourt said the coalition would seek a meeting with Turner
to encourage him to set a national example.

Dropping the team name would be a powerful statement against racism, Bellecourt
said, because Indian nicknames in all sports lead to symbols and acts by fans
that misrepresent and dehumanize Indian culture.

"He could have a name-the-team contest," Bellecourt said. "We could be on the
way to real constructive change."

A spokesman for Turner in Atlanta said Turner would not comment. Braves general
manager John Schuerholz said Monday that the team views the stadium antics of
Braves fans as "very positive and certainly doing nothing to discriminate or in
any way negatively impact."

The coalition, which includes the local chapter of the National Association for
the Advancement of Colored People and the Minneapolis Urban League, is supported
by Minneapolis Mayor Don Fraser and the state Indian Affairs Council.

Fraser said his office would mediate any talks between the coalition and Turner.

Indians in Minneapolis and Atlanta said they would protest outside the Metrodome
and Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium before all World Series games.

* Following a disappointing season in which the Chicago Cubs finished tied for
third in the National League East, Jim Essian was fired as manager Friday.

Essian was the 13th major-league manager fired this season.

"It is with great sorrow that I learned I was being replaced as manager of the
Chicago Cubs," Essian said in a statement read by his wife, Jane Ann, who was
reached at the couple's home near Detroit.

"One strength of the team was their work habit and attitude. They possessed a
great desire to win. However, there's an inevitable gap between desire and
ability."

The Cubs also said that bullpen coach Phil Roof and bench coach Joe Altobelli
would not return. The team is retaining third-base coach Chuck Cottier,
first-base coach Jose Martinez and pitching coach Billy Connor.

Essian had a 59-63 record after replacing the fired Don Zimmer on May 22.

* The San Diego Padres yesterday exercised the 1992 contract options for
shortstop Tony Fernandez and right-hander Ed Whitson.

Fernandez and first baseman Fred McGriff were obtained from Toronto last
December in a trade for outfielder Joe Carter and second baseman Roberto Alomar.
Because he was traded in the middle of a multi-year contract, Fernandez has
until 15 days after the World Series to demand a trade.

If Fernandez requests a trade, the Padres would either have to deal him or
modify his contract to his satisfaction. He is scheduled to receive $ 2.1
million plus a $ 10,000 bonus for accepting the option.

Fernandez, a four-time Gold Glove winner with Toronto, committed a career-high
20 errors this year. He missed six games in late July when he aggravated a right
thumb injury that he suffered while with the Blue Jays. He underwent surgery on
the thumb at the end of the season.

He hit .272 with four home runs and 38 runs-batted in.


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Reuter/ VICTORY: Fans of the Atlanta Braves party on Peachtree Street
to celebrate team's advancing to the World Series.

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 3, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Grass-Roots Coalition Opposes Gas Pipeline

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 374 words


To the Editor:

Your suggestion that opposition to the Iroquois pipeline proposal in Connecticut
and New York came from ''owners of estates in Roxbury and Washington'' and
horsey types in Dutchess County misrepresents the truth and does a grave
disservice (''The Northeast Needs This Gas,'' editorial July 7). The opposition
is a grass-roots movement that took shape at dozens of public meetings packed to
the doors by farmers, teachers, community leaders, housewives and, yes, the
occasional estate owner and horse breeder.

The movement was backed by elected officials from the Governor of Connecticut to
town selectmen and commissioners. They were united by the common urge to protect
the natural and human resources of their communities, including wetlands and
forests, prime farmland and aquifers.

They did not delay Federal proceedings. What they may have delayed, or derailed,
was the Iroquois request for so-called fast-track approval, which sidesteps any
obligation to prove need or to subject the applicant to uncomfortable public
scrutiny at evidentiary hearings.

The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has not issued an order stating that a
need for natural gas exists in the Northeast, or to what degree it exists. As of
June 29, the commission had classified 16 other projects as ''discrete,'' which
means that those proposals have been moved forward, ahead of Iroquois, and could
be certified to provide more than 550 million cubic feet of natural gas a day to
portions of the same markets by the end of the year.

As a result of grass-roots opposition, the energy commission declared an ''open
season'' that attracted 31 pipeline proposals, some of which would serve the
intended Iroquois markets and use more of the existing pipeline systems and
rights of way.

Under Section 7 of the Natural Gas Act, the energy commission is required to (1)
identify the need for natural gas in a given area, and (2) choose a system to
meet that need in the most economically and environmentally sound manner
possible. This is the Federal Energy Commission's Congressionally mandated
responsibility.

WILLIAM N. VITALIS
President, Board of Directors
Housatonic Valley Association
  Cornwall Bridge, Conn., July 15, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              329 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 1, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Catholic Indulgences

SECTION: Section A; Page 28; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 117 words



To the Editor:

Re "Pope Expands Religious Indulgences for Millennium Observance" (front page,
Nov. 29): Indulgences should long ago have been dropped as misunderstood relics
of a form of penance. They made sense in a different cultural setting in which
they promoted prayer, conversion and service.

You misrepresent elements of Roman Catholic doctrine on indulgences, purgatory
and sin, as well as implying that medieval abuses of indulgences were
characteristic throughout their history. Thus, it takes no cleverness to put
down indulgences as a "shortcut to salvation."

JAMES DALLEN
Spokane, Wash., Nov. 30, 1998

The writer is a religion professor at Gonzaga University.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              330 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    February 26, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Second lawsuit against Perrier

BYLINE: (REUTER)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 293 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


   NEW YORK (Reuter) - A multimillion-dollar lawsuit filed against Perrier was
prompted by the company's "misrepresentation" of its French mineral water as
healthy, even though it was fouled by benzene, a lawyer who filed the suit said
Saturday.

The lawyer, Richard Bieder, said Perrier had misled U.S. consumers by marketing
itself as a healthy - and expensive - mineral water.

"If you're going to misrepresent yourself . . . and you're going to charge a
premium for that misrepresentation, you can't get away with it," Bieder told
Reuters in a telephone interview from his Bridgeport, Conn., office.

The suit was filed against Perrier Group of America Tuesday in Connecticut's
U.S. District Court in Bridgeport. Perrier Group of America has its headquarters
in Greenwich, Conn.

Class action

The company, based in Paris, announced a global recall after North Carolina
health officials disclosed Feb. 9 that they had found toxic benzene in some
bottles.

The benzene naturally fouls its spring in Vergeze, France, Perrier said.

A Perrier spokesman said on Friday that the suit was groundless and the company
had done everything it could to warn consumers once the benzene was discovered.

The 13-page lawsuit was brought by B.B. Vahlsing, a Philadelphia-area resident,
as part of a class-action suit on behalf of other Perrier consumers. A similar
suit was filed in federal court in Philadelphia Feb. 17.

The suit claims in part that Perrier violated the federal Racketeer Influenced,
Corrupt Organizations Act and defrauded consumers by selling the contaminated
mineral water.

Asked the amount of damages he was seeking, Beider would not give a figure.food;
contamination; misleading; advertising; damages; United; States

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              331 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             April 15, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Obama says political rivals misrepresent his values

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Does Barack Obama think small-town Americans are a bunch of Bible-thumping,
immigrant-resenting, gun-toting rednecks who are bitter about their lot in life?

The answer, Obama says, is a resounding no. And he's praying all those
God-fearing, blue-collar voters in Pennsylvania believe him.

"It may be that I chose my words badly. It wasn't the first time and it won't be
the last," Obama told steelworkers Monday in Pittsburgh.

Obama's latest mea culpa came as his Democratic presidential rival, Hillary
Clinton, again cast the Illinois senator as a condescending snob over statements
he made last week to a group of well-heeled donors in California.

In his original remarks, Obama was describing his efforts to win the support of
predominantly white working-class voters who had suffered economically during
President George W. Bush's presidency.

"It's not surprising then that they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion
or antipathy to people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or
anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations," he said.

The comment has caused political headaches for Obama ever since.

Senator John McCain, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, on Monday
called Obama's comment "elitist" and said it disparaged hard-working Americans.

Obama defended his use of the word "bitter" to describe economically challenged
American voters, saying people are "angry and frustrated with their leaders for
not listening to them; for not fighting for them."

He said Clinton and McCain have badly distorted the intent of his remarks, and
he never intended to demean small-town or rural values.

"I'm a person of deep faith, and my religion has sustained me through a lot in
my life," Obama told journalists in Washington later Monday.

"I represent a state with a large number of hunters and sportsmen, and I
understand how important these traditions are to families . . . And, contrary to
what my poor word choices may have implied or my opponents have suggested, I've
never believed that these traditions or people's faith has anything to do with
how much money they have."

The tempest is potentially damaging to Obama in Pennsylvania, where polls showed
he was cutting into Clinton's lead before the April 22 primary.

Obama, who has a 160-delegate lead over Clinton in the Democratic race, is
hoping a win or strong showing in Pennsylvania will escalate pressure on the
former first lady to end her White House bid.

Both candidates have been wooing blue-collar male voters who make up a sizable
portion of Pennsylvania's Democrats and Clinton has tried to capitalize on
Obama's stumble.

"I don't think he really gets it that people are looking for a president who
stands up for you and not looks down on you," she said.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Reuters; Barack Obama says, "It may be that I chose my words badly." ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to Editor; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 990 words


WTE article on extremism misrepresents Wyoming

From Pat Barrett

Cheyenne

"Extremism in Wyoming" screamed your headline on Sunday. Big, bold, red print.
Please.

I winced with embarrassment at the headline, embarrassment for you. "Neo Nazis
are here. So is the KKK." You quote an obscure website and an equally obscure
writer from Alabama for crying out loud.

"Wyoming would make a good location for a White Zion." Why? Because of the low
population and its conservatives. Now that's not an extreme statement, is it?

But you go on to quote two legislators, both Democrats who say the opposite. You
have local, state and federal law enforcement agencies and prosecutors who find
either no hate crime here or evidence of hate groups.

I'm not so naive to think there are some nuts out there, but you think the state
is infested with them because the Southern Poverty Law Center tells you so?

"A closer look at extremist groups in Wyoming" is your next alarm-filled
headline. You state that the tea party is not one of them, but there they are on
your "closer look" page. No wait. They have "strains" of extremism.

And the DCI director thinks a hate crimes law would help in reporting the very
crimes that prosecutors and law enforcement have no knowledge of. Huh?

And you state that the number of Wyoming members in these hate groups is
"unclear." I'd suggest unknown is a better word.

Almost everything in your scary expose indicates that Wyoming is not a welcoming
place for these people or groups or their attitudes. I know you have to sell
papers but your headline was an assault on the intelligence of your readers.

C'mon, man.

Newspaper seems to be peddling socialistic agenda

From Dave Lewis

Broomfield, Colo.

As a Wyoming native, I always think that my home state is most likely the last
bastion of sanity. However, when reading the WTE last Sunday, I thought I was
reading the New York Times.

The first article was headlined "Extremism in Wyoming" in large red print. While
I do not doubt that there are some folks that lean that direction, the article
was unprofessional as it painted all kinds of organizations with a broad brush.

The author obviously had an agenda, and that was to paint as extremist anyone
who does not support the progressive agenda.

The sources for the articles were The Southern Poverty Law Center - a far-left
organization, almost communistic, and the Anti-Defamation League, which is not
as far left as the SPLC but definitely left of center.

My real problem with Josh Mitchell's articles is his painting the tea party with
the extremist brush just because the SPLC said they have "strains of extremism."
Josh, what about the hate shown by the unions in Wisconsin, where they compare
the governor to Hitler?

The union folks are now being the most selfish folks in the country. Those of us
in the private sector pay their wages, however they do not want us to have any
say in how much we pay them or what their benefits are.

How will states balance their budgets when the unions work against both them and
the taxpayers? Kind of like the old adage: "Not in my backyard."

Once I cooled down about these one-sided articles, I turned to the editorial
pages and promptly saw a column entitled, "GOP wants to wipe out all unions."
This article was written by and for the Progressive Media Project and the New
Path for Social Justice." What absolute nonsense.

Come on, editors. Sunday's paper could be retiled the Progressive Union Rag
because that is what it was. Wyoming is a rare place in this world. Do not
destroy it with such socialistic propaganda.

District should go slow on Prairie Winds school site

From Dan Clark

Cheyenne

I want to lend my support to the position advocated by Pat Crank in his piece
published in the March 4 WTE. Like him, I am a Laramie County resident and find
both the process used and the decision being pushed by the school district in
siting the new Prairie Winds Elementary School to be faulty.

I understand the importance of getting a new school built to reduce overcrowding
and transportation costs for students in the district, but it is obvious that
adequate assessment and planning have not been done.

Like most people who live here, I highly value quality education for the
children in this community, and I realize that quality facilities are part of
the formula for success.

But the issues that Mr. Crank brings up: water source, waste water
treatment/disposal, traffic impacts, safety, etc. all need to be thoroughly
addressed before a final decision is made. The recent letter sent out by the
district to local residents gives short shrift to some of these issues and
totally ignores others.

I encourage all citizens of this community interested in quality education for
our children to pay attention to this issue and become informed on the total
costs of the alternatives being considered, including costs that may not be
visible in the documents circulated by the school district.

Then once you are informed, I encourage each of you to communicate with your
elected officials on what option you think best meets the needs of our youth.
School board members, members of the School Facilities Commission, City Council
members and county commissioners all deserve to hear your views.

State should seek equality while upholding morals

From Roseann Burt

Cheyenne

When we say "Equality State," I think of its meaning as in "the respect,
acceptance and fairness given to the people of this state."

However, I do believe there are morals and values that society must hold onto,
and so we have laws to keep this world from chaos and decay. It is society as a
whole that will change laws.

Let us live by what our minds and hearts hold true and not be misguided or
bullied into changing what we believe is right or what is wrong.

We can still be respectful and accept and be fair to each good citizen of this
state and country. Hopefully as a society we will always be on the side of what
is good for future generations.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 21, 1990, THURSDAY, THREE STAR Edition

CUOMO MISREPRESENTS ISRAELI PEACE ISSUE

BYLINE: Anthony Lewis

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 880 words


BOSTON New York Gov. Mario Cuomo took a traditional step last week to show that
he is ready for the White House: He made a speech on foreign policy. What he
showed is that he has a long way to go before he can be taken seriously as a
candidate for president.  Cuomo spoke to a dinner of the United Jewish Appeal in
New York. His subject was American policy toward Israel - President Bush's
policy, which he pictured as a threat to Israel's survival.  At the recent
summit meeting, Cuomo said, Presidents Bush and Mikhail Gorbachev ''seemed to
agree on one thing: that the emigration of Jews from the Soviet Union to Israel
might be contained or limited.'' But Bush did not and would not.  Gorbachev, the
governor said, ''continues to build a web of diplomatic, economic, political and
military alliances with . . . people who intend to damage and, ultimately, to
destroy Israel.'' In fact, Gorbachev has been reducing Soviet activity and
commitments in the Middle East. Why would Cuomo want to ignore the facts?  ''Our
administration in Washington has sent strong signals indicating a lack of
support for the Israeli government,'' Cuomo said. The administration has been
critical of Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir's reluctant attitude toward
negotiations. But Cuomo made his charge far broader. He said the Bush
administration was mortally threatening Israel.  Is it possible that Cuomo sees
no difference in Shamir's policies? For 40 years Israel held itself open to
negotiate with any Arab partner. Shamir has turned away from that path, putting
up one objection after another to even talking with Palestinians. The new Shamir
government is pledged to build more Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank
and Gaza, and includes extremist parties that want to expel the 800,000
Palestinian residents from the West Bank.  Shamir was ''correct,'' the governor
said, in refusing to give any assurance that Soviet immigrants would not be
settled in the occupied territories. Every U.S. government since 1967 has
opposed such settlements.  Does Cuomo want to retreat from that policy? From the
American commitment to U.N. Resolution 242, which calls for Israeli withdrawal
from the occupied territories in return for peace and secure borders?  Cuomo
condemned the peace process supported by Bush. He said ''it depends on
assurances of peace from people still committed to the destruction of Israel.''
In fact, the Bush policy was devoted to getting talks going between Israel and a
Palestinian delegation that Israel itself would have to approve.  In this
country it is normal for a politician to identify with the dreams of different
ethnic groups, but to pander to extreme nationalist emotions is another matter.
Jewish audiences are wise enough to know the difference.  Indeed, the leading
American Jewish organizations do not agree with Cuomo.  They oppose the policies
of settlement and permanent occupation. They hope that somehow the peace process
- the plan for negotiations - can be revived.  Cuomo should beware of talking
loosely on a subject of which he knows so little. Ranting like Mayor Ed Koch is
not likely to play well in national politics, and it does not become Mario
Cuomo.  SOURCE: Copyright 1990 New York Times News Service

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              334 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 442 words


TAX EDITORIAL MISGUIDED

The Spokesman-Review's editorial on internet tax schemes is missing some key
facts and misrepresents others.

As the S-R noted, House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte has published
principles most can agree on. But note Goodlatte's third principle: No
regulation without representation. Those who would bear state taxation,
regulation and compliance burdens should have direct recourse to protest unfair,
unwise or discriminatory rates and enforcement.

In other words, no small business based in Spokane or elsewhere in Washington
state should ever be audited or taken into court in Sacramento by the state of
California based on their use of the Internet to sell to customers in
California.

Sadly, the Senate-passed Internet sales tax legislation you endorsed authorizes
just such taxation and regulation without representation. It allows state tax
collectors to audit, investigate and drag into court small businesses all over
America with no connection to their state.

Further, very small businesses would be hurt since online retail businesses are
very low margin endeavors; $1 million typically brings in less $50,000. That's
why so many small online retailers see it as a corporate death sentence, and why
Gallup and others find about 60 percent of Americans oppose it.

PHIL BOND

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, WE R HERE COALITION

WASHINGTON, D.C.

GIVE OBAMACARE A CHANCE

Obamacare. Never has a word inspired so much passion. There is so much confusion
surrounding it that many of those who categorically oppose it, cannot really
tell you why.

Obamacare does not replace private insurances, Medicare or Medicaid. If you
currently have coverage, you can keep it.

Obamacare offers new rights and protections, such as requiring insurers to cover
those with pre-existing conditions, preventing gender discrimination and
stopping insurance companies from dropping you when you are sick.

Obamacare gives seniors access to cheaper drugs and free preventative care. The
AARP reports that health care costs for the elderly will go down. Sixty percent
of all bankruptcies are related to medical bills. The new laws protect you from
this by ending annual and lifetime limits.

The newly created state run exchanges will provide many options and price levels
for coverage. The insurance companies will actually have to compete for your
business.

And Obamacare is paid for. It will not increase the deficit. The nonpartisan
Congressional Budget Office has projected that it will decrease the deficit by
more than a trillion dollars over the next two decades.

So, why are we so unwilling to take a wait-and-see attitude?

ROSE RHOADES

SPOKANE

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              335 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 10, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Black pastors coalition linked to conservatives;
Alliances call into question claims of being 'mostly Democrats'

BYLINE: By Aamer Madhani USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 621 words


Since the Rev. William Owens launched his national

campaign in May calling on African-Americans to

withdraw their support of President Obama because

of his stance on gay marriage, he has claimed the

backing of 3,700 black clergy

and touted his organization as

predominantly Democratic.

But Owens and his group,

the Coalition of African-American

Pastors, are drawing criticism

from black leaders and

the political left who note Owens'

long-standing ties with

GOP politicians. They charge

CAAP misrepresents itself as a

non-partisan grass-roots organization

when it is actually

backed financially by rightleaning

conservative groups.

"He is the poster person of

conservative evangelicals . . .

who are trying to use this as an

emotional wedge issue to divide

the black community,"

said the Rev. Amos Brown, pastor

of the Third Baptist Church

in San Francisco and a protégée

of the civil rights leader Rev.

Martin Luther King.

Owens has become an outspoken

critic of Obama since

the president announced in

May that he was switching his

position on gay marriage. The

pastor has railed against Obama

in cable news network interviews

and has held a series

of news conferences warning

that Obama is in danger of losing

black voters' support.

He has also vowed to collect

100,000 churchgoers' signatures

in support of "traditional"

marriage and plans to hold an

Aug. 16 rally in Memphis, his

hometown, to focus attention

on the issue. "We will see that

the black community is informed

that the president is

taking them for granted while

pandering to the gay community," he said last week.

The coalition describes itself on its website as a

"non-partisan group of truthfully mostly Democrats."

But interviews and a review of tax documents reveal

deep connections with the right:

uOwens was appointed this year as the African-

American liaison for the National Organization for

Marriage (NOM), a Washington-based group opposed

to same-sex marriage that has endorsed Republican

presidential candidate Mitt Romney.

uFrank Cannon, head of the American Principles

Project, a group opposed to same-sex marriage, confirms

his group's political action fund is paying public

relations firm Shirley & Bannister to assist CAAP's

communications strategy.

uCAAP received loans totaling

$26,000 in 2004 from the

conservative Family Research

Council, American Family Association

and Mississippi Tea

Party activist Ed Holliday, according

to its IRS filings.

Owens, who didn't respond

to requests for comment, endorsed

2008 GOP presidential

contender Mike Huckabee and

Ohio GOP gubernatorial candidate

Ken Blackwell.

"CAAP bears all the hallmarks

of a front group," said

Michael Keegan of the liberal

People for the American Way.

"Owens presents himself and

his group as non-partisan or, if

anything, leaning in the direction

of the Democrats. That

makes him more useful to religious-

right groups and easier

to book on cable news."

NOM set out to find African-

American spokespeople to develop

"a media campaign

around their objection to gay

marriage as a civil right" and

"provoke the gay marriage

base into . . . denouncing

these spokesmen and women

as bigots," according to internal

documents unveiled earlier

this year in a Maine lawsuit.

Maggie Gallagher, co-founder

of NOM, called the language

in the internal documents

"regrettable" but denied

that the group's alliance with

Owens reflects a wedge strategy.

"The belief that this is

somehow a front group, I

think, is unfair to the majority

of black pastors that have appeared

with Rev. Owens."

Polls show black voters are deeply divided on gay

marriage. Still, "this idea that there is going to be black

voters coming out against a candidate or coalescing

for a candidate on one issue is simply not true," said

the Rev. William Barber, president of the North Carolina

chapter of the NAACP.

Contributing: Ray Locker

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 5, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

Packwood's Recent Accounts Misrepresent Post Interview;
Oregon Media Accuse Senator of 'Lying' to Assure Reelection

Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A11

LENGTH: 1216 words


Sen. Bob Packwood (R-Ore.), facing a Senate ethics inquiry on his conduct toward
women, also is battling accusations that he lied to home-state reporters days
before his November reelection.

In defending himself in Oregon last week, Packwood misrepresented key points of
his discussions with The Washington Post, which first reported on Nov. 22
accounts that the senator had made unwanted sexual advances toward 10 female
employees and lobbyists.

Critics contend that Packwood deceived voters by denying to Oregon reporters
last fall that The Post was pursuing such a story. The Senate Rules Committee is
considering several petitions to unseat Packwood on grounds that his denials,
both about his conduct and The Post's inquiry, amounted to election fraud.

On his first trip home since The Post story was published, Packwood told the
Portland Oregonian that his response to local reporters last fall was
"misleading, but not a lie."

But Robert Landauer, the paper's editorial page editor, said he believes
Packwood "stole the election" by "lying to our reporters."

A review of Packwood's public statements indicates that he has been inaccurately
describing his Oct. 29 interview with Post reporters Florence Graves and Charles
E. Shepard. The misrepresentation turns in part on Packwood's narrow use of the
phrase "sexual harassment."

According to a transcript of the interview, Shepard said the reporters would not
use the term sexual harassment because that was a "legal definition," but would
question Packwood "more broadly" about "improper sexual advances."

Packwood repeatedly denied in the interview that he had made unwanted advances
but framed his answers around the phrase "sexual harassment." "I don't think
I've ever sexually harassed anybody -- staff or otherwise," he said.

The following day, reporter Mark Hass of KATU-TV in Portland asked Packwood why
Post reporters were questioning Oregon women about whether he had sexually
harassed them. "No, that's Rachel Gorlin again," Packwood said, referring to the
spokeswoman for his Democratic opponent, then-Rep. Les AuCoin. "This is the kind
of thing that an opponent brings up at the last moment when he's desperate."

On that same day, however, Packwood and his staff were looking for derogatory
information on his accusers, which was then faxed to The Post.

Packwood now explains his response to the Oregon media by saying he was making a
semantic distinction between a story about sexual harassment and one about
sexual misconduct.

"The Washington Post was not interviewing us about sexual harassment," Packwood
told the Eugene Register-Guard last week. "Two, the answer to the question was
an oblique answer. It wasn't an answer at all. It wasn't a yes; it wasn't a no."

But Packwood made no such distinction in a second interview on Nov. 17 with The
Post. He said then that "an unwanted approach would be sexual harassment, as I
understand it."

Packwood has been under political siege since The Post's Nov. 22 story. At a
December news conference in Washington, he apologized for his conduct, calling
it "just plain wrong" and "unwelcome and insensitive." He said he had denied the
incidents to The Post because "I denied it to myself."

But the senator adopted an aggressive strategy last week. He said he would not
rule out using details of his accusers' private lives and sexual histories in
defending himself before the Senate ethics committee.

Yesterday the ethics committee decided that it would "prohibit the consideration
of any witness's sexual history" in the Packwood investigation and any other
case.

On Sunday, Packwood told KATU: "I don't think you have ever heard The Washington
Post say that I lied to them."

Leonard Downie Jr., The Post's executive editor, said Packwood "in fact denied
everything in the original interview, and that's contrary to what we've
established from our interviews with all the women, and contrary to what aides
and friends of his told us. . . . And it is contrary to the tone of the
statement he gave us apologizing, although he carefully crafted that statement
to avoid an actual admission."

Beginning the day after the Oct. 29 interview and continuing for another day,
Packwood faxed to the newspaper statements dealing with the sexual histories of
his accusers and suggesting that some of them might have invited his advances.

In the wake of widespread criticism that Packwood was trying to smear the women,
the senator now contends that he asked The Post from the start to withhold the
derogatory statements.

Packwood told KATU Sunday that he said to The Post: "We'll send it on one
condition. This is for your information, for you to judge the credibility of
your sources. We don't intend to make this public. We don't want to do anything
to embarrass these women. . . . And they agreed to that."

Downie, however, said the senator "never said anything initially about what
would happen to this information. He was just giving it to me." Moreover, some
former and current Packwood aides who signed the statements told The Post they
understood that the statements might be published.

Two days before the Post story was published, Downie said, Packwood told him
that "he would not be making this information public and we didn't have to. I
said, 'That's a decision for us to make.' I made no agreement with him."

In recent days, Packwood has denounced the Oregonian, the state's largest paper.
He told the Register-Guard that the Oregonian is waging a "vendetta" and trying
to "prove their manhood" by criticizing him. The Oregonian's editorial board,
which endorsed Packwood for reelection, urged him to resign after the
allegations became public.

On the morning of Oct. 29, hours before Packwood's scheduled interview with The
Post, Oregonian reporter Jeff Mapes asked Packwood's chief of staff, Elaine
Franklin, whether The Post had questioned Packwood about his relations with
women or had been in contact with the senator. Mapes said Franklin gave him "a
definitive no" and insisted these were rumors being spread by Gorlin, the AuCoin
aide.

Franklin said she did not lie to Mapes because the interview had not yet taken
place and The Post had not been in contact with the senator; it had been in
contact with her.

"I answer questions from the media as the media asks them," she said. "Both of
them were asked in the past tense. I don't think I should be in the position of
doing the media's job and saying, 'You didn't ask that question correctly, let
me rephrase it for you.' "

At the climax of a close election, Packwood's interview with Graves and Shepard
took place out of public view.

The interview was scheduled for Bend, Ore., where local reporters were gathered
to cover a campaign debate. Packwood staff members switched it to a Portland
hotel, but after the Post reporters arrived, they were driven to a third
location, the home of a Packwood aide.

Packwood said again last week that Gorlin had been "peddling" rumors about his
sexual conduct. But Gorlin said she never had any such information and merely
responded to reporters' questions about rumors of an impending story.

"Bob Packwood is dead wrong in claiming that I was trying to spread the story
around," she said. "It's one more instance where he's been lying."


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SEN. BOB PACKWOOD

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              337 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 9, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BLACKBOARD: GUIDEBOOKS;
Spirits and Spirituals

BYLINE: By Randal C. Archibold

SECTION: Section 4A; Page 7; Column 3; Education Life Supplement

LENGTH: 346 words


Is it possible to develop character while living in Animal House? "Colleges That
Encourage Character Development," a new guide to 400 institutions with programs
fostering honesty, integrity and all-around good character, has made room for
the State University of New York at Albany. Singled out for a peer counsel-ing
program, Albany was also ranked No. 1 party school last year by another
organization, the Princeton Review.

Four colleges on this year's party list, compiled from a survey of students
nationwide, showed enough sobriety and good ethical form for the guide's
publisher, Templeton Foundation Press, which is part of the foundation financed
by Sir John Templeton, the mutual fund manager.

"We must have completely reversed our character," said Vincent Reda, a spokesman
for SUNY, Albany, which like other institutions of higher education denounces
the Princeton Review list as a gross misrepresent-ation of their campuses.

Arthur Schwartz, who edited the new guide, said Albany's feeling of vindication
might be appropriate: a university with a drinking problem can promote
"spiritual growth" if it is trying to discourage bad behavior.

Other colleges qualifying for both the party and character list include Michigan
State University in East Lansing (for encouraging community service); Seton Hall
University in South Orange, N.J. (for its volunteer service requirement for
freshmen); the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa (for a theater group that
addresses social temptations); and Washington State University at Pullman (for
freshmen seminars urging research of social issues).

Selections were gleaned from 2,000 nominations and made by a panel of educators
in conjunction with the Institute on College Student Values at Florida State
University in Tallahasee. That would be the Florida State University that was
ranked No. 1 party school this year.

"Character is a lifelong process, and college has a unique role to play,' Mr.
Schwartz said. "So many kids were party animals even before they came to
college."   RANDAL C. ARCHIBOLD


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Nancy Doniger)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              338 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday

Pro-pot advocates: Radio ad misrepresents question

BYLINE: By Lyle Moran, Sun Correspondent

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 543 words


BOSTON -- The group fighting to reduce penalties for marijuana possession in
Massachusetts charged yesterday that opponents are misrepresenting their ballot
question as a referendum on legalizing marijuana, rather than its intent to
reduce penalties for small amounts of pot.

Whitney Taylor, campaign manager of the Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy,
said a radio ad this week misrepresented the referendum question.

"This ad goes beyond misstatements, spin or opinion and blatantly lies about
what Question 2 would do if passed," Taylor said. "The opponents of Question 2
are trying to dupe the voters of Massachusetts into thinking that Question 2 is
something it's not."

Question 2, a voter referendum on the Nov. 4 ballot, would decriminalize
possession of up to an ounce of marijuana, instead imposing a fine.

Vote No on Question Two, a collection of law enforcement and civic
organizations, purchased the ad that said "legalizing marijuana will have a
disastrous impact on thousands of families living in Massachusetts."

William Breault, the voice in the ad and chairman of Main South Alliance for
Public Safety, a Worcester public-safety advocacy organization leading the fight
against the question, said he had no qualms about the ad's language.

"If legalize helps us to get the public's attention, we will use it," Breault
said. "We have not told (supporters of Question 2) what to do, so they shouldn't
tell us what to do."

Breault said he felt comfortable about the language in the ad, because he
believes that the pro-marijuana committee, which received $400,000 from
billionaire George Soros in 2007, ultimately wants marijuana users to face no
penalties.

"Soros is the sugar daddy of the legalization movement," Breault said. "Question
2 supporters are a carefully camouflaged, highly intelligent elitist group with
the goal of legalization."

Taylor, however, said Breault's claims are a further distortion of facts, saying
Soros has never embraced legalization.

"Soros contributed money so that this issue would be discussed and debated based
on facts," Taylor said. "Unfortunately, our opponents just want to bring up red
herrings rather than debate the actual issues."

Financial support for the ad in question came from Save Our Society From Drugs,
a non-profit organization against lenient drug policies based in St. Petersburg,
Fla. Calvina Fay, the group's executive director, said that Massachusetts
citizens have asked for support in fighting Question 2 and believes the ad was
accurate.

"When you decriminalize drugs you are essentially legalizing them," Fay said.

This is not the first time the pro-marijuana committee has accused their
opposition of breaking the rules.

In September, Question 2 supporters filed complaints with Attorney General
Martha Coakley's office, charging that the Massachusetts District Attorney's
Association distributed false statements about the ballot question on its Web
site.

Taylor's group also filed complaints with the Office of Campaign and Political
Finance charging the Coalition for Safe Streets, another opposition group, with
campaign-finance violations.

The AG's office threw out the charges made against the district attorney's
association, but no decision has been released on the campaign-finance charges.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 5, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SECTION: Section 3; Page 19, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 278 words


To the Business Editor:

It's hard to imagine a more distorted view of the Reagan Administration's
economic reform plan than Professor Rapping's. He has set up a whole series of
straw men, which he proceeds to then knock down with abandon. It is bad enough
that he misrepresents the proposals themselves, but his understanding of
economics represents only a tiny minority view among economists today. It would
be interesting also, to have the good professor explain how all of the borrowing
he abhors could possibly occur without the cooperation of the central bank in
providing reserves for the deposit expansion involved. Almost all students of
the inflation problem today understand that it is a monetary phenomenon and must
be treated at the source by controlling the money supply. In order to make the
Federal Reserve Board's job feasible, the Congress must work to reduce and
ultimately eliminate the deficit in the Federal budget.  The public has
indicated in the last election that it wants this accomplished by reducing
expenditures, not raising taxes which are already burdensome for the entire
society (see the lead article on the underground economy as confirmation of this
public sentiment).

What really comes as a shock, is to see Professor Rapping's advocacy of an
incomes policy, inasmuch as so many attempts to control wages and prices in a
free society have come to grief in modern history. To accomplish the
millennial-like society the professor envisages, would require a benevolent
dictatorship, an experiment that very few Americans would be willing to
undertake.
EDWARD R. MCMILLAN, Rainier National Bank, Seattle, Wash., March 19, 1981

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              340 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

He Sank Japan's Plans For World War II Victory; Fight Back: Adm. Jack Fletcher
answered Pearl Harbor

BYLINE: SCOTT S. SMITH

SECTION: LEADERS & SUCCESS; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1441 words


Fletcher's Keys

** Commander in pivotal naval battles of Coral Sea and Midway.

** Overcame: Japanese fleet superiority.

** Lesson: Bold action is required for big gains.

** "No other U.S. admiral came out ahead in three separate pitched battles in
World War II," said author John Lundstrom.

Frank Jack Fletcher was one of World War II's winningest naval commanders.

Yet so many have forgotten him.

He didn't write a memoir, because his papers had been destroyed.

And he didn't respond to writers who relied on jealous rivals or the misinformed
to misrepresent his actions.

"In the first nine months of the war against Japan, the U.S. Navy clawed its way
back from near destruction at Pearl Harbor," John Lundstrom, author of "Black
Shoe Carrier Admiral," told IBD. "From December 1941 to October 1942, Fletcher
led forces that contributed to the dramatic turnabout, sinking six Japanese
carriers for the loss of two American. Only he participated in all early phases:
the attempt to hold Wake Island, the first raids, the dramatic carrier
confrontations at Coral Sea and Midway, the invasion of Guadalcanal and nearby
naval clash. He never lost a battle except the one against his reputation."

On From Iowa

Fletcher (1885-1973) was born in Marshalltown, Iowa, and was appointed to the
U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md., in 1902.

He graduated four years later and received his commission as an ensign after two
years at sea.

He spent his early career on battleships and rose to command in 1910. Four years
later, when the Navy occupied Vera Cruz, Mexico, to protect foreigners during a
civil war, Lt. Fletcher spirited 350 civilians to safety while under fire, for
which he received the Medal of Honor.

In the 1930 s, Fletcher was a captain and chief of staff to the commander of the
Asiatic Fleet. He got a close look at the Japanese navy after its invasion of
Manchuria.

By 1940, Fletcher had become a rear admiral in charge of heavy cruisers scouting
Pearl Harbor.

In the first days of December 1941, U.S. intelligence reports indicated that the
Japanese navy was moving south from its country, so American Navy reinforced its
bases at Wake and Midway islands. Fletcher was expecting to spend a quiet Sunday
plotting naval exercises at his home in Pearl Harbor when the Japanese attack on
America's ships in Hawaii began at 8:15 a.m. on Dec. 7.

A week later, Fletcher's carrier Saratoga tried to relieve Wake, 2,450 miles
southwest of Pearl Harbor, but the island fell to the Japanese the day before he
could get there.

"Imagine that at the outset of the war you receive command of one of the few
remaining U.S. naval battle groups," said Lundstrom. "To defend vital strategic
positions, you must not only defeat Japan's strongest forces, which have been
victorious thus far, but you have to preserve to the greatest extent possible
your own precious ships or risk losing the war. Imagine, too, that you are
fighting a wholly new style of naval warfare -- combat between opposing aircraft
carriers-- where the battle could be decided in a few minutes, yet you are not a
naval aviator and must master carrier operations on the fly, so to speak.
Welcome to Admiral Fletcher's world in 1941-42."

Fletcher coordinated air, sea and land raids on the Marshall and Gilbert islands
in February 1942 and in March during the thwarting of Japan's landing on New
Guinea.

Two months later he oversaw the Allies in the Battle of the Coral Sea as they
turned back another Japanese onslaught on New Guinea, a staging ground for
Japan's planned invasion of Australia.

Fletcher's force sank one enemy carrier and damaged another, both of which were
supposed to be at Midway in June. It was the first naval battle in history in
which the ships were not in sight of each other and didn't fire directly at each
other, relying on sending aircraft as if they were artillery shells.

Even more than the carriers, the loss of many planes and trained pilots jarred
the Japanese, who lacked the ability to replace either as fast as the Americans
could.

Douglas Smith, in "Carrier Battles: Command Decision in Harm's Way," grades
Fletcher's performance according to the precepts of Sound Military Decision of
the Naval War College: A- to A+ for seven of eight categories, including
audacity in conceptualizing a plan and learning from mistakes.

The warring factions now zeroed in on the Midway Atoll, 1,300 miles northwest of
Pearl Harbor and home of an American air base. Japan planned to seize the base
as an invasion springboard toward Hawaii, keeping the Americans pinned to the
U.S. mainland.

Adm. Isoroku Yamamoto, the mastermind of the Pearl Harbor attack, also hoped
that an invasion of Midway would draw American carriers into an ambush.

Fletcher led the U.S. naval force and plotted tactics from the carrier Yorktown,
which had been hastily repaired after Coral Sea, with his second in command,
Rear Adm. Raymond Spruance, on the carrier Enterprise.

The Japanese attacked Midway on June 4. The Americans responded by sending
bombers after the enemy carriers, but the bombers were slow and easily shot
down. Fletcher and Spruance then sent two waves of carrier planes, which also
failed.

Bombs Away

But by the time of the Americans' third wave, consisting of Dauntless bombers,
the enemy was preparing to launch another assault on the base. The Dauntless
could dive almost vertically and took the Japanese by surprise, as three
carriers began to sink within minutes.

The only Japanese carrier left battered the Yorktown, which eventually sank.
Before Fletcher transferred command to Spruance, he launched another Dauntless
attack, which sank the last enemy carrier.

Yamamoto's main force didn't arrive in time to turn the tide. His navy suffered
a huge defeat and would be on the defensive the rest of the war.

"The Battle of Midway is arguably the greatest battle in American naval
history," wrote retired Lt. Cmdr. Thomas Cutler in the introduction to "The
Battle of Midway," edited by Thomas Hone. "It is a classic drama in which the
underdog comes off the ropes to score a devastating knockout punch."

After Midway, Fletcher rose to vice admiral and oversaw the invasion of Tulagi
and Guadalcanal by the 1 st Marine Division in August.

The landings went well, and he received permission to withdraw his task force
from Guadalcanal to re fuel and replace aircraft before the enemy
counterattacked.

But as Fletcher was leaving, Rear Adm. Raymond Turner, who was trying to
off-load supplies and men elsewhere on Guadalcanal, found the beaches already
full. He left without telling his superiors.

Had they known, they could have directed Turner to other beaches or sent help. A
desperate struggle ensued to fight off enemy attacks.

Beating The Enemy

Later in August, Fletcher's ships returned to repulse a Japanese effort to
reinforce their troops on Guadalcanal.

In the ensuing Battle of the Eastern Solomons, the Japanese lost 70 aircraft to
the Americans' 20, and Fletcher sank his sixth enemy carrier, even though he had
a smaller fleet. The enemy withdrew. Fletcher suffered a gash on the head and
went on his first leave after eight months of combat duty.

But superiors in D.C. thought that he should have pursued the enemy, basing
their idea on inaccurate reports that made the Japanese appear to be damaged,
sitting ducks. As a result, Fletcher spent the rest of the war in the North
Pacific, away from the main action.

Those who worked closely with Fletcher, like Spruance, knew that he led crucial
victories in the life-and-death fight with Japan. But his critics won the war
when it came to writing naval history.

"President Franklin Roosevelt chose professor Samuel Eliot Morison of Harvard to
write the "History of United States Naval Operations in World War II,' with a
carte blanche not to be censored, and it became the official unofficial
history," said Lundstrom. "For reasons never made clear, (Morison) took a strong
dislike to Fletcher, who chose not to pursue a bitter crusade to reclaim his
reputation."

Fletcher retired in 1947 with the rank of full admiral. He and his wife, Martha,
enjoyed their country estate in Maryland until his death 26 years later at 87.
She is buried next to him at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.

"Fletcher triumphed with a well-measured and pragmatic leadership that was
cautious but decisively aggressive when needed, a style that merits study
today," said Lundstrom. "Not an egotist, he did not think he already knew
everything, and willingly sought out and carefully evaluated advice from
specialists, particularly the younger officers, who were on the cutting edge of
carrier warfare and technology, and his diligence paid enormous dividends."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 22, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Florida Study Claims That Prudential Cheated Customers

BYLINE: By JOSEPH B. TREASTER and MELODY PETERSEN

SECTION: Section A;  Page 20;  Column 3;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1249 words


After a two-year investigation of the Prudential Insurance Company of America,
the nation's largest insurer, officials in Florida concluded that the company
deliberately set out to cheat its customers for more than a decade.

"Prudential trained its agents to mislead, misrepresent and defraud
policyholders," according to an internal report on the investigation, which was
completed earlier this year. The report was obtained by The New York Times late
Friday from the Florida attorney general's office.

"The company is the core of this fraud," the report said in the most explicit
terms yet used by investigators in any state.

While Prudential acknowledged in a class-action settlement that some agents had
misled customers, it always maintained that these agents were mavericks and were
violating company policy. The report contradicts those assertions, citing
everything from training videos to directives from headquarters that provided a
road map on how to mislead customers.

As a result, the Florida attorney general and the insurance commissioner were
prepared to prosecute the company on civil racketeering charges until they
reached their own settlement earlier this year.

The investigation by Florida's attorney general and insurance commissioner was
by far the most extensive in the country as Prudential was trying to reach a
settlement in a class action suit growing out of scores of consumer complaints
nationwide. Florida investigators conducted dozens of interviews and examined
thousands of Prudential documents, many of which the state made public late
Friday, ending a long battle by the company to keep them secret.

Bill Nelson, the Florida insurance commissioner, said yesterday that he and Bob
Butterworth, the Florida attorney general, told Arthur Ryan, the chairman of
Prudential, in February that based on their investigation, they were ready to
file civil racketeering charges against the company for fraud, theft and other
violations. They also told Mr. Ryan that the company had violated state
insurance regulations and could lose its license to operate in Florida.

Prudential, Mr. Nelson said, engaged in "a deceptive scheme over 13 years that
was embraced by the very top management."

Prudential reacted to the release of the latest details with surprise,
reiterating that it had long since reached a settlement with Florida. Robert
DeFillippo, a spokesman for the company, called the charges of deception
unfounded, even though the investigators based them on company documents and
interviews with former and current Prudential employees and customers.

Many insurers have been sued for similar practices, but the complaints have not
been as widespread as those against Prudential.

Mr. Ryan met with the Florida officials for 18 hours in Tallahassee, Fla., after
most other states had endorsed a settlement the company had reached with
policyholders in late 1996 and agreed to pay restitution that some analysts said
could run to as much as $2 billion. Florida was among a handful of states,
including California, Texas and Massachusetts, that were holding out for better
terms for Prudential policyholders in their states.

In the end, Florida decided earlier this year not to prosecute but settled for a
fine of $15 million and what they said were substantial improvements in the
terms that policyholders in Florida, and elsewhere, received.

Mr. Nelson said that through Florida's efforts, the burden of proof for
obtaining restitution in the settlement was largely shifted from policyholders
to the company.

Mr. Nelson emphasized that compensating policyholders took priority over taking
Prudential to court or fining the company $15 million. "What was important," he
said, "was getting these people back their money rather than be tied up in court
for 7 to 10 years. A lot of these people were very elderly and they would never
have gotten their money back."

Mr. DeFillippo of Prudential insisted, however, that Florida's negotiations had
resulted in no greater benefits in the settlement for Floridians or any other
policyholders across the country.

Some policyholders say the settlement still provides too little compensation and
too many hurdles for them. Their lawyers are going into a Federal appeals court
in Philadelphia next month to try to overturn it.

The lead lawyer on the challenge, Michael P. Malakoff of Pittsburgh, said he was
"incredibly disappointed that Florida had not pursued its racketeering act
findings." But he said the Florida report provided more ammunition for his
appeal.

The tactic used repeatedly by Prudential agents was to persuade customers to use
the cash that had built up in their life insurance policies to buy new policies
with greater coverage, with the promise that their premiums would not increase.
The agents earned new commissions and the company's market share grew. But when
the cash value of the original policies was depleted by the demands for premiums
for the second policies, customers began receiving much higher bills. Many
people could not make the payments and lost all their coverage. In those cases,
the company had received years of premiums and now no longer faced the prospect
of ever having to pay a death benefit.

The Florida report, written by Eric M. Camil, an investigator in the state
attorney general's office, said Prudential headquarters in Newark provided
agents in the field with lists of customers whose policies had built up cash
value and were potential candidates for new policies.

The Florida investigators say materials from headquarters also included charts
showing the projected dividends and interest that the second policy was expected
to provide as well as "the actual policy to be sold" to the customer.

In some of its training seminars, conferences, slide presentations and video
tapes, the Florida investigators said, Prudential "directly taught agents either
to commit fraud or implied using techniques" that were "at best misleading and
resulted in fraud."

One part of the training was to encourage agents to present their product not as
life insurance but as retirement plans such as pensions and long-term health
care programs. Agents, the investigators said, "were trained to target the
elderly."

One agent, who was not identified, told the investigators of explaining how the
money from one policy could be used to finance a second one, a technique often
referred to as churning. "This was a practice that was taught to me by my sales
manager as part of my Prudential training," the agent was quoted as saying. "At
the time of this sale I was still in the Prudential Training Program."

When it came to consumer complaints, the Florida investigators said,
Prudential's policy was to let the people who had been complained about -- the
sales agents and field managers -- deal with the customers. One agent told the
investigators that his sales manager would try to convince unhappy customers
that the policy they had bought "was better for them than what the policyholder
thought they wanted."

One complaint received by the Florida department of insurance was from a
60-year-old woman. The woman, who was not identified, said she had told the
agent that she could not afford more insurance.

"The next thing I know," she said, "a nurse comes to my door to give me a
physical" as required for a new policy. "It wasn't until then," the woman told
investigators, "that I realized I had another policy that would drain my old
policy."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              342 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                  May 10, 2010

EYE ON THE PIE;
Use creativity to lure crowds to cities

LENGTH: 633 words


EYE ON THE PIE Use creativity to lure crowds to cities

It was a cool Thursday morning with a suggestion of rain, but no actual
precipitation. The time was 5:30 a.m.! Semiretired men in good health and of
sound mind normally do not awaken, except for nature's call, at this hour.

The excursion director, however, had issued the summons and was threatening
disciplinary action if all feet were not on the floor immediately. By 6 a.m.,
the garage door was closing and the blue bargain-buggy was headed for Interstate
69. Less than two hours later, a $4 fee was being paid for the privilege of
parking in the massive lot adjacent to the Fort Wayne Coliseum.

There was a line of women that stretched alongside this multi-purpose exhibition
facility. Every second, the line lengthened with more women cheerfully joining
their eager sisters waiting for the Annual Vera Bradley Outlet Sale.

Let me not misrepresent the situation. There were men there. Perhaps one of
every hundred people was of the male persuasion. But this was the feminine
mystique triumphant, a demonstration of extraordinary branding, and a consummate
celebration of consumerism.

How many women were in line? I don't know. In pairs, they snaked through the
parking lot. Up one side of an aisle and out the other, the line twisted around
to the next aisle and on and on. The cool weather was a blessing, but
temperatures in the 90s or a torrential rain would not have diminished the
enthusiasm of the breath-bated, pre-baited buyers.

They came from Cleveland and Cincinnati. They arrived from Illinois, Michigan
and Kentucky the night before and filled the hotels of Fort Wayne. Some came
from Florida with lists made by friends and relatives. Others were on their cell
phones, taking orders with the professional cool of market makers in the pits of
the Chicago Board of Trade.

Stories were told of vans, holding six people, each prepared to buy the daily
limit of $2,500 for each of the four days the sale would last. These were said
to be resellers who would be on eBay within hours or holding bag parties in
their homes the following week. Some might even be preparing (horrors) to resell
in retail stores these prizes obtained at discounts said to be as deep as 70
percent.

Vera Bradley is a women-owned Indiana business that produces handbags and sundry
containers, placemats, napkins and headbands. The fabric patterns are suggestive
of the Victorian era. My grandmothers would have considered them oldfashioned.
However, they are beloved by today's women of ages ranging from texting teens to
sizzling 60s.

The line began to move just after 8 a.m., but it grew faster than the coliseum
absorbed shoppers. The spirit was joyous. The ushers (older men, well-rehearsed
in herding) kept the line orderly. They also distributed a four-page orange,
pink and white brochure that gave the waiting women opportunity to plan their
attacks on the stock when they were entitled to enter the magic portal.

After an hour and a half in line, I was paroled without entering the
holy-of-holies. Less than an hour later, at a nearby coffee shop, the call came
and I promptly retrieved our resident shopper with her collection of
granddaughter gifts.

The experience of the Vera Bradley Outlet Sale proved again that American
businesses can be successful if they offer products consumers want. Indiana
communities can enjoy the benefits of that success if they are populated by
imaginative and persistent entrepreneurs. Now all we need do is encourage
imagination, persistence and risk-taking.

Hmmm. Is that the reason Indiana has a state lottery and numerous casinos?

*

Marcus taught economics for more than 30 years at Indiana University and is the
former director of IU's Business Research Center. His column appears weekly. He
can be reached at mmarcus@ibj.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Fight flub NHL, NBC misrepresent Red Wings, Blueshirts as brawling rivals

BYLINE: Larry Brooks

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 690 words


Apparently, the good folks at NBC Sports - or at the least those responsible for
the NHL on NBC Twitter account - didn't get the memo.

Apparently, the NHL's exclusive United States television rights holder hasn't
been clued in the league is selling speed and skill, not fighting.

Because early in the morning, the NHL on NBC account promoted its nationally
televised Rangers-Red Wings "rivalry match" at the Garden with a reference to
the Original Six matchup's "renew(al) of hostilities."

Then, hours later, the network ratcheted it up with a tweet that read, "If this
@Detroit Red Wings vs. @a New York Rangers fight doesn't get you ready for
#RivalryNight, we don't know what will."

The tweet included video of a brawl between the teams that took place nearly a
quarter of a century ago. Yes, the one from Feb. 9, 1992 at MSG that began with
Tie Domi squaring off against Bob Probert - the famous one in which the
pugnacious Rangers winger mimed putting on the championship belt after gaining a
decisive decision over the reigning heavyweight champ - and spilled into
auxiliary bouts featuring Paul Broten and current Florida coach Gerard Gallant
and Joe Cirella and Steve Chiasson.

It happened 24 years and eight months ago but, hey, rivalry!

Then, if that weren't enough to stoke prospective viewers' fire, came another
tweet later in the afternoon featuring an illustration of Justin Abdelkader in
front of Henrik Lundqvist that was accompanied by the copy, "It gets dirty at
the Garden."

Rangers-Red Wings, yep, for sure one of the nastiest rivalries in the sport. You
could look it up. Actually, we did. Would you like to know when the last fight
occurred between these hated rivals?

That was more than 14 years and 8 months ago, since Matt Barnaby fought a fellow
named Jesse Wallin at Joe Louis Arena at 13:02 of the first period of a Rangers
3-1 loss on Feb. 6, 2002. Surprisingly enough, Barnaby didn't even turtle.

A renewal of hostilities? After a truce of more almost 15 years? All righty
then.

The network might just as well have promoted the rivalry with the tag line,
"Remember Babando!" Except that the accurate punctuation would be, "Remember
Babando?"

As in Pete Babando, the Detroit winger who scored the Game 7 Cup-winning goal
against the Rangers at 8:31 of the second overtime against the Rangers in 1950.

You don't remember?

OK then, hostilities!

The environment across the NHL is actually less hostile than it has been in
decades. Through the season's first seven nights, there were an average of 0.35
fights per game, a number that tracks with last season's 0.32 per and 2014-15's
0.35 as per the website dropyourgloves.com. That's the new norm, with fewer
fights per game than any time since the NHL averaged 0.25 fights per game in
1967-68, the year the league doubled in size to an Original 12.

Rangers Alain Vigneault always has liked to have an enforcer in his lineup. But
after a couple of years in which the coach was primarily responsible for
always-willing middleweight Tanner Glass' presence in the lineup, the Rangers
waived Glass toward the end of camp without the slightest fuss or muss, instead
opting to keep sharpshooter Brandon Pirri and speedy Josh Jooris to fill
fourth-line roles. And enforcer-type Dylan McIlrath, scratched for the third
time in four games, is the eighth defenseman on the depth chart.

"I think in today's game, it's still a very physical game where guys finish
their checks. But it's a fast-paced game where you have to make quick decisions
with and without the puck," Vigneault said. "That seems to be a big trend now
with the teams that are having success. Pace, speed, skill is obviously there.
That's the way the NHL is right now. It's a league with tons of speed and tons
of skill."

In other words, not all that many hostilities. Though there was this to whet the
appetite of fight aficionados: After picking up a total of eight fighting majors
last year and seven in 2014-15, the Red Wings already had accumulated four in
their first three games of 2016-17.

Speed and skill? Who cares?

Drop the gloves!

larry.brooks@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: No glove: With enforcer Dylan McIlrath (right, brawling with the
Flyers' Wayne Simmonds last season) a healthy scratch for three of the first
four games this season, the promos for Rangers-Red Wings on Wednesday
misleadingly emphasized fighting, Larry Brooks writes. Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 28, 2013 Sunday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Home ice is nice as Blues win again Blues 3, Blackhawks 1 o Will open playoffs
vs. LA at Scottrade.

BYLINE: By Jeremy Rutherford jrutherford@post-dispatch.com 314-444-7135

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 764 words


On occasion, Blues coach Ken Hitchcock has been known to misrepresent how far
back in the standings his club stood. But on March 28, following a loss to Los
Angeles at home, the team dropped out of the playoff picture.

"Three weeks ago, we looked up and we were in ninth place, and legit ninth
place," Hitchcock said. "I think that reality check, waking up one morning and
just assuming you're going to be in the playoffs and then all of the sudden
you're sitting in ninth place is exactly what this team needed. A reality check
of getting back to who we were had to come sooner or later."

As it turned out, it came just in the nick of time.

The Blues won 12 of their last 15 games, wrapped up the No. 4 seed in the
Western Conference with a 3-1 victory over Chicago Saturday and secured home-ice
advantage in the first round of the playoffs.

The club, which finished the 48-game regular season with a record of 29-17-2,
will open the playoffs by hosting Los Angeles, which beat San Jose 3-2 late
Saturday night to grab the No. 5 seed.

The Blues should be comfortable opening the postseason at Scottrade Center,
where they have won six consecutive games and seven of their last eight. On
Saturday, Jaden Schwartz netted two goals, David Backes had two assists, and
Brian Elliott made 22 saves.

"Our goaltending caught fire," Blues forward Alexander Steen said. "The thing we
should look back on right now is the way that we've been playing the last little
while. It seems like we've been more compact, more solid, a real solid game from
the goalie right throughout the whole lineup. Very solid going forward here."

The Blues are familiar with the Kings going into Round 1 of the playoffs, which
is expected to open either Tuesday or Wednesday at Scottrade Center.

Just a year ago, after beating San Jose in the first round to win its first
playoff series since 2002, the club was swept by LA in the second round.

The bottom-line for the Blues Saturday was clear: beat Chicago and claim the No.
4 seed and home-ice advantage.

This month, the Blues seemed to have straightened out their issues at Scottrade
Center, taking advantage of a final stretch in which the team hosted seven of
its last eight games. They won six of those, with the only blemish a 2-0 loss to
the Blackhawks.

But the challenge against Chicago Saturday was different. The Blackhawks, having
already clinched the Presidents' Trophy, kept several of their regulars back in
Chicago, including Patrick Kane, Jonathan Toews, Marian Hossa and Duncan Keith.

The 'Hawks borrowed from their American Hockey League affiliate, the Rockford
IceHogs, dressing a lineup of eight rookies - three who were making their NHL
debut, including goalie Carter Hutton.

That might have seemed like an unmistakable advantage for the Blues, but the
scenario had the makings of a trap game, and despite falling behind early on,
the IceHogs - rather the Blackhawks - were controlling the tempo temporarily.

But the Blues had mentioned earlier in the day that if they stuck to their game,
they would eventually push the young 'Hawks out of the competition, and the club
did that with three unanswered goals.

Patrik Berglund opened the scoring with his 17th goal of the season, finishing
one behind Chris Stewart for the Blues' top spot in that department this year.
The goal, which was assisted by Andy McDonald and Vladimir Tarasenko, came on a
delayed penalty, giving the club a 1-0 lead just 4:33 into the game.

Late in the first period, Schwartz notched the first of his two goals Saturday,
putting a rebound past Hutton for a 2-0 advantage. With 11:21 left in the second
period, Schwartz poked in his second goal of the night for a 3-0 lead.

When the horn sounded, the Blues waved their sticks at the crowd of 19,841 - the
10th sellout of the season - many of whom will be back next week as the club
opens up the postseason at home.

"We earned this," Hitchcock said. "We fought hard to get back in this."

---

Chicago 0 0 1 - 1 Blues 2 1 0 - 3

First period B: Berglund 17 (McDonald, Tarasenko), 4:33 B: Schwartz 6 (Backes,
Russell), 17:24 Penalties: Shattenkirk, Blues (roughing), 5:19; Brookbank, Chi
(tripping), 18:11

Second period B: Schwartz 7 (Backes), 8:39 Penalty: Stanton, Chi
(high-sticking), 10:39

Third period C: Smith 1 (Morin, Hayes), 8:23. Penalty: Shattenkirk, Blues
(tripping), 9:09

SHOTS ON GOAL Chicago 6 10 7 23 Blues 9 12 7 28

Power-plays Chicago 0 of 2; Blues 0 of 2.

Goaltenders Chicago: Hutton 0-1-0 (28 shots-25 saves) Blues: Elliott 14-8-1
(23-22).

Referees: Mike Hasenfratz, Kelly Sutherland Linesmen: Darren Gibbs, Matt
MacPherson A: 19,841

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo by CHRIS LEE o clee@post-dispatch.com Blues forward Jaden
Schwartz reaches for the puck against Chicago defenseman Johnny Oduya (left) in
the third period of Saturday's game at Scottrade Center. Schwartz scored two
goals to lead the Blues.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             May 19, 2010 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Lies And Blumen' Lies

SECTION: Issues & Insights; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 698 words


Honor: Can someone who misrepresents his military record be elected to the U.S.
Senate? Connecticut's Democratic attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, has
little enough shame to try and find out.

Falsely claiming to have served in Vietnam should be a death sentence for any
politician of any party or philosophy, from town clerk on up.

Accompanying the Web version of the Monday New York Times story reporting his
false statements is video of Blumenthal appearing at a ceremony in Norwalk,
Conn., in March 2008 honoring veterans. Blumenthal is shown saying that "we have
learned something important since the days that I served in Vietnam."

The camera doesn't lie. Yet on Tuesday, Blumenthal stood with whooping Marine
veterans and gave the excuse that "on a few occasions I have misspoken about my
service, and I regret that and I take full responsibility."

Is it really possible for someone to "misspeak" about being in the Vietnam War?
Viewing the video, it's hard to believe he didn't know what it was he was saying
-- especially considering that he is, as the New York Times describes him, "a
brilliant lawyer who likes to argue cases in court and uses language with power
and precision."

As Raymond Hernandez's story notes: "At other times, he has used more ambiguous
language, but the impression left on audiences can be similar . . . an
examination of his remarks at the ceremonies shows that he does not volunteer
that his service never took him overseas. And he describes the hostile reaction
directed at veterans coming back from Vietnam, intimating that he was among
them."

During a 2003 rally before about 100 military families in Bridgeport, Conn., for
example, Blumenthal said that "when we returned, we saw nothing like this."

Returned from where? From the 4 th Civil Affairs Group in Washington, D.C.? From
Company C of the 6 th Motor Transport Battalion, 4 th Marine Division, in New
Haven, Conn., where Blumenthal was doing Marine Reserve Toys for Tots drives
while attending Yale Law School in the early 1970 s?

Vietnam is apparently not the only lie. Last month, on Joe Scarborough's MSNBC
program, Blumenthal falsely claimed, "I have never taken PAC money" -- but
Federal Election Commission records show that he took more than $220,000 from
political action committees.

Blumenthal's campaign says he meant past elections. "Misspoke" again, it seems.

On top of that, Hernandez's Times story notes that in two favorable media
profiles, including an article in "the Hartford Courant in 2004 with which he
cooperated," Blumenthal was "described prominently as having served as captain
of the swim team at Harvard." But Harvard records show he was never on the swim
team.

Maybe what Blumenthal meant about "when we returned" refers to coming back from
Cambridge University, or from working in the Nixon White House, two of the
places he was spending time thanks to at least five deferments received for both
schooling and work.

Four months after drawing a low number in a draft lottery in late 1969,
Blumenthal "secured a spot in the Marine Corps Reserve, which was regarded as a
safe harbor for those who did not want to go to war," the New York Times said.

Blumenthal on Tuesday took a lesson from the Bill Clinton "not a single time,
never" school of hardball politics and announced that "I will not allow anyone
to take a few misplaced words and impugn my record of service to our country."
But he took on his Marine Reserve activities of "occasional military drills" and
"refurbishing tent decks and showers at a campground for underprivileged
Washington children" only after repeatedly dodging Vietnam.

In this year of the Tea Party, there's little tolerance for liars and cheats. A
Republican like Rep. Mark Souder this week was ashamed enough of himself to
announce his resignation after the exposure of an extramarital affair. Other
Republicans will have to answer for why "the party of small government" expanded
it so much.

But Democrats like Blumenthal -- and President Obama, we might add, whose budget
director last week claimed that the president's no-tax campaign pledge is just a
"stance" and "preference" -- obviously think they don't have to answer for much
of anything.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 9, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S.MAINSTREAM FOR A NUCLEAR FREEZE

SECTION: Section A; Page 28, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 368 words


To the Editor:


In a recent column (Feb. 24), William Safire sets forth eight ground rules for
the upcoming campaign. First among these is to ''get right with peace.''
According to Safire, ''For the Democrats, getting right on the peace issue means
dissociation from the freezenik extreme.''

This comment badly misrepresents the support enjoyed by the nationwide movement
for a bilateral and verifiable nuclear-weapons freeze.

In 1982, the freeze appeared as a referendum question on the ballots of 10
states and 35 cities and counties across the country. It passed overwhelmingly
in nine out of 10 states and 32 of the 35 cities and counties where it appeared.
This was the largest public-policy referendum ever held in American history.

I helped to write the legislation which resulted in the freeze question on the
ballot here in Rhode Island. Ten days before the election, I organized a news
conference at which public officials and religious leaders endorsed the freeze.
Participating in that event were the Governor, the Attorney General, every
member of the state's Congressional delegation and

every

 Republican and Democrat running for statewide office, as well as the state's
Catholic, Protestant and Jewish leaders.  The nuclear freeze was supported in
the House of Representatives by an overwhelming majority of its members in a
historic vote on May 4, 1983. The freeze resolution passed 278 to 149.  The
freeze has been endorsed by former C.I.A. Director William Colby, by three
former U.S. Ambassadors to the Soviet Union (Harriman, Kennan and Watson), by
conservative columnist James Kilpatrick and by Marine Corps Gen. William
Fairbourne, a former member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Mr. Safire surely has
the right to oppose the call for a nuclear freeze. However, respect for accuracy
requires that he not call support for a freeze an ''extreme.'' In fact, the
freeze is supported by an overwhelming majority of the American public. We are a
mainstream movement, not a fringe.

JERRY ELMER Providence, R.I., March 1, 1984

The writer is coordinator of the Rhode Island Freeze Campaign and a member of
the National Committee of the Nuclear Freeze Campaign.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              347 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 21, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

New Math Test in New York Schools Penalizes Poor Readers;
A Better Comparison

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 329 words


To the Editor:

Your June 9 report on a decline in math scores in New York City public schools
misrepresents the substantial achievements of the students. Since 1990, we have
been upgrading our mathematics program to meet the higher standards developed by
the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Those standards include reform
of math testing.

A new test was warranted because the test administered since 1986 was dated.
This test was developed to compare student achievement to a national average,
which was tested in 1985. While our students steadily posted gains in scores, it
became more difficult to assess their standing relative to the rest of the
country. This year, a new test, the California Achievement Test, fifth edition,
was given. This tougher test, focusing on the new standards, provides
comparisons to a current national average.

The results were that 49.2 percent of the students scored at or above the
national average, or grade level. Compared with their peers in the rest of the
country, New York's students performed at virtually the same level, since 50
percent of the national norm group performs at or above grade level. In 14
school districts, and in grades 3, 4 and 5, our students outperformed the
national average.

It is inaccurate to compare the percent of students performing at or above a
1985 definition of grade level to the percent of students performing at or above
a 1991 definition of grade level, and to expect higher achievement, as you did.
There is an accepted method of comparing student performance on different tests.

Last spring, 3,500 students, from a number of school districts, representing
every skill level, took both the old test and the new. Using their results, we
can determine and analyze year-to-year progress. Citywide, student performance
improved 5 percentage points, with gains in 30 out of 32 districts.

ROBIN WILLNER
Exec. Director, N.Y.C. Public Schools
Brooklyn, June 9, 1993

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              348 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             August 5, 2016 Friday
                             Politifact.com Edition

DONALD TRUMP WRONGLY SAYS HILLARY CLINTON WANTS TO RAISE TAXES ON THE MIDDLE
CLASS

BYLINE: LINDA QIU

SECTION: POLITIFACT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 606 words


"Hillary Clinton says she wants to, 'raise taxes on the middle class.' "

- Donald Trump on Thursday, August 4th, 2016 in a campaign video

* * *

THE RULING: PANTS ON FIRE!

Hillary Clinton just admitted to a big tax hike, at least according to Donald
Trump.

The Trump campaign sent an email blast to supporters embedded with a video of a
Clinton event in Omaha, Neb., entitled, "Hillary Clinton says she wants to
'raise taxes on the middle class.'"

The subtitles of Clinton's speech read: "Trump wants to cuts taxes for the super
rich. Well, we're not going there, my friends. I'm telling you right now, we're
going to write fairer rules for the middle class and we are going to raise taxes
on the middle class."

"Wait what?" the videos continues, before playing the damning sentence in slow
motion: "We are going to raise taxes on the middle class."

"Wait, what?" was the reaction of the Clinton campaign too. Spokesman Josh
Schwerin told us Clinton actually said the exact opposite.

He pointed to numerous reporters who agreed and forwarded us a transcript of
Clinton's prepared remarks that reads, "We aren't going to to raise taxes on the
middle class."

It's a classic case of she-heard-he-heard, so we asked experts to arbitrate.
They agreed with the Clinton camp and offered some technical evidence to prove
it. Get ready for some science.

Alan Yu, a linguistics professor at the University of Chicago who specializes in
phonology, ran the audio through a computer program called Praat, which analyzes
phonetics.

By analyzing the sound waves, we can see that Clinton was saying "aren't,"
because she definitely pronounced the "n," though she didn't really hit the "t."

As you can see, the phoneme (unit of sound) highlighted in pink is an "n,"
though there's not a "t." That still suggests she was trying for the word
"aren't."

"It is pretty common for people to not release the final 't in word-final -nt
clusters and is definitely not likely for someone to release the 't'in a
three-consonant sequence like 'ntg' in 'aren't going,'" Yu told us. "In any
case, since she did pronounce the 'n' in 'aren't', it is clear that she produced
the negated form of the copula 'are.'"

Edward Flemming, a linguistics professor at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, also ran the audio through Praat and came up with the same results.
But even if we didn't have Praat, he said, context alone sways the argument in
the Clinton camp's favor.

"Also if she was going to say 'we are going to', wouldn't she contract it to
'we're', as she does a few words earlier?" Flemming pointed out. "To my ears, it
is clear that she is saying 'aren't'."

Clinton's tax plan, by the way, does not change the tax rates for the middle
class and instead targets the wealthy through small reforms.

Our ruling

The Trump campaign said, "Hillary Clinton says she wants to, 'raise taxes on the
middle class.' "

According to the transcript, numerous reporters, experts and a computer program,
Clinton said the exact opposite.

We rate this statement Pants on Fire!

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Friday, August 5th, 2016 at 12:34 p.m.

Researched by: Linda Qiu

Edited by: Angie Drobnic Holan

Subjects: Taxes

Sources: Team Trump, "Hillary Clinton Says She Wants to "Raise Taxes on the
Middle Class,'" Aug. 4, 2016; Hillary Clinton, "In Omaha, Hillary Clinton Touts
100-Day Jobs Plan," Oct. 1, 2016; Email interview with Josh Schwerin, Clinton
campaign spokesman, Aug. 4, 2016; Email interview with Alan Yu, linguistics
professor at the University of Chicago, Aug. 4, 2016; Email interview with
Edward Flemming, linguistics professor at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, Aug. 4, 2016

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (3) VIDEO: Did this Donald J. Trump ad misrepresent what Hillary
Clinton actually said about raising taxes?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 28, 2014 Friday

Nov. 29 Readers' letters: San Jose High community deserves an apology

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 920 words


Herhold misrepresents San Jose High School

I wish to protest the offensive and demeaning characterization of San Jose High
School portrayed in Scott Herhold's recent column regarding the relocation of
Downtown College Prep (Page B1, Nov. 27). In his column, Herhold maintains that
moving the DCP campus to a location adjacent to San Jose High School would be a
disaster because of the "gangs and meanness" of the San Jose High community. His
comments are misleading, racially insensitive and incendiary. For decades, the
students and faculty at San Jose High (the oldest high school in San Jose) have
worked tirelessly to produce outstanding students and to represent the community
with integrity and pride. What hard evidence does Herhold offer to support his
bold and damaging assertion? None. On behalf of the tens of thousands of SJHS
Bulldogs in our city and beyond, and on behalf of the terrific faculty and staff
that have kept SJHS operating for more than 150 years, I demand that Herhold
apologize to the entire Bulldog Nation.

Bob Kumamoto

San Jose High, class of 1966 Ex-faculty member, San Jose High Professor Emeritus
of history San Jose State University

To ease tuition hikes, address tax inequity

Bill Gallagher (Letters, Nov. 26) advocates cutting UC salaries to offset
tuition increases. In my opinion, that is not a solution, at least not of the
long term. The problem is that corporations are not paying their fair share of
taxes. In many cases, the biggest in Silicon Valley pay virtually none of the 35
percent. Most have found loophole after loophole. In 1950, the rate was 52
percent and there were no loopholes. Since the Supreme Court made them "people"
with unlimited ability to fund elections, they very much control our
Legislature, pouring billions into campaigns to keep the loopholes. And in the
past few elections our only recourse has been to tax ourselves. We will continue
to pay higher tuition because we elect those who do nothing to address the real
problems facing this state and this nation -- tax inequity.

Mark Grzan

Morgan Hill

Fiscal viability hurts climate change efforts

As interesting as it has been to read the letters concerning climate change in
the Mercury News in the past month, I believe they all miss the crux of the
issue. As long as the world's economic viability depends upon ever-increasing
conspicuous consumption in the developed world and the ever-increasing need to
fulfill the "basic needs" of the increasingly populated undeveloped world, there
is no economically feasible way to reduce worldwide carbon dioxide emissions.
CO2 emissions generated by coal combustion will not end until we run out of
coal.

K. R. Kummerer

Saratoga

Teacher salaries need to be districts' priority

Teachers hold one of the most important careers in the world. Teachers hold the
future in their hands; they teach the students that will become the future. Even
though teachers play an important role in society, their salaries show that they
are underappreciated. We take teachers for granted and do not realize the amount
of extra time they put in to help students. Not only should the East Side Union
High School District increase salaries for its faculty, but so should other
districts. It is sad to see that in order to improve their salary, teachers must
stop helping their students after hours. We do not realize how much extra work
teachers put in to ensure that their students get the help and resources they
need. It is disappointing that we do not recognize the hard work our teachers
put in to their jobs.

Ariana Farsai

Student Notre Dame High School San Jose

Stop demolition of low-income housing

Having developers of high-market construction pay a small part of their profits
toward low-income housing is counterproductive, when low-income housing is
demolished to furnish the land on which the high-end dwellings are placed. We
need an immediate ban on demolition of low-income housing and conversion of
mobile home parks, with some designated area in each town where RVs and travel
trailers may park -- for a fee, of course -- and arrangements for people who are
reduced to living in their cars to park, overnight -- but only overnight -- in
city garages or parking lots adjacent to hygienic facilities, and we need public
baths. We must have some kind of overnight shelter, dry, safe and near
bathrooms, for those who don't have even a car. State mandates for housing
should be directly related to the number of jobs in a city: one job, one
dwelling unit.

Stephanie Munoz

Palo Alto

Groups fight inequity in mental health care

Thank you, Karen Fessel, for your oped (Opinion, Nov. 20), "Mental health care
rules are game changers." The Eating Disorders Resource Center's board of
directors appreciates all state and federal efforts to create parity for mental
illnesses. We look forward to partnering with fellow nonprofits such as the
Autism Health Insurance Project to fight these inequities.

Despite the federal Mental Health Parity and Addictions Equity Act, insurance
companies are continuing to deny claims for medically necessary residential and
intensive outpatient treatments often needed by those struggling to recover.
Patients and caring family members must then accept inadequate care or drain
their savings. Sometimes they do both. Successful implementation of the act will
depend upon hiring staff enabled to effectively enforce the law. Insurance
companies, including Medicare and Medi-Cal, must provide equal coverage to all
patients seeking treatment.

Janice Bremis

San Jose

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 16, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Used car scams easier to pull off online;
'Sellers' can misrepresent themselves -- and the car

BYLINE: Susan Tompor

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 916 words


When Roy Johnson spots a silver Jaguar with a white interior -- and, oddly, he's
spotted more than one -- all he can think about is the great deal that got away.

And, yes, the 63-year-old disabled retiree cannot forget the $7,349 he ended up
losing in the process.

"It was supposed to be shipped for free," said Johnson, who used to work in the
heating and air conditioning business in Huntington, W.Va.

But Johnson ended up with no silver car and no money after being stung by a fake
online ad. Con artists pretended to be connected to a bank repo business but
really touted fake car deals as a way to rake in cash.

Car troubles -- including misrepresentations in ads, faulty repairs and scams
involving used car sales -- are among the top complaints made to state and local
consumer protection agencies, according to a survey by the Consumer Federation
of America and the North American Consumer Protection Investigators.

The used car complaints vary. The consumer survey pointed out one report of a
worthless trade-in promotion in Maryland that promised 100% of the original
manufacturer's suggested retail price as a trade-in allowance. But tricky fine
print meant that  one consumer received no cash on a trade-in for a 2000 Buick
LeSabre.

The complaints about online ads relating to used cars, though, can be far
broader in scope, as con artists have netted more than $50 million in the past
four years.

Based on data provided by the FBI,  the Internet Crime Complaint Center has
received 1,685 auto-auction fraud complaints with a reported loss of $4.9
million this year through July 31. In all of 2011, the Internet Crime Complaint
Center received 4,066 auto-auction fraud complaints with $8.3 million in
reported losses.

The Better Business Bureau for eastern Michigan is warning consumers about
criminals who hijack online  ads to "sell" vehicles that they do not own and
have no intention of delivering.

Often, a good-looking car is advertised at an amazing price. The BBB notes that
some type of "buyer protection plan" can be offered, but it's a scam, too.

Jack Christin Jr., associate general counsel for eBay Motors in San Jose,  said
consumers should watch  for any used car sale that starts  on Craigslist or
elsewhere -- but then the seller supposedly moves the transaction to another
website, such as eBay Motors.

Christin stressed that a hard-luck story -- a sick child or a lost job or a
divorce -- is used to hook potential buyers into believing that the low price is
engineered for a quick sale.

Scammers  don't often offer a $10,000 minivan for $800. Usually, the  sales
price is a deep discount but  a bit more believable. "It's not like so good that
it seems bizarre," Christin said.

Given the Internet, it's easy to show photos of a car online or via e-mail that
you don't own.

But Christin says it's also possible to buy a car sight unseen in a legitimate
online car deal. He noted that eBay Motors has sold more than 4.5 million cars
online since 2000.

Buying a car out of state -- and not seeing it until delivery -- is not
necessarily a problem, if the deal is being conducted in a legitimate way,
Christin said. Many times legitimate buyers and sellers live in different states
and work out a delivery plan.

What buyers don't want to do is pay a stranger for a used car or any item via
Western Union or MoneyGram. Even putting that money on a store-bought prepaid
card could be a great way to lose cash, if you don't know the seller.

Christin has been pleased to see some consumers are becoming more cautious after
efforts to get out the word. He's seen consumers jump into online conversations
on car-enthusiast websites to warn others who mentioned that they just saw a
fantastic deal on a great car -- but maybe that deal seemed somewhat odd.

Johnson cannot remember how he found that low-mileage 2004 Jag. Now, he
understands the red flags that didn't bother him back when he was buying the car
in February 2011.

The seller in his case was never around to talk on the phone. Every conversation
was online. Free shipping seemed a little odd, too, in retrospect. His money was
wired from his bank to, ultimately, an overseas bank account.

The FBI, he said, told him: "I'm sorry to tell you your money is gone."

Johnson tries to be philosophical, saying that his wife reminds him that he
cannot do anything about the money. It's gone.

---

Steering clear of car scams

For more tips regarding online car sales, see eBay's Security Center at:

pages.motors.ebay.com/buy/security/index.html

One sign of a scam: The con artist in a used car scam may refuse to meet the
buyer in person or even allow a vehicle inspection -- claiming they're moving
soon or they need to rush the sale.

Don't get caught up in a long sob story.

Do not use a money transfer service, such as Western Union, to pay a stranger
for a used car or other item. Such services are convenient but best used to send
money to people you know.  See www.westernunion.com/stopfraud.

Be careful if you get an e-mail saying you won a top bid for an auction for a
used car. It's best to go back to the online auto-auction site to double-check.
Con artists can capture e-mail addresses and contact you directly about cars
being sold by someone else.

The FBI's Internet Crime Complaint Center is at www.ic3.gov.

Think twice about dealing with someone in another country.

Beware if you are asked to pay by loading cash onto a store-bought prepaid card.
Consumer agencies say the cards are an easy way for scammers to get cash and not
get caught.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                             Print & First Editions

The Donald's final hurdle: can he make the leap?;
US Election - Washington

BYLINE: Paul McGeough

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1074 words


Two of the modest boasts on which Donald Trump bases his claim to the US
presidency are under renewed challenge - one, that he really knows how to make
money; and two, that women find him irresistible.

In the last days of the campaign, it seems the GOP candidate's erections - we're
talking about his buildings - make nowhere near the millions he claims. And he's
on the droop with women voters - big time.

We'll address these issues in the order that Trump would - money first. Material
assembled by The New York Times suggests Trump has been faking it in his
presidential financial disclosure and elsewhere, on the extent of his earnings
from a slew of prime Manhattan properties and golf courses.

That swank golf course at Doral, Florida, from which he claims annual earnings
of $US50 million? Um, seems that in the year in question, 2014, it actually ran
at a loss of $US2.4 million.

Trump misrepresents revenue as profit - wouldn't want to run a country like
that. This and other accounting sleights of hand have been revealed by the
Times, which used freedom of information laws to access publicly held files on
Trump's land tax appeals.

Trump's art deco jewel, an office rental at 40 Wall Street, Manhattan, seems to
be bleeding him dry too. A fabulous deal, he writes in Trump Never Gives Up,
from which he pulls $US20 million a year.

In his presidential disclosure, that amount fell precipitously - to a mere $US5
million-plus. But documents held by the New York City Tax Commissioner, show
that after usual operating costs, the building returned a paltry $US104,000 in
2014; and in the preceding three years, it lost $US5.5 million.

Ditto a parking garage and restaurant space on Manhattan's dress circle Columbus
Circle - as a presidential candidate Trump claims earnings of up to $US5
million; but appealing his tax assessment, he reveals a 2015 profit of just
$US43,000.

Let's turn to women who, according to polls, are firming as the key demographic
that will deliver the White House to Clinton.

National polls are tightening and Trump is catching up. But the man who by more
particular polling, picked Barack Obama's precise Electoral College win in 2012,
insists that the national horse-race data is misleading - a distraction, a waste
of time.

Jim Messina, Obama's 2012 campaign manager, swears by the more intimate, local
polling - he calls it a "personalised conversation" with voters - which he
argues Clinton has mastered, but Trump dismisses as having no value.

If we take Messina's advice and look at more of this drilly-down stuff, a couple
of Trump's other unscientific assumptions don't seem to hold up.

The Republican candidate claims there's a Brexit-like army of "shy" voters who
are reticent about revealing their voting intentions to pollsters; but who, on
Tuesday, will burst forth to give him a winner's shoulder-ride to 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue. Not going to happen, says new research for Politico
magazine.

He claims too, that a phalanx of millions of so-called "disaffected white
voters," conservative populists who couldn't be bothered voting in 2012, will
rally to his side. Not going to happen, says Nate Cohn, the polling guru at The
New York Times.

To the extent that there has been a surge of new white registrations, Cohn says,
they're young and are likely to vote Clinton. More surprisingly, he concludes,
registered white voters who didn't vote in 2012 are less supportive of Trump
than those who did vote four years ago.

Clinton still hasn't rallied black voters to turn out at the same levels they
did for Obama in 2012, but Trump is in real trouble with women.

Nationally, the men prefer Trump by 11 points (51-40); women prefer Clinton by
11 points (52-41). Clinton is pegged at that 11-point margin with women, because
non-college white women favour Trump by 28 points.

Despite his appalling record of mistreating women, verbally and physically,
Trump is making a late effort, getting his wife and daughters to speak on his
behalf in swing states. But he can't help himself - any new support the Trump
women might garner probably is cancelled by his continued slagging of women,
most recently NBC reporter Katy Tur who has become a target of his verbal abuse
at rallies.

Of course, all of this is greatly qualified by a question that underpins this
election like no other - in the past mainstream media and traditional polling
have been the conduits by which the campaign is translated and understood.

But like never before, social media has dominated this campaign - to what extent
will be seen on Tuesday.

All goes to show, that at age 70, you can't stay up all the time.

538 Electoral college votes

180 likely Trump226 likely Clinton270 to win132 Undecided

When key state polls close - Melbourne times

10am

Indiana (EST)Kentucky (EST)

The first polls close in most parts of Indiana and some areas in Kentucky. Both
states are expected to go the Republicans way.

11am

Florida (EST)GeorgiaNew Hampshire

All eyes on Florida. Most polls in the Sunshine State close at this hour. If
Trump loses those 29 electoral college votes, he loses the race. It's bad news
for Clinton if Virginia goes to the Republicans, likewise for Trump if he loses
Georgia or South Carolina.

11am

North CarolinaOhio

If Trump wins North Carolina and Ohio (along with Florida) then he is within
striking distance of the White House. Lose either and victory is improbable.

12noonFlorida (CST)MaineMichigan (EST)New HampshirePennsylvania

Trump needs another Rust Belt state to get over the line and Michigan or
Pennsylvania would fit that bill. Maine and New Hampshire may change hands but
are small change.

1pm ArizonaColoradoMichigan (CST)MinnesotaNebraska Wisconsin

Last of the booths close in Michigan. If Trump does not win Pennsylvania or
Michigan he would need to pick up Wisconsin and Minnesota. If Clinton does not
win one of Florida, Ohio and North Carolina, she will need her core Rust Belt
states and Colorado to win the White House.

2pm

IowaNevadaUtah

Utah could throw up the first third-party candidate win since 1968 with Evan
McMullin about a 4-1 chance of winning. There is even a remote chance that the
former CIA officer could become president

3pm

CaliforniaHawaiiOregonWashington

An expected Clinton sweep. If the Democrats are to win, it will likely come at
this point. Trump's fate would have already been decided.

4pm

Alaska

The last state to close and one Trump will win. It will either be an
afterthought or the three votes the Republicans need.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           January 20, 2011 Thursday

My Word: Ranked Choice Voting is not a fair system

BYLINE: By Tony Santos Guest commentary

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 680 words


I AM responding to Syeda Inamdar's Jan. 3 My Word, "Ranking the performance of
ranked choice voting." She and the League of Women Voters of Alameda County give
me the opportunity to rebut the numerous errors in Inamdar's piece and I hope I
will be able to clear the error of Ranked Choice Voting (RCV).

In addition, I will show why RCV was ultimately a bad choice for San Leandro.

It is obvious that the local League of Women Voters did not investigate the
outcome of elections in San Francisco and Oakland, and they misrepresent what
occurred in San Leandro. There are many reasons for not supporting RCV.

It was stated in one of the bullets that "Ranked choice voting provides a method
to arrive at a majority candidate without having the costs associated with
runoff elections both for the candidates and the public." This is a typical
talking point by RCV supporters and is simply not true.

If the local league had studied the District 10 supervisorial race in San
Francisco, and looked more carefully at San Leandro's mayoral race, it would
have seen in both instances the winning candidate did not receive majority
support. Supporters of RCV would have all of us believe this is so, but on close
review, this does not occur. Look at the results. Voters cast 17,808 ballots in
San Francisco's District 10 election and the winner received 4,321 votes, or 24
percent support. By the league's standard, this RCV election did not benefit the
voters. I contend this is undemocratic and un-American.

For Inamdar and the League of Women Voters to suggest that it takes a
fourth-grade education to vote in RCV elections, that is an insult to the people
of San Leandro. A recent report by the Center for Investigative Reporting
revealed that low-income voters struggled with ranked choice in San Francisco.

Adding unnecessary complexity to a ballot is never a good idea and can have huge
implications. Just ask the voters in Florida who used the butterfly ballot,
voted for the wrong candidate and changed the course of history.

There was to have been an extensive education program, particularly for
underrepresented communities, but the outreach fell short of the goals. The
local league promising to assist in education efforts was nonexistent in San
Leandro. The league has not addressed this problem, and members should.

Another misleading point by the league was the comment on the number of valid
votes cast. The league states only 55 votes were invalid. This is not so -- the
registrar reports there were 83 "over votes." In San Francisco's District 10
race with 21 candidates, nearly 2.5 percent of voters invalidated their ballot
with upward to 4 percent in lower income and ethnic neighborhoods. In addition,
there were more than 53 percent who did not have their votes count in the
decisive runoff round.

For San Leandro, it was 10 percent. Why? Exhausted ballots. In learning about
RCV, did anyone ever hear about "exhausted ballots?" If those voters knew their
votes weren't going to be counted, would they have voted at all? The Center for
Election Science, a nonpartisan voting rights organization, extensively reviewed
and rebuts Inamdar's claims. They can be read at www.electology.org/san-leandro
.

Many have realized RCV does not do what supporters promote. It does not result
in civil campaigns, does not result in a majority winner, has proved to be
confusing to non-English speakers, minorities and seniors. It is definitely
un-American and undemocratic, and should not be used anywhere in the U.S.

We have constitutional rights that guarantee our right to vote, and that all
votes should be counted. What will happen when San Leandro has 20 candidates
running for an open seat like San Francisco and the winner receives less than 25
percent support? This also violates the city charter.

I hope that the local League of Women Voters will admit that RCV is not the
American way to hold elections.

Tony Santos has lived in San Leandro 47 years. He was a member of the San
Leandro City Council for 18 years, and is the former mayor of San Leandro. He
served as mayor for four years.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              July 19, 2009 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Radical health care reform is folly

BYLINE: By Dr. June O'Neill< Guest Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 663 words


At President Obama's request, Congress is rushing to produce a plan that
promises both medical coverage and high-quality care for all Americans.

But nationalization of the way 250 million non-elderly Americans receive medical
care should not be taken lightly. Such efforts could create relentless cost
pressures and, in turn, a decline in the quality of medical care that most
Americans take for granted.

Lost in the rush to action is a clear definition of the problem.

The case for radical reform is invariably made by pointing to the Census
Bureau's estimate that 47 million Americans lack health insurance. However, this
estimate grossly misrepresents the size of the problem.

The number of Americans who lack health insurance is not synonymous with the
numbers who lack care.

More careful analysis shows that a large percentage of the uninsured either have
high enough incomes to afford medical care or receive health services from a
variety of government and other sources. In a study for the Employment Policies
Institute co-authored with Dave O'Neill, I found that close to half of those
reported as uninsured have incomes at least 250 percent of the poverty line
(averaging about $65,000) and could therefore be viewed as voluntarily
uninsured.

About 30 percent report they were offered insurance by their employers but
rejected it, and others qualify for Medicaid but are not enrolled.

It is frequently alleged that the uninsured are denied basic health care
services - in particular, preventive care. Data on screening for cancer show
that although the uninsured in the United States do not have as high a level of
testing as those with private insurance, their screening rates are as good, or
better, than those of Canadians - who are covered by a universal, single-payer
system.

Many of the uninsured also receive medical care beyond basic preventive
services. Based on the results of a Kaiser Foundation study authored by Jack
Hadley and John Holahan, we found that the uninsured receive about half the
dollar value of services as those covered by private insurance. They access care
through a network of community health centers and free clinics, through some
out-of-pocket expenditures as well as from free services provided by hospitals
that are reimbursed through federal payments for uncompensated care.

The uninsured are a highly diverse group that varies considerably across the
nation. Forty percent of the uninsured live in four states - California, Texas,
Florida and New York. Thirty percent of people ages 18-64 are uninsured in Texas
compared to 11 percent in Minnesota.

The states with a high percentage of uninsured generally have a high percentage
of immigrants. Thirty percent of the uninsured nationwide are immigrants, and
most are not citizens.

The geographic and demographic diversity of the uninsured suggests that a
prudent approach to aiding this group should involve a state-federal partnership
that would take into account the size of the problem as well as the services
they currently receive. A one-size-fits-all mandate makes little sense.

There are many reasons why policy-makers should not plunge into a new national
health insurance plan, not the least of which is the troubled economy and the
massive federal debt we have been accumulating.

The current woes facing Medicare should also signal a warning. Medicare is
federally funded and operated, yet Medicare has not controlled its spending.
This year, Medicare expenditures are expected to reach $500 billion, and the
prognosis for the future fiscal status of the program is dire.

A plan for fixing Medicare should be No. 1 on the to-do list of federal health
care reform. To add a potentially even more explosive plan for the rest of the
population is sheer fiscal folly.

(The writer is a former Congressional Budget Office director, and Wollman
Distinguished Professor of Economics and director of the Center for the Study of
Business and Government at Baruch College, City University of New York.)

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: guest column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Seattle-First Wins First Round in Effort;
To Collect $55 Million Insurance Claim

                            March 29, 1988, Tuesday

By MICHAEL J. PARKS

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Seattle-First National Bank emerged victorious in the first phase of a battle to
collect on a $55 million directors' liability policy issued by National Union
Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., in 1982.

On Friday, a six-member jury in U.S. district court here rejected National
Union's contention that Seafirst's management had covered up the bank's
financial difficulties in September 1982 on the application for the policy.

The verdict sets the stage for a second trial, during which Seafirst will try to
prove that National Union acted in bad faith in rejecting the claim.  Seafirst
would be entitled to double the policy limits, or $110 million, if it can prove
that case.

National Union indicated that it is likely to appeal the jury's verdict.  "Our
case was based on the strong belief that Seafirst did in fact misrepresent and
conceal many important facts in applying for the insurance policy," spokeswoman
Gayla Brewer said.

The lawsuits grew out of Seafirst's near collapse because of sour energy loans
it had acquired in the early 1980s from Penn Square Bank, Oklahoma City.  Penn
Square failed in 1982.  It had also brokered energy loans to the Continental
Illinois National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago and Chase Manhattan Bank.

Seafirst had to be rescued by BankAmerica Corp. in July 1983, when losses on the
Penn Square and other loans virtually wiped out its capital.

Seafirst had applied to National Union in September 1982 for a surplus line of
directors' and officers' liability insurance worth $55 million.  National Union
issued the policy, with a clause making it retroactive, in November 1982.
During the trial, Seafirst contended that National Union jumped at the chance to
write the policy for nine times the going rate for such insurance.

$110 Million Judgment in '85

In 1985, Seafirst obtained a $110 million judgment for mismanagement from former
officers.  But it agreed to enforce the judgment on insurance carriers only,
letting the former officers, including former chairman William M. Jenkins, off
the hook.

CNA Insurance Co., Chicago, which underwrote primary directors' coverage at
Seafirst, paid a claim under its policy.  But National Union argued that
Seafirst had misrepresented its financial condition on the application and
refused to pay.  It also contended that the policy was designed to protect
directors from suit by outsiders, not derivative lawsuits by the bank against
its former management.

U.S. District Court Judge Barbara Rothstein had instructed the jury that in
order to find in National Union's favor they would have to conclude it was
highly probable that Seafirst officers had intentionally deceived the insurance
company and that National Union was unaware of the deception and had adequately
checked Seafirst's financial condition before issuing the policy.  Evidence
introduced at trial indicated that National Union did not begin delving into
Seafirst's financial condition until after it had issued the policy.

The jury deliberated for four days following a trial that lasted about three
weeks.

The Seattle verdict was the second big Seafirst win in two week in cases
relating to its days as a lender to the Oil Patch.  On March 14, U.S. District
Court Judge H.F. Garcia of San Antonio ruled that Seafirst could proceed with
foreclosure against a 144,500-acre Texas ranch owned by oil baron Clinton
Manges.  Seafirst and Mr. Manges have been locked in a legal battle for about
five years over $47 million in loans the bank made to Mr. Manges and related
parties in 1980 and 1982.

In a 29-page opinion, Judge Garcia wrote: "Defendants have no one but themselves
to blame for their financial predicament.  They incurred the debt, and it's time
for the fat lady to sing."

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 632 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                              355 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                             April 15, 2012 Sunday

Acclaimed band takes music ministry to North Bay church

BYLINE: By Rich Freedman/

SECTION: SUNDAY OUTLOOK

LENGTH: 779 words


When you're getting-this-close-to-high-profile Christian band, there's a subtle
pressure to behave.

"You don't want to misrepresent 'the company,'" said Marc Martel, co-lead singer
and songwriter for Downhere. "There's a balance. You draw hard lines when it
comes to stuff like

alcohol."

Basically, "no whisky after a show," Martel said, obviously

joking.

The rules, as they are, were set a long time ago for this much-acclaimed band
that headlines The Called To Love Tour next Sunday at the Spring Hill Community
Church just north of Santa Rosa

in Fulton.

"It comes natural to us, being responsible to Christ in every way," said Martel,
who started the band with Jason Germain fresh out of Bible College in Canada

in 2001.

Formerly with Word -- one of the most notable Christian labels -- Downhere has
won every award presented by the genre, including the 2012 Juno Award for "Best
Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album of the Year" for "On the Altar of Love."

The 34-year-old Montreal son of a preacher man said it's always been music as a
way to shine.

"I'm pretty much of an introvert," Martel said earlier this week. "One stage is
one time to get out of my shell and express myself and take advantage of that
time to let myself go a little bit."

Yes, he said, there's a "huge responsibility" as a Christian artist.

"But it's my favorite thing to do," he said. "If I couldn't do music, it would
be weird. Music is tied into my personality. I try not to let it define me. It
is a huge part of who I am."

If he had to do something other than music? Tough call.

"I'd probably be a graphic designer," Martel said.

He laughed.

"I don't like to work. That's what it comes down to," said Martel, now in
Nashville with his wife.

In reality, touring in a bus with his own band and support acts Aaron Shust and
Jason Gray through the West Coast is work. When he is beat and has to drag
himself on stage, Martel gets through it "partly by dragging myself on stage,"
he said. "Sleep is the most important factor. In the last few years, there's a
lot of trial and error that works well on the road. We're rarely out more than a
week. This is a two-week run, which is pretty rough."

Fortunately, Martel said, "I have the benefit having to work the road with
people we like."

Because most of Downhere's concerts are at churches, Martel sees the topics and
concerns that are on the public and pulpit's mind.

"It seems like God is preaching the same thing to a lot of churches in the
country, spreading across the whole land," Martel said. "Even the sermons are
like, 'Wow, it's the same thing they're learning in Charlotte.'"

The bottom line, said Martel, "is we're there to serve. And I love meeting
people. It's one of the things that differentiates one day to the next. It gives
more meaning to the day, hearing people's stories and how they've been affected
by our music."

Though it is about God and the people who hear the music, Martel didn't take
long to understand that in the business side of the music industry "nobody's
going to care about your ministry and your band more than you do."

Right after Bible College and fresh off a contract with Word, "we thought, 'This
is our big break,'" Martel said.

The struggle, however, was there for several years.

"We lived together the first year in a half with the whole band, the road
manager and two wives. Seven people in a four bedroom house," Martel sid. "That
was a pressure cooker for us."

However, living, working and attending church together unified the musicians
like nothing else could.

"I don't know if we would have survived if we didn't have that pressure on us,"
Martel said. "It set a fire under us. It was 'You have to work or go back home
and find something else to do.'"

Post-concert comments often keep the band going, Martel said. Even better than
having more than 3.5 million YouTube views on his version of Queen's "Somebody
to Love."

"The best part, definitely, is the feedback," he said. "The times when people
say we've changed their lives. 'I didn't slit my wrists because your song came
on the radio.' You can't

beat that."

Sure, he said, after 10 years, "the band's goal is to still be an "A" artist
headlining festivals."

"I don't know if we will ever be that artist and we're OK with that," Martel
said. "We want to be the soundtrack for Christian living. As long as we can keep
doing this and provide for my family, it's a rich life."

If you go

What: "The Called to Love Tour" sponsored by World Vision, with Downhere, Aaron
Shust and Jason Gray

When: Sunday, April 22, 6 p.m.

Where: Spring Hill Community Church, 3700 Fulton Road, Fulton

Tickets: $20 reserved, $10 general advance, $15 day of show

Info: itickets.com, (707) 579-5683; downhere.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 27, 2000 Thursday 2D EDITION

Denver drama dumb

BYLINE: Joanne Ostrow, TV/RADIO,

SECTION: SCN; Pg. F-03

LENGTH: 628 words


I can almost forgive the CBS John Denver movie for being  dull. The local hero
was more sweet than eccentric, his songs more  nature-loving than exciting.

I can nearly forgive 'Take Me Home: The John Denver Story'  for being too
literal, poorly written and weakly acted. Based on  his 1994 autobiography, the
film doesn't aspire to be literary.

I can even understand why the TV version of his life story  sadly misrepresents
Colorado. It's much cheaper to produce  programming in Vancouver, so the drippy
Pacific Northwest mist  stands in for the Colorado Rocky Mountain high.

But bad lip-synching?

Chad Lowe's less-than-convincing impersonation of the  singer-songwriter is
ultimately the chief annoyance in this film  overstocked with disappointments. A
whiney Lowe relies on wigs,  granny glasses and big smiles to get him through
the two hours.  May sweeps audiences are right to expect more and better.

Kristin Davis ('Sex and the City') buttons up and tones down  for the role of
Annie Martell, Denver's first wife and the  inspiration for 'Annie's Song.' And
Gerald McRaney dons his  brusque military man pose as Denver's distant dad.
Their  performances are entirely adequate, despite the obstacles of
heavy-handed dialogue.

Denver's fans may content themselves with the presence of 16  songs by their
country boy hero.

Onward to the voyeurism contests of summer.

Exhibitionists wanted!

KCNC will hold a one-day tryout for the upcoming CBS reality  show 'Big Brother'
on Saturday, 9 a.m.-4 p.m. at the station, 1044  Lincoln Street. Just show up,
fill out an application and talk on  videotape for two minutes about why you
should be considered.

'Big Brother' is the Dutch import that will follow 10  strangers living together
in a spare dwelling on strict rations  with no TV, no phone, computers,
newspapers or mail, but with  cameras and microphones eavesdropping on their
lives for three  months. Viewers can watch the show five nights a week this
summer,  or log on anytime and follow the real-time action via a Web site.

Apparently we'll be able to watch the residents in their  back-to-basics home as
they 'grow their own vegetables, bake their  own bread, tend a flock of chickens
and participate in a variety  of group activities such as doing a jigsaw puzzle

   '

Doesn't PBS normally cover the vegetable-growing, and jigsaw  puzzle-solving
events? Don't viewers know to tune in the Food  Network to watch dough rise?

CBS is hoping for the kind of phenomenon the Netherlands  witnessed for the
original version of the series, with a more hip  MTV 'Real World'-style flavor.
They also hope there's no suicide  attempt this time, as there was for the Dutch
show. (Psychologists  in Holland roundly blasted the series as unethical and
dangerous.  With an endorsement like that, CBS is ready to roll.)

The object of the voyeuristic game is to be the last  remaining inhabitant of
the wired house. The contestants will be  forced to expel one of their number
every couple of weeks. The  group will nominate two potential losers; TV viewers
will vote by  phone to pick the actual loser. And so on, until a finalist wins
$ 500,000.

Sound like fun?

Channel 4 says the only rules for participating in the  one-day-only tryout are
that you must be at least 21, a U.S.  citizen living in the U.S., in excellent
physical and mental  health, and that you get there by noon Saturday.

Tonight on TV

'When Husbands Cheat' at 7 p.m. on Lifetime stars Patricia  Kalember as a
long-married woman who discovers her husband has a  second life.

Denver Post Radio/TV Critic Joanne Ostrow's column runs  Monday through
Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                October 13, 1996, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

ADS IN WILSON-KENNEY RACE PUT SPIN ON TRUTH

BYLINE: Virginia Young Post-Dispatch Jefferson City Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 759 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


In a new TV attack ad, Lt. Gov. Roger Wilson has accused his opponent, state
Sen. Bill Kenney, of selling tax shelters for a firm that operated illegally.

Wilson, a Democrat, charges in the ad that Kenney is a "questionable
businessman" because he worked for a brokerage firm that violated securities
laws in 10 states, including Missouri.

Kenney, the Republican nominee, responded that Wilson's ad was based on
"deliberate falsehoods and distortions." Kenney, who worked for the company
intermittently from 1978 through 1981, said he was never accused by a state
regulatory body of wrongdoing.

Kenney said Wilson was trying to divert attention from his record of missing
votes and supporting tax increases, the subject of a Kenney TV ad.

That drew a response from Wilson, who said Kenney's ad misrepresents Wilson's
record. Noting that Kenney's ad hit the airwaves first, Wilson said: "It's not
my intention to be negative, but if we get in that kind of fight, I'm not going
to be the last one hurt."

The Facts

Both candidates' ads put their spin on the truth. Based on interviews and
records, here are the facts.

Wilson's ad targets a firm called Wall Street West, based in Denver. Kenney
began to work for the firm in November 1978 in Greeley, Colo. He had been chosen
next to last in the National Football League's draft that year. After being cut
by the Washington Redskins, he returned to Greeley, where he had gone to
college, and got a broker's license.

He sold stocks until his successful tryout with the Kansas City Chiefs in March
1979. He also sold stocks during the off-season in 1980 and 1981. He worked in
Colorado. His customers included people he had met in Missouri.

Wall Street West was never registered to sell securities in Missouri, as
required by law. In 1983, the company signed a consent order admitting it had
sold securities in Missouri between Jan. 1, 1979, and July 1, 1982. It offered
refunds to Missouri customers.

Not Registered In Missouri

Records in the Missouri secretary of state's office show Kenney was the account
executive for at least 11 of the company's 40 customers in Missouri, including
some who worked for the Chiefs. His agent number was 009, the same as his Chiefs
jersey number.

Kenney never was registered to sell securities in Missouri. No action was taken
against him. Kenney, who represents Lee's Summit in the state Senate, says he
was not told he did anything wrong.

"Being new to that business, I was just doing what my broker told me," Kenney
said. "I sold some penny stocks. I looked at it as a part-time job. I never made
much money at it."

Besides Missouri, the company was disciplined in Arizona, Iowa, Massachusetts,
Montana, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming.

Marc Farinella, Wilson's campaign consultant, said the ad doesn't allege that
Kenney "personally was involved in some fraudulent scheme. We're saying that he
worked for an unscrupulous company that was closed d own all over the place."

Farinella, former chief of staff to Gov. Mel Carnahan, helped produce the Wilson
ad for Shorr & Associates Inc. of Philadelphia.

Disputed Absences

The ad also criticized Kenney for voting last year against a bill that makes it
illegal for investment dealers to lie to their clients. Kenney's campaign
manager, Will Leathem, said Kenney opposed the bill because it included a fee
increase and a standard tougher than the federal standard for those who deal
"incidentally" but not primarily in securities.

Kenney's ad accuses Wilson of missing 764 votes in his 13 years in the state
Senate. Wilson, who represented Columbia, said the figure is correct, but it is
764 out of 9,020 - a better than 91 percent voting record.

When he missed votes, Wilson said, he was usually working on the state budget as
chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee.

Kenney's ad also alleges that Wilson voted for 228 tax increases. A list
provided by Kenney's campaign shows that the number includes items such as
registration fees paid by motor-vehicle dealers, a tourism tax for Ste.
Genevieve County, title fees for registration of boats and a fee in St. Charles
County for food-service inspection.

Wilson said Kenney must be counting "every dog tag fee and you name it." Many of
the increases were sought by communities and supported by politicians from both
parties, Wilson said.

Wilson is considered one of the two most vulnerable statewide officeholders this
year.

The other one is Secretary of State Bekki Cook, also a Democrat.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo headshots (1) Lt. Gov. Roger Wilson - Has new attack ad
(2) State Sen. Bill Kenney - "I sold some penny stocks"

TYPE: PROFILE MISSOURI LIEUTENANT GUBERNATORIAL RACE

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              358 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            November 2, 2010 Tuesday

Channel 4 accused of misleading contributors to green documentary

BYLINE: Leo Hickmanguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 1374 words

ABSTRACT

Adam Werbach says he was not informed of the polemical nature of the programme,
and that his opinions are not accurately represented

FULL TEXT

An environmental documentary due to be broadcast on Channel 4 on Thursday
evening has come under attack from a leading American environmentalist who was
interviewed for the programme, as well as a coalition of anti-GM campaigners
based in the developing world.

and former president of the conservation group, told the Guardian that the
makers of  did not inform him about the programme's polemical nature when they
first approached him to contribute. He says that the final version, which he has
seen, does not accurately represent his opinions and that he wants his
contribution edited out of the programme. He is now considering making a formal
complaint to , the UK's media regulator, once the programme has aired.

said it also had "major issues" with how the film was explained to potential
contributors and considered it was "lied to" about the film's focus when asked
by the film-makers to provide archive footage of environmental protests from the
1960s. Channel 4 and the production company, , denied they had misled
contributors.

The documentary is described by Channel 4 as a film in which "life-long diehard
greens advocate radical solutions to climate change, which include GM crops and
nuclear energy". Contributors such as , and , author of the Whole Earth Catalog,
are, say the channel, now part of a "a group of environmentalists across the
world [who] believe that, in order to save the planet, humanity must embrace the
very science and technology they once so stridently opposed ... They argue that
by clinging to an ideology formed more than 40 years ago, the traditional green
lobby has failed in its aims and is ultimately harming its own environmental
cause."

The 90-minute documentary will be followed by a live studio debate chaired by
news presenter  and will feature "leading policy makers, commentators,
scientists, entrepreneurs and economists". Guardian columnist  is scheduled to
be among the 12 panellists taking part in the debate.

In a letter sent today to Channel 4's head of news and current affairs, Dorothy
Byrne, a coalition of anti-GM campaigners based in the developing world led by
India's  accused the filmmakers of using only two "southern-based commentators",
both of whom are "funded by major GMO [genetically modified organisms]
companies".

The letter states: "We are tired of the corporate campaigns which claim to speak
for the global south and allege that western-based non-governmental
organisations are imposing their beliefs about genetically modified food on our
countries."

Adam Werbach said the film "misrepresents who is to blame for many of our social
and environmental problems". He added: "Blaming environmentalists for starvation
and lack of energy [in developing nations] is like blaming weathermen for the
weather." More specifically, Werbach said Darlow Smithson did not "accurately
share with me the editorial basis of the documentary when they asked me to
contribute".

"They told me they were doing a documentary about the ideas of Stewart Brand,
who is a friend of mine, and looking at other inspiring ideas and new ways to
protect the planet," he said. "They didn't tell me that it was basically about
nuclear reactors and genetically modified foods. They first referred to the film
as the 'Stewart Brand documentary' and then they called it the 'New
Environmentalists'."''

He added: "I don't feel the film accurately represents my opinions, which leaves
me uncomfortable. I'd rather not be part of it. Being critical of the
environmental movement is important to make the environmental movement better.
But to attack the environmental movement for thousands or millions of deaths in
Africa is far beyond anything I believe. I'm upset that I was not told the
proper title of this film. I would rather my contribution was edited out of the
programme."

Werbach says there are "four or five, one or two-sentence quotes" from him in
the final film, but that such editing has decontextualised his views: "For
example, a lot of what I was talking about was the American environmental
movement and in the interviews I had made it very clear that I was talking about
the US but that things are different globally. But that was never made clear in
the film."

"Nuclear power and GM foods are portrayed as the hallmark issues of 'New
Environmentalists'. But these have never been issues for me. The opening and
closing packages of the film start with a description of these New
Environmentalists who believe that the environmental movement has done damage by
blocking GM foods and nuclear power. But it would be a real strain to look at my
interview and believe that was my opinion.."

Werbach said he now intends to study section seven of  to see whether he has
grounds for an official complaint. The section covers "fairness" and, in
particular, when a "person is invited to make a contribution to a programme".
Section 7.3 states that a contributor "should normally, at an appropriate stage,
be told the nature and purpose of the programme, what the programme is about and
be given a clear explanation of why they were asked to contribute".

In 2008, Ofcom ruled that Channel 4 had been in breach of section seven of the
code when it aired the highly controversial film The  during the previous year.
In particular,  made by Prof Carl Wunsch, an oceanographer at the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, that the programme makers had failed to properly inform
him that the programme was polemic.

Doug Parr, Greenpeace's chief scientist, said: "Like the film itself, the email
we were sent by the producers was almost comically misleading. You would have
thought Channel 4 would have learned its lesson after the previous
controversies, but judging from this latest attempt to set us up, they haven't.

"We've now seen the documentary. It's a slick expensive piece of film-making,
but gets basic stuff flat out wrong and misrepresents the green movement from
start to finish, such as claiming that we told Zambia to reject GM food aid when
in reality we recommended that they accept it if that was the only option. After
[a 1997 documentary about environmentalism that was found by the Independent
Television Commission to have misled interviewees about "the content and purpose
of the programmes" and to have distorted their views "through selective
editing"] and the Great Global Warming Swindle it's a case of 'here we go
again'"

A Channel 4 spokesperson said: "The green movement is not united by one
orthodoxy - this is demonstrated by the range of views within the film. All the
contributors were briefed extensively on the over-arching narrative of the film
which is led by the views of our main interviewees Stewart Brand and Mark
Lynas."

The spokesperson rejected the idea that Andrew Werbach had been deliberately
misled over the nature of the film and said that the clips of his interview
accurately represented his opinions. "The correspondence with Adam Werbach
clearly and accurately describes the basis for the film as the eco-pragmatist
thesis of environmentalist Stewart Brand." She said that he had signed a
contributor release for which described the film as examining "recent
revisionist trends in thinking about some key environmental issues including
climate change, nuclear power, genetically-modified food and pollution."

"It was made clear that the different titles for the project at the outset were
working titles. There was no intention to deceive him, the final title was only
chosen and confirmed at the time of billing [two weeks ago]."

Craig Bennett, director of policy and campaigns at Friends of the Earth, said:
"We're always up for having a debate - but we've seen this documentary, and it
is a blatant piece of misinformation based largely on the views of paid
lobbyists and journalists with books to sell."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Marin IJ Readers' Forum for June 7

BYLINE: Marin Independent Journal

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1962 words


Balancing recreation and preservation

Laura Pandapas, a spokesperson for Save Off-Leash Dog Walking and Marin County
Residents for Defense of Places, seems to be reading a different Golden Gate
National Recreation Area plan than the rest of us. There are numerous inaccurate
statements in her June 1 Marin Voice column.

The plan does not suggest "Yosemite-style management" or that it is designed "to
attract and accommodate growing visitation to monetized destinations like Muir
Woods National Monument while removing people from more remote portions of the
GGNRA ..."

She is incorrectly stating that, "Ninety percent of Marin's GGNRA land will be
classified as a "natural zone" where access will be "restricted" to many."
However, if that "many" refers to restrictions on where dogs will be allowed to
roam free, yes, this is absolutely necessary to protect wildlife in the face of
ever-increasing pressure on natural resources.

It is also unfortunate that she attempts to disparage and misrepresent the role
of the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy. It is bordering on absurd to
claim that, "The voice of the taxpayer is drowned out by the deep pockets and
priorities of the conservancy." The conservancy is doing a terrific job on the
public's behalf. We are fortunate to have them as a park partner.

The plan does state that since the previous 1980 update, "There is an increased
public demand for access to, and use of, open spaces within the San Francisco
Bay region. The general management plan provides a regional collaborative
approach to open space preservation and recreation use."

There have been a number of inaccurate IJ letters of late on upcoming plans for
Muir Woods and GGNRA. Please review these plans for yourself, available online,
or speak with management and then draw your own conclusions.

Larry Minikes, San Rafael

GMO labeling bill is about informing the public

Regarding Tuesday's letter from the Washington, D.C., lobbyist in favor of GMO
foods: It's cynically ironic that his organization is named Center for Consumer
Freedom when his letter advocated just the opposite   keeping the identity of
GMO foods off the labels of food so that consumers are not free to know what
they're buying.

The letter talked about the organic foods people trying to scare the public, but
an informed public is what agribusiness (and their paid shils like the writer of
that letter) are spending millions to avoid.

Does anyone believe that stuff?

Dave Troup, San Anselmo

IJ's new typeface is too small to read

I too find the print too small to read comfortably. I also miss the obits on the
front page and a table of contents.

John Lister, Corte Madera

New font, type size is not enjoyable

I agree with Readers' Forum letters written by Carole Kraus and Charles
Crawford. The font size reduction of the IJ's new format is worse than not good.

It is ridiculous.

Reducing font size to cram more into the paper is not making the IJ better. It
makes it less readable and less enjoyable.

Bring back "Three Things to Do Today" to its old-format location   a very nice
simple feature.

Some of us are from back East. There is more to the world than Marin. The IJ
should print more real news from across the United States.

You are working too hard to force in local news that really is not news. Far too
much space is devoted to recipes, restaurants and social events, etc.

They are interesting, but how big is that audience?

This is supposed to be a news paper   not recipes. Not a local neighborhood
newsletter.

Bill Hess, Greenbrae

Type too small

for a sexagenarian

I am not an octogenarian like letter writer Charles Crawford in Wednesday's IJ.

I'm only a sexagenarian (which is not nearly as exciting as it sounds), but I
completely agree with him that the IJ's new font is much too small.

Please fix it soon.

Jon A. Marchant, Fairfax

Thanks to COM for a fine education

Leaving College of Marin is bittersweet because COM has been my second home.

You gave me the attention, support and the guidance students often need when
dealing with something new, difficult or problematic. I honestly and truly
enjoyed every class I took at COM and even the tough ones.

Although I leave COM with excitement and enthusiasm for what lies ahead, I also
leave with a sad heart. COM will be with me in spirit as I will never again be
in a difficult position at work without thinking of a solution I've learned in
my business classes. I will never deal with a mathematical problem without
thinking of the help I received from professors and tutors in the math lab.

After working in a business office atmosphere for so many years, I thought I
knew everything about computers. But I was wrong. I now have in my possession,
knowledge that will assist me in my future endeavors.

I also take with me the history of our remarkable country and other places like
Latin America, Europe and Africa.

COM opened my mind to other cultures, languages, religions, art and dance. More
importantly, I learned to consider other possibilities and to look at things
from another point of view.

And because of the education I received at COM, I have several options. Although
I would love to accept admission at UC Berkeley, the management program at the
University of San Francisco is calling me.

Attending this special program for working adults will allow me to go back to
the career I love (as a recruiter) while I attend night classes.

I'm a hard worker so I am up to the task of working full-time while I work
towards attaining the bachelor's degree that has long eluded me.

I want COM's faculty and staff to know that all the day-to-day effort they put
into classes and services affect students' lives in a wonderful and positive
way.

My experience at COM has been fantastic.

Evelyn Cruz, San Rafael

Fairfax should have just told ABAG 'no thanks'

The IJ reported that the $300,000 the town of Fairfax was hoping to receive in
exchange for compliance with the Association for Bay Area Governments is on
hold. The town's plan was to use that money to redo the Parkade, which is quite
functional and was redone in 1989.

In order to qualify for that money, the town had to come up with a new general
plan which included major rezoning, adding 124 more units to this small town.

On request, I was sent numbers on the amount of our money spent on this new plan
and the rezoning. The total was almost $300,000, with most of that paid to
consultants. Another $2,500 was spent to fly out a parking meter expert from Los
Angeles to speak and present a slide show. Thousands were paid to the attorney
working on the rezoning ordinance.

Fairfax is the town consistently voted everyone's favorite, other than their
own. As I work downtown, I constantly hear from visitors how charmed they are
the reason being the old fashioned design of Fairfax is original and authentic
and has been preserved.

The new general plan and the rezoning would completely change the town's
character. Hopefully, the push back from residents came just in time and the
nostalgia one feels in Fairfax will continue.

Diane Hoffman, Fairfax

Tam invites Marin to celebrate Ocean Day

June 8 is World Oceans Day, and hundreds of aquariums, zoos, museums and
conservation organizations, including the Tamalpais High School Ocean
Conservation Club and Marine Science Class, will join with thousands of
individuals around the world in fun, inspirational and educational events.

The ocean is so vital to us every day, but all too often overlooked and taken
for granted. "World Oceans Day" provides an opportunity to focus special
attention on our world's shared oceans.

We can celebrate our personal connection to the sea, as well as to raise
awareness about the crucial role the ocean plays in our lives and the
increasingly critical need for each of us to help conserve its wonders and
resources.

This year, celebrations here at Tamalpais High School will draw attention to the
importance of getting young people in our communities inspired to protect the
ocean, under the theme, "Youth: the Next Wave for Change."

According to reports from The Ocean Project, youth not only have the highest
level of concern about the problems facing the world's oceans, from oil spills
and overfishing to climate change, but also are the most confident in their
ability to make a difference, and increasingly looked to by the adults in their
families for ways to be part of the solution by 'going green,' or perhaps more
appropriately, 'going aquamarine!'

So this World Oceans Day, please join the Ocean Conservation club at Tamalpais
High School, from noon to 5 p.m., in celebrating the ocean.

We no longer can afford to ignore the blue portions of our green planet.

April Tucker, marine science teacher, Tamalpais High School

Dog owners should abide by the rules

It seems we have a new wave of scofflaws in Marin who feel they are entitled to
bring their pets into restaurants and grocery stores. I believe most of them
know this violates the law but don't care.

If they don't know the rules, here they are:

For our health and safety, dogs are not allowed in restaurants or grocery
stores. Exceptions are for trained guide dogs, trained signal dogs for hearing
impaired and service dogs trained to assist its owner with a particular
disability.

These are the only dogs allowed in restaurants or grocery stores. The law
specifically states, the "provision of emotional support, well-being, comfort or
companionship do not constitute work or tasks" of a credentialed service dog.

The law requires that a person entering a restaurant or grocery store have the
dog on a leash and tagged as a guide, signal or service dog with a special tag
issued by the Marin Humane Society.

If the restaurant or grocery store allows a dog that is not properly tagged into
the premises, it risks fines and other sanctions from the health department.

Let's get with it Marin.

Restaurants and grocery stores are not your personal dining room or kitchen. As
much as you love Fido   and I love to see well-behaved four-legged critters
leave Fido at home.

Jack McLean, Greenbrae

'South Pacific' is 'an enchanting afternoon'

We had an absolutely wonderful time seeing the Mountain Play, "South Pacific,"
on Mt. Tamalpais last Sunday.

We want to let everyone know that they should see this great show. The singing,
dancing, acting and music are all tremendous.

The way in which the theatre is transformed into a naval base is amazing. It is
truly an enchanting afternoon.

We are so fortunate in Marin to have our Mountain Play. Please do yourself and
your family a favor by seeing it this year.

Renee and Roy Chernus, Novato

Poet Maya Angelou stood tall and proud

When the news came that yet another great tree had fallen, that you dear sister
Maya Angelou had come to the end of your sojourn here, the earth shuddered at
your passing and rivers of grief began to swallow up those of us left behind as
our hearts broke open with one last yearning for the sound of your resonant
voice.

You who stood tall and proud, your roots dug deep in the rich soil of your
peoples' spirituals and field hollers, work songs and sorrow songs, blues and
jazz and the rhythmic beat of your ancestor's African drums.

You who have been a beacon lighting the way, a steady compass pointing true
north to justice and inclusion, peace and freedom.

You whose story inspired us, whose writings enriched us, whose passion deepened
us, whose courage steeled our backbone. The power in your words could set feet
to marching and their tenderness could pry open even a heart crusted over with
ignorance and hate.

From wherever you are, we know you will be watching us, urging us to keep on
keeping on, for the race is far from over and there are hearts to be won and
minds to be opened and a new and better world to be built on the ruins of the
old.

David Glick, Fairfax

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2014 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 10, 2005, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

RNC challenges ads criticizing Bush's Social Security plan

BYLINE: Mark Memmott

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 554 words

Vowing not to "cede one inch" to critics of President Bush's plan to overhaul
Social Security, the Republican National Committee is aggressively challenging
television ads about the proposal if it thinks they are false or misleading.

In the first shot at such ads, the RNC last week sent letters to 14 TV outlets
calling on them to stop airing an ad produced by the liberal advocacy group
MoveOn.org. None took the spot off the air.


A station in South Bend, Ind., with MoveOn's approval, added a statement to the
ad that partially addressed the RNC's complaint. The station manager says he
wasn't responding to the RNC's pressure, but to his own belief that the ad could
be misleading.

The ad shows elderly actors working at a variety of jobs. A narrator says Bush's
plan would cut retirees' Social Security benefits "up to 46%." It concludes that
Bush's plan would force many Americans into "working" retirements.

The RNC's complaint: The 46% cut would apply to those who retire in the year
2075 or later, not current retirees. Also, in theory, Bush's plan to create
investment accounts would give retirees a chance to make up for any benefit
losses.

RNC officials promise more challenges. "This committee will not cede one inch to
any organization or group that tries to mislead Americans about the president's
record of achievement or his vision to preserve Social Security," spokesman
Danny Diaz said.

MoveOn says the RNC is attempting to intimidate broadcasters and Bush's critics.
"They are trying to stifle any speech that is critical of the president's
proposal," said Tom Matzzie, MoveOn's Washington director. "We assert our right
to have our speech heard."

The RNC's letter noted that the stations have a responsibility as holders of
Federal Communications Commission licenses "to avoid broadcasting deliberate
misrepresentations.  . . .  This letter places you on notice that the
information (in the ad) is false and misleading."

Officials at two stations found the wording to be mildly threatening. "There was
the sense of an underlying threat" to stations' licenses, said Kevin Sargent,
vice president and general manager at WSJV-TV in South Bend.

"There were some things in the tone that I didn't appreciate," said Jim Behling,
general manager at WNDU-TV, also in South Bend.

Diaz called the references to FCC licenses "standard, legal" language.

It was Behling who negotiated with MoveOn a slight change to the ad. Other
station managers decided to keep running the ad without any alteration. Behling
said that after getting the letter he and his staff took a closer look at the
ad. They concluded "it easily could be misinterpreted as saying that older
people now (not in 2075) could lose 46% of their benefits."

The ad already had been running for four days when Behling's station added the
phrase "impact would vary depending on age." The change appeared from Friday
evening through the end of MoveOn's "buy" on Monday.

MoveOn purchased a week's worth of air time in three congressional districts --
in Florida, Indiana and Pennsylvania -- represented by lawmakers who have been
supportive of Bush's plan. It also bought local time on cable news networks in
New York City and Washington, D.C. It plans to run the ad again, spending a
total of $500,000.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, MoveOn. org; Controversial: Republicans say this TV ad
featuring elderly workers misrepresents President Bush's plan to overhaul
retirement benefits.

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              361 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 March 30, 1999

Higher Education letter: Fear-ridden we are not

BYLINE: CHRISTINA MAYO

SECTION: The Guardian Higher Education Page; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 77 words


I'd dispute the sensational statistics quoted by Eleanor Levenson. While doing
research as part of my business studies course, I found 70 per cent of the
students questioned were not unduly concerned about their safety, and 80 per
cent felt the university had done everything possible to safeguard its students.

The onslaught of negative reporting is damaging to the city and misrepresents
what it is really like.

Christina Mayo, Manchester.


LOAD-DATE: April 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              362 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 18, 1998, Tuesday, Final Edition

McIver Says No Payment For Silence

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D07

LENGTH: 234 words

DATELINE: IRVING, Tex., Aug. 17


In his first public comments since his neck was cut, Dallas Cowboys offensive
lineman Everett McIver denied having been paid -- or even asked -- to remain
silent about the injury and didn't say whether teammate Michael Irvin was
involved.

"I have not received any payments, from anyone, in return for my silence as has
been inaccurately alleged," McIver said in a statement released through the team
today. "I have not been asked to withhold any information or testimony or to
misrepresent any of the facts of the incident."

Meanwhile, the NFL said it had looked into the July 29 training camp injury and
determined that no league rules were violated.

"We have met with the individuals involved, reviewed the chain of events and,
based on this information, the commissioner has found no basis on which to take
any further action," spokesman Greg Aiello said.

The matter has been open to scrutiny since Coach Chan Gailey first described
McIver's injury as the result of "horseplay," then refused to provide details.

Since then, several reports, all citing anonymous sources, have said Irvin cut
McIver with a pair of scissors during a scuffle over a haircut.

Irvin, on probation for felony drug possession, could face up to 20 years in
prison if a judge determines he violated his probation. No legal action can be
taken without a complaint being filed, and that has not happened.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              363 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 16, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Don't Relax on Caffeine

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 167 words


To the Editor:

A Feb. 3 news article seriously misrepresents a report on the lack of caffeine's
effect on spontaneous abortion, intrauterine growth, birth weight and head
circumference of babies. No behavioral or cognitive measures were studied, and
the results do not show that caffeine intake during pregnancy is safe. Caffeine
is a potent drug with powerful effects on the central nervous system. Chronic
intrauterine exposure to caffeine may have long-lasting effects on the
development of neural systems that are vital to learning, memory, attention and
regulation of sleep.

The demonstration of no caffeine intake effects on head circumference tells us
nothing about the possible effects of prenatal caffeine exposure on important
structural and functional aspects of brain development. Absence of proof is not
proof of absence.
ROBERT P. FRIEDLAND, M.D.
Assoc. Prof., Neurology, Psychiatry and Radiology, Case Western
Reserve U. School of Medicine
Cleveland, Feb. 5, 1993

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              364 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 15, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

For the Poor, Trade Schools May Be Last Hope

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 284 words


To the Editor:

Elizabeth Imholz misrepresents the important role played in education by the
business, trade and technical schools in New York State and the country (letter,
May 30). Generalizing from a few of her experiences as a lawyer for South
Brooklyn Legal Services, she leaps to the conclusion that the amount of
government aid in Pell grants to the many poor and minority-group young people
who attend for-profit career schools is ''disturbing.''

The availability of government help is not disturbing to the millions of
Americans for whom career schools are the best chance for quality training and
good jobs. In New York State, more than 350 licensed career schools serve nearly
200,000 students each year. Nationally, thousands of schools teach everything
from word processing to underwater welding to some 1.2 million students. Relying
on studies we consider of dubious merit, Ms. Imholz implies that career schools
have a poor record of performance and a high proportion of dropouts. But the
best available data show that completion rates in for-profit career schools are
far superior to those for public vocational programs. Career schools are also
far more successful than public community colleges. Take away the ability of a
young person who has been badly served by public schools, but still needs
training, to attend a career school, and you may take away his or her only
chance for a decent job and a productive life.

Career schools in New York operate under strict state regulations. They are
responsible, professional, an indispensable part of our education system.

ELIZABETH JENKINS
President, New York State Association of Career Schools
  New York, June 29, 1987

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              365 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 14, 2011 Friday
                                  ML2 Edition

Forest preserve to cut trees:

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 498 words


Forest preserve to cut trees:

The Cook County Forest Preserve has announced plans to cut down about 9,000
diseased trees. County officials say all the targeted trees will be cut by
mid-January. The dying trees stand in picnic groves, along trails and near
parking lots, making pre-emptive action necessary so they won't fall and cause
injuries. Petra Blix, a community activist who lives on Chicago's northwest side
near the Pucinski Forest Preserve, says the action will destroy healthy trees
and turn picnic areas into uncomfortable, desert-like islands. Forest Preserve
Superintendent Arnold Randall says only infested and dying trees will be
removed. The forest preserve is spending about $950,000 to remove 7,724 trees
invested with emerald ash borer with another 1,238 trees being mostly elms with
Dutch elm disease. Randal says the trees will be replaced.

Lawsuit over accusations:

Will County officials say a lawsuit filed today "misrepresents" the
investigation into a rural shooting spree in Illinois and Indiana last year.
Lynwood patrol officer Brian Dorian filed the federal lawsuit Thursday, accusing
the Will County sheriff, the state's attorney and a sheriff's detective of
conspiring against him even though they knew he wasn't the gunman. Police later
identified another man as the shooter. The October 2010 shootings left one
person dead and two others injured. Dorian is asking for more than $2 million.
Will County officials say the investigation into the shootings was "conducted
according to the letter of the law."

State EPA wants action:

The Illinois Environmental Protection Agency wants the state to require a rail
company to clean up after last week's derailment of freight cars filled with
ethanol. The EPA said Thursday that it's asked the attorney general's office to
take enforcement action against Iowa Interstate Railroad. Tanker cars operated
by the railroad derailed early Friday outside the small northern Illinois
community of Tiskilwa. The train was shipping ethanol and other materials for
Decatur-based corn processor Archer Daniels Midland Co. The derailment touched
off a fire that burned at least six tanker cars and led to the temporary
evacuation of all 800 residents of Tiskilwa. The EPA wants the rail company to
pay for environmental cleanup and ongoing testing of the soil, groundwater and
surface water in the area.

Man charged in murder:

First-degree murder charges have been filed against a Chicago man in the
stabbing death of a Wisconsin woman whose body was found in a luxury hotel. In
addition to the murder charge, 23-year-old Christopher Love was accused Thursday
of soliciting for a prostitute in connection with the slaying of Sarai Michaels.
Michaels, of La Crosse, was found dead early Tuesday in the Hotel Felix. The
31-year-old woman suffered several wounds to her chest and the back of her neck.
A bloody knife was found next to the body, according to authorities. Authorities
say Love is to appear today in Cook County Bond Court.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              366 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 4, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Selling Western Water

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 165 words


To the Editor:

Your June 17 editorial on Western water marketing misrepresents the Department
of the Interior position on water transfers within California or any other
Western state.

Last August, to questions about a proposed agreement between the Imperial
Irrigation and Metropolitan Water districts, I told Representative Vic Fazio
that the department could see no legal impediments to the plan. The senior
attorney for the Environmental Defense Fund praised the department for removing
''any potential federally inspired roadblock'' to it.

In 1930, Secretary of the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur set forth a departmental
policy that ''the division of California's share of Colorado River water among
various California interests is a matter which the state, and not the Department
of the Interior, should work out and recommend to the department.'' That policy
is still in force. ROBERT N. BROADBENT Assistant Secretary of the Interior for
Water and Science Washington, June 18, 1985

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              367 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 17, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Pearl Harbor

SECTION: Section 7; Page 31, Column 2; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 486 words


To the Editor:$

{rof.} Gaddis Smith's single-paragraph review of my book, ''The Pacific War''
(Nov. 29), was indeed ''nonsense'' because it misrepresents what I wrote, not
only in the last section of the book but at appropriate points throughout its
nearly 800 pages. Nor did I merely ''riffle through'' over 200,000 intercepts of
Japanese military and diplomatic communications, in addition to studying the
relevant American and British state papers.

However extensive any interviewing, Professor Smith surely appreciates that the
faintest ink is a more reliable historical source than the strongest memory. Yet
in his lengthy review of the work by the late Gordon W. Prange, Professor Smith
fails to point out that the author died before the release of the key
documentation that provides new insights into the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Examination of the recently declassified United States intelligence records now
available in the National Archives shows:

- That in the last half of 1941 the United States was engaged in a volatile
mixture of diplomacy with economic pressure on Japan to buy time to establish an
Anglo-American deterrent in the Far East.

- That on Nov. 26 a clear warning was received of the Japanese intent to strike
first and that this prompted President Roosevelt to abandon the attempt to reach
a modus vivendi.

- That in the countdown to war, Washington's attention was focused on rushing
the buildup of the strategic bombing force in the Philippines for an offensive
that had been the main argument that the U.S. Army and Gen. Douglas MacArthur
had used to reverse 20 years of American Pacific strategy. Such was the
certainty of Japan's impending assault on the Philippines and Malaya that the
President and his military commanders were therefore caught looking the wrong
way when Japan struck Hawaii.

This new archival material, cited and presented for the first time in ''The
Pacific War,'' reveals more, much more: - That a 1940 leak from the British War
Cabinet to Germany (probably via Moscow) accelerated Japan along the road to
war.  - That Japan mounted a massive campaign of subversion in 1941 that
included the manipulation of Charles Lindbergh, the U.S. Postmaster General,
labor leaders and other prominent Americans.  - That Roosevelt brought the
United States in the summer of 1941 into a secret alliance with Great Britain
which was built around the ill-fated Philippine strategic bombing force.

I can only hope that readers of The Book Review will not be discouraged by
Professor Smith and will read ''The Pacific War'' to learn of the significance
of the new archival evidence which he completely ignored.  JOHN E. COSTELLO New
York City

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              368 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 23, 2006 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Hard reality ;
New economy changes job mix

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 492 words


LOSERS IN the 2001 election to enact a right-to-work law continue to
misrepresent the law's impact. Because the people approved right to work, they
say, the state has lost jobs provided by Phillips Petroleum, General Motors,
Dayton Tire, Kerr-McGee and others.

As arguments go, this one borders on the idiotic. GM closed its Oklahoma City
assembly plant at the first of the year and Dayton is closing its local plant at
the end of the year. These are heavily unionized factories making products that
had lost their market. Right to work had nothing to do with it.

Jobs lost when Phillips moved from Bartlesville to Houston after a merger were
white-collar office jobs, not the blue-collar industrial jobs most affected by
right to work. The same is true of Kerr-McGee, which is moving its headquarters
from Oklahoma City to Houston upon completion of a merger.

Since the early 1990s, Oklahoma has been replacing some blue-collar industrial
jobs with blue-collar distribution center jobs. This is a hard reality of a new
economy as labor costs have prompted manufacturers to shift production out of
the country.

For a peek at this new economic reality, look to southern Oklahoma. Ardmore has
attracted distribution centers for Dollar General, Circuit City and Best Buy --
all of which opened before the right-to-work vote.

Nearby Marietta has a similar but newer facility run by Dollar Tree, whose
management specifically cited the right-to-work law in its decision to locate in
Love County. It could just as easily have been built in north Texas, taking
advantage of the same interstate highway and railroad serving Ardmore. In the
absence of right to work, Dollar Tree might have done just that.

We're not arguing that distribution center jobs created in southern Oklahoma are
on par with those at General Motors or Dayton. Unfortunately, those factories
were aging and carried extremely high labor costs in relation to the market for
the goods they were producing.

American manufacturing is on the decline because labor costs here make it more
attractive to make products in other countries, but distribution of durable
goods such as those sold by Circuit City and Best Buy can't be done from a
distance.

The United States has been losing manufacturing jobs at a steady clip. This is
true of states with right-to-work laws and states with closed shops. Between
1990 and 2004, the number of U.S. factory jobs fell by 19 percent, but Oklahoma
did much better, losing 9.5 percent of its industrial jobs.

We won't make the claim this job loss would have been greater had Oklahoma
embraced right to work in 1964, the last time the people voted on the issue
until 2001. But to say recent job losses are connected to right to work is
ludicrous.

Oklahoma attracts job creators because of its location, tribal lands, incentive
programs and work ethic. Our right-to-work law is part of the mix we need to
compete for jobs that match 21st century economic realities.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 16, 2006 Thursday

FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE: PUTIN FLIRTS WITH HAMAS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 384 words


The Post editorial "Putin Toys With Terror" (Feb. 13) distorts and misrepresents
the French position on Hamas.

France has consistently stated, together with the European Union and the Middle
East Quartet, that any solution requires the recognition of Israel, the
renunciation of violence and the acceptance of the agreements signed between the
PLO and Israel, particularly the Oslo Accords.

With regard to the fight against terrorism, France and the United States are
each other's best ally; for example, French and American special forces are
fighting together in the mountains of Afghanistan to track down bin Laden and
his al Qaeda supporters.

Francois Delattre

French Consul General

Manhattan

Although this thought may be too Byzantine, it may be that Russian President
Vladimir Putin is just the one to establish some dialogue with Hamas; certainly
no one else can do so without losing face. Consider the possibility if both the
United States and Israel were privy to Putin's overture and approved it.

How else could we deal with the reality of Hamas representing the Palestinians?

W. Shilson

Mystic, Conn.

Something is up with the Russians, and I'm becoming uncomfortable.

First they run interference for the Iranian nuclear effort, as if having a
nuclear-armed, crazy state on their southern doorstep makes sense. Then they
invite Hamas over for some top-shelf vodka.

Their recent announcement of a new, offensive ballistic missile is also
worrisome.

The Cold War ended more than 15 years ago, but I'm still a bit chilly.

Paul Bloustein

Cincinnati, Ohio

President Bush declared that Putin was a man he could trust.

Despite the fact that Hamas terrorists have brutally targeted and killed
hundreds of innocent Israeli women and children, have vowed to destroy Israel,
are classified by the United States, the European Union and others as a
terrorist organization, Putin invited Hamas leaders to Moscow for talks.

Putin continues to defend Russia's sale of nuclear technology to Iran and the
sale of anti-aircraft missiles to Syria.

Based on Russia's actions, it is exceedingly clear that Putin is not a sincere
partner in the war against terrorism.

Bush should remove his rose-colored glasses when judging the character of
dubious world leaders.

Raymond Dubin

Farmington Hills, Mich.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vladimir Putin

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 1, 2001, Saturday

SAD DAY FOR FANS & PLAYERS

BYLINE: By MAKI BECKER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 390 words

With officials from the Dominican Republic confirming Little League's nastiest
rumor - that Danny Almonte is 14 and too old to play - baseball fans and
ballplayers expressed sadness yesterday.

"I'm disappointed that adults would fudge the boy's age," said President Bush,
who played on a Little League team as a boy in Midland, Tex., and attended the
World Series game last weekend.

Of Danny, Bush said, "I wasn't disappointed in his fastball and his slider. . .
. But I was sorely disappointed that people felt like they could send in a false
age, particularly when it comes to Little League baseball."

Mayor Giuliani, who handed Danny and his teammates keys to the city Tuesday,
said the decision to misrepresent the boy's age "hurts all the dedicated young
boys who played their hearts out throughout the season, and postseason play."

Giuliani said the city has no intention of asking that the keys be returned: "It
would only add to the hurt and pain that the innocent children of this team are
already experiencing."

Joe Torre, who manages the full-size Bombers in the Bronx, said he was "really
sad. The kid looks like a great athlete, and then you hear this and you know
there's some adult behind this. I think it's really disappointing, and it sends
the wrong message."

Boston Red Sox ace Pedro Martinez, who is Dominican, praised his country's
government for considering prosecuting Danny's father over the false documents.

"That's what they should do," Martinez said. "It's unbelievable what this guy
has done to Little League."

Red Sox pitcher David Cone expressed sympathy for Danny. "You have to feel for
that poor kid," Cone said. "Look at the kind of attention that he's getting
about this. What's happening isn't even his doing."

The announcements by officials from the Dominican Republic and Little League
Baseball prompted Universal Studios in Orlando to cancel a week-long free trip
for the team, which had been scheduled to begin Tuesday.

"We're obviously dealing with an unforeseen and unfortunate situation," read a
statement released yesterday from the theme park. "We had good intentions and
certainly wish this hadn't happened. We wanted to recognize what these kids had
accomplished. In light of the Little League's decision to disqualify all the
team's games, that is now obviously inappropriate."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MICHAEL SCHWARTZ AGGRIEVED Angelyn Nunez, mother of Bronx Baby Bomber
Kenny Aspinal, waves passport while shouting, "He's American!"

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                              371 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                            August 28, 2001 Tuesday

Questions surround At Home's woes

BYLINE: by David Shabelman

SECTION: CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING

LENGTH: 1105 words

HIGHLIGHT: The high-speed Internet access provider may have knowingly
misrepresented its financial situation when it got funding from Promethean
Investment.


SAN FRANCISCO - Did At Home Corp. knowingly misrepresent its financial situation
when it got funding from Promethean Investment Group llc, or did the provider of
high-speed Internet access not grasp the severity of its money woes at the time
it secured the loan?

That is the crux of the matter as Promethean seeks early repayment of $50
million in loans provided by two investment funds the New York lender manages.

A source said Aug. 27 that the issue relates to At Home's "portrayal" of its
financial condition at the time it secured the funding. At Home officials
dispute that the company has breached any agreements with Promethean and contend
the loan call lacks merit.

According to a Silicon Valley attorney specializing in technology deals, who
asked not to be identified, it will be difficult for Promethean to prove At
Home, which does business as Excite@Home, knowingly made false statements when
it secured the funding.

"It's a very fact-intensive inquiry," he said.

"You have to understand what the company knew and what the contract said about
it. If that's the kind of breach they're claiming, they have to prove that at
the time At Home made the statements that they knew them to be false or had no
basis for making them."

At issue for Promethean is At Home's June filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission disclosing the financing arrangement.

"No event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is
contemplated to occur, with respect to the company operations or financial
condition that would be required to be disclosed ... which has not been publicly
disclosed," At Home stated.

A separate clause also indicates that "There has been no change or development
that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect"
on the company.

At Home said April 17 it would need to raise $75 million to $80 million to
finance operations through the end of the year. The company secured $100 million
in financing June 8 from Promethean and New York-based Angelo, Gordon & Co. LP,
and June 19 received another $85 million through restructuring of a contract it
had with AT&T Corp. At that time, the company said the funding would exceed its
cash requirements for the year.

But when it released second-quarter earnings July 23, At Home officials said
that even with the $185 million it would need to raise additional funds before
the end of 2001 to support its operations.

An At Home spokeswoman said Tuesday that "the company has been straightforward
about its funding needs, but determined it needed more cash because the online
advertising market has deteriorated even faster than expected."

In the second quarter, At Home's media businesses, which include the Excite Web
portal and Blue Mountain online greeting card service, totaled $28.6 million in
revenues.

That was down from $45.1 million in the first quarter and $79.3 million in the
fourth quarter of 2000.

Drake Johnstone, a telecommunications industry analyst with Richmond, Va.-based
Davenport & Co., said it is possible At Home was not aware of its precarious
condition when it lined up the funding with Promethean.

"The fact that they raised $100 million from Promethean and $85 million from
AT&T and a month-and-a-half later said they needed more money to fund operations
clearly indicates they didn't have a handle on their business," Johnstone said.

Johnstone said Promethean also may be trying to seek early repayment because it
expects At Home to file for bankruptcy and is trying to make "a pre-emptive
strike" in advance of a filing.

The early repayment issue could become moot should the Nasdaq drop At Home's
stock from the exchange, Johnstone added. If the stock is delisted, At Home is
required to accelerate repayment of the loan, he noted.

High-speed free fall
Two noteholders demand repayment asserting that Excite@Home
was in breach of the terms of their lending agreement.
Excite's stock value dropped on news that the high-speed
Internet provider may need to come up with $50 million
fast.
Company      Excite@Home Corp.
CEO          Patti Hart
Headquarters Redwood City, Calif.
Date         Action
10/25/99     With its $780 million acquisition of online
             greeting card company Blue Mountain.com,
             Excite@Home hopes to put to rest persistent
             rumors it is shopping its Excite unit
10/27/99     GTE files suit in federal district court in
             Pittsburgh alleging the combination of
             Excite@Home, Comcast and AT&T is too powerful
3/29/00      In a complex deal designed to clarify
             Excite@Home's governance, ownership and
             distribution structures, AT&T will increase its
             control of the broadband-access provider at the
             expense of two regional cable companies
5/11/00      Excite@Home outlines the complex series of moves
             that will codify AT&T's controlling position in
             it
6/14/00      Excite@Home has stumbled through the same woes
             befalling its old-line media counterparts:
             regulatory hurdles, a hazy management structure,
             deflated valuations and the exodus of key
             executives
6/21/00      Cablevision Systems files suit against AT&T and
             three other companies in a last-ditch attempt to
             keep AT&T from increasing its control over
             Excite@Home
7/18/00      Excite@Home is primed to mix its international
             assets with Netherlands-based Internet service
             provider Chello Broadband NV
1/08/01      Excite@Home ends its agreement to acquire
             Internet game service Pogo.com, a deal valued at
             between $125 million and $150 million
3/21/01      Pogo.com seeks damages of $100 million from
             Excite@Home over their failed merger
4/23/01      Patti Hart begins tenure as new Excite@Home CEO
5/04/01      Excite@Home CEO may sell or shut down the portal
6/06/01      Excite@Home announces it is closing its
             operations in France, Germany and Spain along
             with seven other smaller European Web sites
6/19/01      Excite@Home holds conference call to explain
             recent corporate developments. Says it probably
             won't sell the Excite portal and secures $85
             million from AT&T.
6/20/01      Excite@Home attempts to quiet rumors that the
             company was aiming to sell off its media assets,
             including its Web portal
7/23/01      Excite@Home reports second quarter earnings, says
             it's in a cash crunch
8/20/01      Ernst & Young question Excite@Home's ability to
             continue as a going concern
8/22/01      Excite@Home dismisses Ernst & Young as auditor
8/24/01      Excite receives early repayment demand from
             creditors
                                               Source: The Deal

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Corporate Restructuring

                         Copyright 2001 The Deal L.L.C.


                              372 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                             April 9, 1985, Tuesday

SECTION: Section 1; Page 31, Column 1

LENGTH: 32 words


Repr Charles E Schumer letter charges Wall Street Journal misrepresents Home
State Savings Bank failure in Ohio as isolated case of fraud; reiterates own
view linking failure to deregulation

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

TYPE: LETTER

              Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              373 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                  September 15, 1988, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Monsanto confident despite lawsuits

BYLINE: United Press International

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: St. Louis,MO


  Monsanto Co., in the wake of stock drops totaling 14% over two days because of
lawsuits over a subsidiary's product, said yesterday it is confident it will
prevail in suits against it.

A jury in St. Paul, Minn. on Friday awarded US$8.75 million in damages to Esther
Kociemba in her suit against Monsanto subsidiary G. D. Searle & Co. Kociembia
had alleged that her use of the Copper-7 intrauterine birth control device
produced by Searle made her sterile.

However, analysts saw as more damaging another ruling by U.S. District Judge
Robert Renner on another Copper-7 case in Minneapolis. In that case, Julie Daher
is trying to sue both Monsanto and Searle, alleging that the two companies
conspired to misrepresent the safety of the intrauterine device.

Renner said in a procedural ruling that Monsanto could be subject to the court's
jurisdiction in the Daher case.

''The ruling in the Daher case has very limited, procedural scope,'' said
Richard Duesenberg, Monsanto general counsel. ''It simply says that, under the
narrow circumstances of the Daher complaint, Monsanto can be subject to
Minnesota court jurisdiction.

''We disagree. Monsanto has been dismissed in 25 previous cases in which it was
named, but if necessary, we will prove in court that there is no merit to any of
the allegations asserted by Daher.''

Duesenberg said Monsanto is confident it will prevail in all attempts to bring
Copper 7 suits against it.

Searle has won 15 of 18 Copper 7 suits that have gone to the jury, and has
successfully managed the dismissal or withdrawal of an additional 320 suits, the
company said. It also said Searle has the reserves and the insurance to handle
litigation over the birth-control device and that there is no potential
financial impact on Monsanto as a corporation.

Monsanto stock dropped US$7.125 on Monday and lost another US$4 Tuesday to close
at US$74.625 in very heavy trading.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              374 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 29, 1998 Sunday

LEAGUE SHOULD FIGHT RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION, NOT TV SHOWS OR JEANS COMPANY

BYLINE: Clark Morphew, Staff Columnist

SECTION: EXPRESS; Pg. 3G

LENGTH: 803 words


The Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights sent out a press release
protesting a clothing manufacturer's plan to display a Christmas tree in a New
York City park and decorate it with condoms.

The Catholic League says the condom tree is part of San Francisco-based Levi
Strauss' funding of programs that advocate promiscuity among homosexuals. The
press release apparently worked, because the tree, part of the company's events
to recognize World AIDS Day, is being scrapped, according to Levi Strauss.

The jeans company has been involved with AIDS prevention since 1982 and has
spent $20 million on programs to prevent the disease, he said.

World AIDS Day is Dec. 21, and Greibey said Levi Strauss will sponsor forums in
several cities around the world, including New York City. Those forums are
intended to educate young people about the danger of AIDS.

"The message will be, if they elect to be sexually active, they risk contracting
the AIDS virus," he said.

Levi Strauss will donate $1 for every person who attends the New York forum. The
money will go to Life Beat, a nonprofit organization that works to prevent AIDS.

You might wonder what right the Catholic League has to misrepresent Levi Strauss
in such a way, to lie about a company that is trying to do something decent
about an epidemic threatening every person on the globe? Is it plain ignorance,
or is something more sinister involved?

The Catholic League is the same organization that brought down "Nothing Sacred,"
a television show about a modern priest. Most critics felt the show, starring
Kevin Anderson, was a well-done drama. It's true the priest character was a bit
progressive, but the Catholic League attacked the program as if it were the most
evil and heretical show ever seen on television.

The Catholic League persuaded sponsors to pull their advertising from the show,
and the network pulled the plug. What a tragedy, because the show told the story
of progressive religion, the kind of faith that makes us feel obligated to feed
and shelter the poor and accept people with all their warts.

When will another network ever take a risk on a progressive religion show? It'll
be a cold day in Satan's lair.

The Catholic League's president, William Donohue, says he will call a boycott of
Levi Strauss if the "condom tree" goes up.

"This proves that they are more than just bigots. They are plain stupid: to do
this at a time of the year when sales are critical is irrational," Donohue
writes in his release.

The same day the Catholic League's press release arrived, I also received a long
letter from D. James Kennedy, a television preacher in Coral Ridge, Fla.,
attacking CBS television for running Howard Stern's program late Saturday
nights. Kennedy asks his viewers to sign a letter demanding that CBS pull Stern
off the air.

Because Stern is abrasive, filthy and obsessed with sex, I wouldn't watch or
listen to his program even if he were the only show in town. Stern says his show
will feature strippers and strange folks from all walks of life, so it might
appeal to some. But I bet a lot of other decent people won't watch.

Even though I don't like Stern's show, I'm not about to tell others not to watch
it. There's a thin line between censorship and freedom of speech, and the wrong
side of that line is tyranny. When fundamentalist preachers dictate what we
watch on television, we have all been attacked.

"Nothing Sacred" aired no objectionable material. It was about a priest who
sometimes bent the rules. But the Catholic League, blinded by a moral fog,
decided the show would be a target of their hate campaign.

Kennedy says CBS has "made a bad call ... and has possibly begun a pattern of
bad calls."

He's taking a stand, saying, in effect, "If we let this one in, many more will
follow." But that's not necessarily true. If Stern is successful, more shows
like his might follow. But other networks may respond by offering more
programming that appeals to decent people.

Letting fundamentalist preachers decide what is going to be allowed into your
family room is like trashing one of our most treasured freedoms, the freedom of
speech.

Freedom of religion is also important, but its supporters can't lie or
misrepresent the facts. If they do, their reputations are ruined.

I'm not saying we shouldn't complain when our faith is attacked. But action's
like the Catholic League's have to be contained. Boycotts that we should support
are those that help religious groups who are attacked repeatedly for their
faith.

Those kinds of fights - not against jeans companies and television shows - would
keep the Catholic League plenty busy for a good long time.

Clark Morphew, who covers religion news, can be reached at
cmorphew@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5586.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 16, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

S.E.C. Files Complaint

BYLINE: By Bloomberg Business News

SECTION: Section D; Page 20; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 230 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 15


The former chairman of the Boston Company has been accused by the Securities and
Exchange Commission of helping to misrepresent the firm's earnings.

The S.E.C. contended in an administrative complaint that George W. Phillips
helped to overstate the Boston Company's pretax profits during 1988. Mr.
Phillips was the firm's chairman and chief executive as well as vice chairman
and director of its then-parent company, Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.,

The S.E.C. said the Boston Company's pretax profits were overstated by about $44
million, causing Shearson to overstate its net income by $30 million in
quarterly documents filed with the S.E.C.

According to the S.E.C. complaint, the scheme involved the company booking
prepaid expenses as deferred expenses, which had the effect of raising reported
profits.

The S.E.C. is seeking a hearing before an administrative law judge to determine
if the allegations made against Mr. Phillips are correct. If the commission's
position is upheld, the severest penalty would be a "cease and desist" order
barring him from further violations.

Mr. Phillips could not be reached for comment and his lawyer in Boston, Jim
Dittmar, did not return telephone calls.

The Boston Company's former president, James von Germeten, was ordered in a
S.E.C. decision in February to "cease and desist" from the same reported
activity.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              376 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             April 22, 1988, Friday

INSURANCE BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 468 words


Judge's Ruling Lets

Tobacco Trial Continue

NEWARK, N.J. - A judge Thursday dismissed several charges in a major cigarette
liability case against three tobacco companies, but ruled the manufacturers
conspired to hide the dangers of smoking and allowed the trial to continue.

U.S. District Judge H. Lee Sarokin dismissed a claim that the companies -
Liggett Group Inc., Philip Morris Inc. and Lorillard Inc. - caused Rose
Cipollone's lung cancer by not marketing a safer cigarette.

Attorneys for Mrs. Cipollone argued that the companies knew they could develop a
safer cigarette that had less potential of causing cancer. Mrs. Cipollone, 64,
of Lakehurst, died in 1984 after 40 years of smoking.

But the judge said the attorneys for Mrs. Cipollone's estate, which is carrying
on the lawsuit filed before she died, had not presented evidence to support that
claim.

Nevertheless, Judge Sarokin said the jury trial will continue over whether the
three manufacturers conspired to misrepresent and conceal facts regarding the
dangers of smoking. He also said Mrs. Cipollone's estate could continue seeking
punitive damages.

Batus, Farmers, Calif.

Shift Meeting Schedule

LOUISVILLE, Ky. - Batus Inc. said Thursday that, at the suggestion of a
California court, it has agreed with Farmers Group Inc. and the California
Department of Insurance to reschedule hearings before the department to May 23.

The agreement also calls for the insurance commissioner to make a determination
on Batus' request for approval of its proposed acquisition of Farmers within two
weeks after the hearing concludes.

The Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, noting a conflict with
hearings before other state insurance commissions, asked representatives of
Batus, Farmers and the department to attempt to reach agreement.

We are pleased that the agreement assures a determination, which we expect to be
favorable to Batus, early in June, a spokesman said.

He added that the parties will proceed with hearings in Arizona on May 2 and in
Oregon on May 9.

Prudential to Cease

Medicare Processing

NEWARK, N.J. - The Prudential Insurance Co. announced Wednesday it would
terminate its services as a federal contractor paying Medicare claims in
Georgia, New Jersey and North Carolina at the end of this year.

Since it began processing Medicare claims in Georgia in April 1970, The
Prudential has done so on a non-profit basis.

We want to concentrate our business resources in activities which support the
company's current strategies, including the ability to earn an adequate return
on our investment, Robert C. Winters, chairman and chief executive officer,
said. If a business does not meet both of these criteria, we think we should get
out of it. Such is the case with Medicare.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: INSURANCE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              377 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 29, 1987, Thursday, Final Edition

Dole Offers Airlines Deal To Reduce Flight Delays

BYLINE: Laura Parker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE E1

LENGTH: 486 words


Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Hanford Dole yesterday offered to grant
antitrust immunity to the nation's airlines to allow them to work together on
their schedules to reduce mounting delays at 13 airports.

Statistics released yesterday by the Transportation Department show that 1,144
flights every day were delayed by more than 15 minutes last year. Most of the
delays occurred at the country's 10 busiest airports.

"Delays of this magnitude are costly to travelers and cause considerable
inconvenience," DOT said yesterday in proposing to grant discussion authority to
the airlines.

Additionally, Dole has begun an investigation to determine if the airlines
"routinely misrepresent their schedules to consumers" by offering flights that
have little hope of operating on time.

The investigation will begin at Hartsfield Airport in Atlanta, the
second-busiest airport in the country, and likely will move to Dallas-Fort
Worth, Newark and Boston's Logan Airport.

In a statement yesterday, Dole observed that many delays are caused by bad
weather, but "there is increasing evidence that at many busy airports, airlines
are scheduling more operaions at peak hours than the airports can handle even in
good weather."

Dole said the scheduling discussions between airlines are aimed at resolving
potential delays before the heavy summer travel season begins.

The order would limit the scope of the discussions to ensure that competition
would not be reduced. The carriers are and would continue to be prohibited from
discussing fares and other pricing matters, the order said.

DOT has requested airlines to file objections to the order within 15 days.

The discussions will revolve around delays at the following airports: Atlanta,
Boston, Chicago, Denver, Minneapolis-St. Paul, New York's La Guardia and John F.
Kennedy, St. Louis, San Francisco, Dallas-Fort Worth, Philadelphia and
Washington Dulles.

DOT noted that Atlanta, for example, can handle 124 arrivals and departures per
hour, or 31 flights in each 15-minute period. But between 8:30 a.m. and 8:45
a.m., 58 departures and arrivals are scheduled. Between 4 p.m. and 4:15 p.m., 73
departures and arrivals are scheduled.

DOT expects the airlines to be reluctant to readjust their schedules, with some
refusing to give up prime departure and arrival times to competitors. Carriers
yesterday were cautious in their response.

"We will cooperate fully with the DOT to solve the delay problem," said Al
Becker, an American Airlines spokesman. But he added that American doesn't think
the delay problem is "exclusively an airline problem."

"One thing that needs to be taken into consideration is the decision on the part
of the nation to deregulate the airline industry," he said. "We want to fly when
our passengers want to travel. We totally support airline dereglation and would
be vigorously opposed to any move to reregulate the industry."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              378 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 26, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

TV AD INTENSIFIES KANSAS CITY RACE

BYLINE: By WILLIAM ROBBINS, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 321 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 25


What began as a tepid mayoral contest, with both candidates agreeing to avoid
negative campaigns, has heated up in recent days after one candidate fielded an
advertisement that the other says deliberately misrepresents his views.

Both candidates in Tuesday's election, Bob Lewellen and the Rev. Emanuel
Cleaver, are longtime colleagues on the City Council.

But any amiability between the two candidates ended about 10 days ago when Mr.
Lewellen began running television advertisements, including one saying that Mr.
Cleaver had proposed an increase in the city's tax on wages.

Mr. Cleaver has responded with his own advertisement, in which he says, "I'm
disappointed," and suggests that Mr. Lewellen has broken faith on their pact and
deliberately misrepresented his views. Mr. Cleaver says he was proposing a
review of the city's taxes, but not a specifi tax increase.

A poll published by The Kansas City Star on March 17 showed Mr. Cleaver leading
by a 2-to-1 margin. But the survey was taken before Mr. Lewellen's television
spots began running.

Result in Nonpartisan Primary

In the nonpartisan primary on Feb. 26, Mr. Cleaver, a black minister, and Mr.
Lewellen, a white businessman, topped a field of nine candidates.

Mr. Cleaver, who is Mayor pro tem, carried 24 of the city's 30 wards, and in a
city where blacks make up only 26 percent of the voting-age population, he
received 36.4 percent of all votes cast. Mr. Lewellen had about 17 percent of
the vote.

Mr. Cleaver has outdrawn his rival in fund raising and has attracted some
prominent supporters, including Donald J. Hall and Irvine O. Hockaday Jr.,
chairman and president respectively of Hallmark Cards Inc., one of the city's
major businesses.

But the opinion sample by The Kansas City Star showed 22 percent of the voters
still undecided, enough to produce a tight race if they should swing
overwhelmingly to Mr. Lewellen.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              379 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission; Crimson California
Pipeline, L.P., has submitted (A1603009) Response filed by Crimson California
Pipeline, L.P. on 10/05/2016 Conf# 102308

LENGTH: 5133  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Response):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 In the Matter of the Application of Crimson California

 Pipeline L.P. (PLC-26) for Authority to Increase Rates

 for Its Crude Oil Pipeline Services.



 Application 16-03-009

 (Filed March 11, 2016)

 RESPONSE OF CRIMSON CALIFORNIA PIPELINE, L.P.

 TO

 JOINT MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME

 CALDWELL BOUDREAUX LEFLER PLLC GOODIN, MACBRIDE, SQUERI, &

 Charles F. Caldwell DAY, LLP

 Deborah R. Repman James D. Squeri

 1800 West Loop South, Suite 1680 505 Sansome St., Suite 900

 Houston, TX 77027 San Francisco, CA 94111

 Telephone: (713) 357-6228 Telephone: (415) 392-7900

 Email: ccaldwell@cblpipelinelaw.com  Email: jsqueri@goodinmacbride.com

 Email: drepman@cblpipelinelaw.com

 Attorneys for Crimson California Pipeline, L.P.

 Dated: October 5, 2016

 FILED

 10-05-16

 04:59 PM

 1.

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 In the Matter of the Application of Crimson California

 Pipeline L.P. (PLC-26) for Authority to Increase Rates

 for Its Crude Oil Pipeline Services.

 Application 16-03-009

 (Filed March 11, 2016)

 RESPONSE OF CRIMSON CALIFORNIA PIPELINE, L.P.

 TO

 JOINT MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME

 Pursuant to Rule 11.2(e) of the Rules of Practice and Procedure of the
California Public

 Utilities Commission ( "Commission"), Crimson California Pipeline, L.P.
("Crimson") hereby

 responds to the Joint Motion for Extension of Time ("Motion") filed by Tesoro
Refining &

 Marketing Company LLC ("Tesoro"), Phillips 66 Company ("P66"), and Valero
Marketing and

 Supply Company ("Valero") (collectively "Movants") on September 26, 2016.1

 I. SUMMARY

 Movants' request that the Presiding Judge double the time afforded them to
prepare their

 intervenor testimony is premised on allegations that, despite Movants' efforts
to efficiently

 pursue discovery, Crimson was dilatory and abusive. The Movants' claims are
absurd and false,

 as Crimson will demonstrate below:

 1 Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC, Phillips 66 Company and Valero
Marketing and Supply

 Company, Joint Motion for Extension of Time, Case No. A.16-03-009 (Sept. 26,
2016).

 2.

  [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Movants claim that Tesoro has received only 28 complete
responses to 218 discovery

 requests, yet, the fact is that responses to 79 of Tesoro's requests were not
even due

 as of filing of the Motion and so cannot be considered outstanding.

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Movants have been slow to pursue discovery. For example,
Tesoro waited until

 September 21st - 35 days into its 60-day testimony preparation period, and only
two

 business days before filing the Motion - to propound its first request as to
Crimson's

 direct testimony.

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Although Movants attack Crimson's objections and responses to
discovery requests in

 the Motion, prior to submission of the Motion, Movants failed to follow the

 Commission's mandated meet-and-confer process, during which the disputed

 objections/responses could have been resolved, dropped, or brought before the

 Presiding Judge. Instead, Movants have been silent or simply re-submitted the
same

 requests.

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Contrary to Movants' claims, Crimson has produced extensive
data and information

 to Movants.

 II. RESPONSE

 In the Motion, Movants request a 60-day extension of the procedural schedule
adopted in

 this proceeding for the filing of intervenor testimony and rebuttal testimony,2
which Movants

 claim is necessary for two primary reasons: (1) Crimson's alleged delay in
responding to data

 2 Movants request that their testimony filing date be extended from October 16,
2016 to December 16,

 2016 and that Crimson's rebuttal testimony filing date be extended from
November 29, 2016 to January

 30, 2017.

 3.

 requests, and (2) Crimson's alleged inconsistent and evolving presentation of
its cost of service.3

 Movants' claims in this regard are misleading and misrepresent Crimson's
conduct during

 discovery and the presentation of its cost of service. In reality, any hardship
that Movants are

 facing with respect to the preparation of their testimony is largely of their
own making.

 A. The Motion misrepresents the facts regarding discovery.

 The Motion's claims regarding Crimson's conduct during the discovery phase of
this

 proceeding are inaccurate and incomplete.

 First, Movants claim that "Crimson has provided 28 complete responses to the
218

 questions and sub-questions that Tesoro has propounded."4 This claim is quite
misleading.

 Responses to 79 of the "218"5 data requests propounded by Tesoro were not even
due at the time

 the Motion was filed. They were propounded to Crimson on September 21st in
Tesoro's third

 set of data requests, responses to which are not even arguably due until
October 5th, seven

 business days after the Motion was filed. The "218" number is also likely
inflated because it

 fails to account for the fact that Crimson objected to several of Tesoro's data
requests on grounds

 that they were overly broad, irrelevant, etc., and Tesoro took no action to
attempt to resolve such

 objections with Crimson. For those data requests to which Crimson objected and
Tesoro said

 nothing, Crimson had no obligation to provide a response. Therefore, those data
requests cannot

 reasonably be considered "unanswered," though presumably they are included in
the "218"

 figure described in the Motion.

 3 See Motion at 1-2.

 4 Motion at 2.

 5 Crimson notes that, in its review of the questions and sub-questions included
in Tesoro's first, second

 and third sets of data requests, it has been unable to reproduce the 218 figure
presented in the Motion.

 4.

 Next, Movants' claim that they avoided duplicating discovery requests by having


 "cooperated" amongst themselves6 is factually incorrect. For example, in its
first set of data

 requests, P66 requested information concerning why Crimson witness Mr. Petersen
used a "70-

 R-3 Survivor Curve" in his asset value analysis.7 Crimson fully responded to
this request on

 September 16th. Notwithstanding this fact, Tesoro's third set of data requests,
submitted on

 September 21st, included a data request seeking the same information.8
Similarly, Valero and

 Tesoro have each submitted data requests seeking the same information
concerning whether

 leaks, shutdowns, or operational issues have impacted Crimson's throughput
level.9 These are

 just two examples of the several instances in which Crimson has received
duplicative data

 requests from Movants.

 In addition, Movants allege that Crimson has complicated discovery by
presenting

 "inconsistent base year and other data in three separate filings" (i.e.,
Crimson's application,

 amended application, and direct testimony) and that Crimson's direct testimony
is "effectively a

 complete replacement case requiring the intervenors to start over in their
analysis."10 This is

 false. Crimson has not changed its methodological positions with respect to the
nature of its

 6 Motion at 4.

 7 See First Set of Data Requests of Phillips 66 Company dated August 31, 2016,
Data Request PHILLIPS

 1-50(a) ("Please explain whether and why, in Mr. Petersen's belief and
understanding, it is appropriate to

 use the Iowa State University 70-R-3 Survivor Curve for the Crimson Oil
Pipeline asset value analysis.").

 8 See Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC Third Set of Data Requests, dated
September 21,

 2016, Data Request TRM 99(a) ("How did Mr. Peterson arrive at selecting a 70-R3
curve for his study?").

 9 Cf. Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC Third Set of Data Requests, dated
September 21, 2016,

 Data Request TRM 42 ("At page 3, lines 5 through 12, please state the effect of
any leaks or shutdowns

 on the level of throughput for 2015, and especially in the fourth quarter of
2015.") and Second Set of Data

 Requests of Valero Marketing and Supply Company, dated September 7, 2016, Data
Request VALERO

 2-3(a) ("Please identify any operational issues (e.g. ruptures or temporary
shutdowns) by system ... and by

 month that impacted Crimson's ability to transport volumes on the system.").

 10 Motion at 1-2.

 5.

 costs and the type of costs it is entitled to recover through its cost of
service. Rather, Crimson

 has consistently presented its cost-of-service data, as such data has been
updated to reflect

 audited data, as well as the most current unaudited data available. In its
direct testimony,

 Crimson described the updated cost data and provided detailed reconciliations
between certain

 cost data underlying its March 11, 2016 rate application and the cost data
underlying its August

 17, 2016 direct testimony.11 If Movants were truly concerned about these cost
updates, they

 could have easily submitted data requests shortly after Crimson submitted its
direct testimony to

 obtain more information. Yet, Movants instead chose to wait several weeks to a
month after

 Crimson's direct testimony was filed to submit any data requests. Further,
Movants cite to no

 precedent or rule that limits or binds a pipeline to the cost data included in
its initial rate

 application or forecloses updates to reflect more current data.

 Lastly, and most damning to Movants' assertion that they have been hobbled in
their case

 preparations due to unanswered data requests, the fact is that Crimson has
produced a significant

 amount of data to Movants in this proceeding, which Movants could use to
analyze Crimson's

 cost data and develop their testimony. To date, Crimson has produced more than
59.6 megabytes

 of information and data in this proceeding. For reference, Crimson has also
included in Exhibit

 A attached hereto a listing of the substantive data that Crimson has produced
to the Movants to

 date.12

 11 See Prepared Direct Testimony of Robert L. Waldron at 7-14, dated August 17,
2016.

 12 Crimson also notes that many of the "outstanding" data requests included in
Tesoro's third set of data

 requests seek information that has already been produced by Crimson or that is
directly answered in

 Crimson's direct testimony. One example of this is noted above, where Tesoro
sought information

 concerning the use of the "70-R-3 Survivor Curve" that Crimson had already
answered prior to receiving

 Tesoro's third set of data requests. Another example is Tesoro data request
TRM-57, which seeks

 information about the change between audited and unaudited costs that was
clearly provided on pages 8

 and 9 of Crimson witness Mr. Waldron's direct testimony.

 6.

 Accordingly, notwithstanding Movants' claims otherwise, Crimson has provided a

 significant amount of data to Movants in this proceeding and has complied with
the

 Commission's requirements in making good faith efforts to be responsive to the
numerous,

 duplicative, and often-onerous data requests it has received.

 B. Movants failed to take advantage of the extensive time afforded to them for

 submitting discovery.

 The following timeline of Movants' discovery requests following Crimson's
application,

 amended application, and testimony places in context Movants' erroneous
assertion that Crimson

 is at fault for Movants' purported inability to timely develop their intervenor
testimony:

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ March 11, 2016 - Application for Authority to Increase Rates

 o 27 days later (April 7, 2015) Tesoro submits First Set of Data Requests

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ June 15, 2016 - Amendment to Application; Requests Interim
Rate Relief

 o 48 days later (August 2, 2016) Valero submits First Set of Data Requests

 o 61 days later (August 15, 2016) Tesoro submits Second Set of Data Requests

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ August 17, 2016 - Crimson Prepared Direct Testimony

 o 14 days later (August 31, 2016) P66 submits First Set of Data Requests

 o 16 days later (Sept. 2, 2016) P66 submits Second Set of Data Requests

 o 21 days later (Sept. 7, 2016) Valero submits Second Set of Data Requests

 o 35 days later (Sept. 21, 2016) Tesoro submits Third Set of Data Requests

 As this timeline shows, there was ample time after Crimson submitted its
initial application,

 amended application, and direct testimony for Movants to submit data requests
and engage in the

 "meet and confer" process with Crimson, if needed, to obtain discovery and
prepare their case in

 chief. Yet, Movants failed to do so and instead allowed significant time to
elapse without acting.

 7.

 Indeed, P66 did not submit a single data request until four and a half months
after

 Crimson's initial application and 14 days after Crimson filed its direct
testimony, and Valero did

 not submit a single data request until more than four months after Crimson
filed its application

 and almost two months after Crimson filed its amended application. In addition,
all three

 Movants waited weeks (and Tesoro waited over a month) to submit their initial
data requests in

 response to Crimson's direct testimony. Accordingly, any hardship that the
Movants are now

 experiencing is largely of their own doing and a direct result of their
inaction.

 C. In addition to Movants' delayed data requests, Movants failed to comply with
the

 Commission's established rules for discovery.

 A significant portion of the Motion is focused on Movants' concern that Crimson
has

 objected to a number of their data requests and that a number of Crimson's
responses are

 incomplete. As a result, Movants claim they have been "forced" to submit
multiple discovery

 requests, often seeking the same or follow-up information from prior requests.
Movants' claim

 is a candid admission that they have ignored the Commission's well-established
process for

 resolving such disputes.

 As an initial matter, Crimson notes that it did not object lightly. Crimson has
received

 numerous data requests that it believes to be unduly burdensome, overly broad,
or unlikely to

 lead to the development of relevant evidence. For example, P66 sought cost data
for a release on

 Plains Pipeline in Refugio, California, despite the fact that the release event
was unrelated to

 Crimson and that Plains Pipeline is not affiliated with Crimson.13

 13 See First Set of Data Requests of Philips 66 Company, dated August 31, 2016,
Data Request 1-53(a)

 and (b) ("(a) Please explain the circumstances of the Plains [Refugio] release.
(b) Please quantify all costs

 associated with the release and the clean-up of the release.").

 8.

 If Movants felt Crimson's objections were unreasonable or its responses were

 incomplete, their recourse under Rule 11.3(a) of the Commission's Rules of
Practice and

 Procedure was and is to bring such concerns to Crimson through the "meet and
confer"

 process.14 If the meet and confer were unsuccessful, Movants could then have
presented the

 matter to the Presiding Judge. Indeed, under Rule 11.3(a), the "meet and
confer" process is

 required before a proponent of discovery can file a motion to compel. Movants
have largely

 ignored the Commission's rules.

 Prior to the filing of the Motion, not once had Movants reached out to Crimson
following

 the submission of its objections and responses to (1) attempt to resolve the
objection or (2) raise

 their concerns that Crimson's responses are incomplete. Instead, Movants opted
to simply resend

 repetitive data requests to which it believes Crimson has not fully responded
or Crimson

 has improperly objected, often months after the initial objection/response was
provided. It was

 only after the Motion was filed that Movants, apparently recognizing their
failure to comply with

 the Commission's rules, have attempted to comply with the mandated meet and
confer process.

 In particular, on September 30th, four days after the Motion was filed, P66
submitted a request to

 "meet and confer" regarding certain of Crimson's objections/responses to P66's
data requests;

 similarly, on October 3rd, seven days after the Motion was filed, Tesoro
submitted a request to

 "meet and confer" with Crimson regarding certain of Crimson's
objections/responses to Tesoro's

 data requests. Notably, these first meet and confer requests were also sent to
Crimson mere

 weeks before Movants' intervenor testimony deadline.

 14 Indeed, the Scoping Memorandum issued in this proceeding specifically
directed the parties to adhere

 to the discovery rules under Article 10 of the Commission's rules, citing
directly to the use of motions to

 compel under Rule 11.3.

 9.

 Movants' approach to discovery is not only contrary to the Commission's rules,
but is

 also highly counter-productive. By failing to utilize the mandatory meet and
confer process until

 just this past week, Movants have wasted the ample time afforded to them for
discovery under

 the procedural schedule. If Movants had promptly conferred with Crimson
regarding any

 instances where the Movants believed Crimson's responses were incomplete or its
objections

 were improper, such issues could potentially have been resolved promptly. If
not, the issues

 could then have been brought before the Presiding Judge through a motion to
compel.

 D. The Movants' requested schedule extension is unreasonable.

 Movants' requested extension is especially unreasonable given that they already


 requested, and were granted, an extended procedural schedule to accommodate the
very issues

 they now raise again. At the outset of this proceeding, Crimson sought an
accelerated schedule

 in light of the fact that its transportation rates, even after the allowed 10%
increase, were not

 yielding revenues sufficient to recover even Crimson's direct operating costs.
Valero, joined by

 Tesoro and P66, requested a much longer schedule based on its view that there
would be

 significant discovery on complex cost of service issues. Movants were therefore
granted their

 requested additional time, over Crimson's objection,15 and yet, as discussed
above, they have

 largely squandered it.

 Movants propose that their testimony preparation time be doubled to 120 days.
In order

 to accommodate this, Movants seek to shift Crimson's testimony preparation time
forward such

 that the existing 44-day window that overlaps the Thanksgiving holiday becomes
a 45-day

 window that overlaps the much longer Christmas-Hanukkah-New Year's holiday
period. The

 15 In granting the longer procedural schedule, the Presiding Judge specifically
did so in order to avoid

 having to grant any extensions: "What I would prefer to do is just set a
schedule that's realistic and meet it

 and not have to look for any extensions." Tr. at 41:16.

 10.

 proposed shift would be unfair and burdensome to Crimson. Accordingly, Crimson
submits that

 the Commission should not adopt the revised procedural schedule proposed in the
Motion.

 E. Despite the lack of merit to the Motion, Crimson is willing to support a
limited

 adjustment to the procedural schedule.

 Although Movants have not demonstrated a reasonable basis for extending the
procedural

 schedule, Crimson is nonetheless willing to support an adjustment of the
procedural schedule to

 accommodate the Movants, but, in turn, seeks a wider compromise that
accommodates

 Crimson's circumstances.

 In light of what has since transpired in the discovery process, Crimson
respectfully

 submits that it would be appropriate to adjust the procedural schedule in a
manner that

 accommodates to a degree both the Movants' desire for more time and Crimson's
need for

 prompt approval of its proposed rate increase. Therefore, Crimson proposes
that:

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Movants' testimony date be shifted from October 16th to
November 18th, giving

 them 32 days out of the 61-day extension they seek, for a total preparation
period for

 the Movants of 92 days since Crimson filed its direct testimony;

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Crimson's rebuttal testimony date be shifted from November
29th to January 10,

 2017, adding 9 days to Crimson's 45-day testimony preparation period, in
recognition

 of the fact that both the Thanksgiving and Christmas-Hanukkah-New-Year's
holidays

 will fall within its revised preparation period;

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ The hearing date be shifted forward from March 6, 2017 to
February 13, 2017; and

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ The issuance of a Proposed Decision and Commission
meeting/decision on the

 Proposed Decision during the 2nd quarter of 2017.

 Crimson's proposed adjustments would afford Movants more than a month of
additional time,

 which is over half of the extension of time they have requested in their
Motion. Any outstanding

 discovery issues can be resolved during that time, particularly if Movants will
henceforth avail

 themselves of the meet-and-confer process required by the Commission's rules.

 11.

 In exchange for allowing Movants the additional time they request to make their
case,

 Crimson's proposal would also benefit Crimson by accelerating the process of
reaching a

 Commission decision on the merits of its rate application, as well as
benefitting all parties and

 the Commission by leading to a more efficient resolution of this matter and
providing certainty at

 an earlier date. Indeed, the need for rapid resolution has only become more
pressing as this

 proceeding has continued, as Crimson's current rates do not generate sufficient
revenues for

 Crimson to recover its cost of service, and Crimson is currently operating at a
significant loss.

 Crimson's current rates, even after the afforded 10% rate increase, are not
achieving sufficient

 revenues to recover its operating expenses, let alone any return on its
investment as is permitted

 under applicable law, as described in detail in Crimson's request for interim
rate relief file on

 June 15, 2016.16 Crimson's operating costs, which include, for example, salary
costs, costs for

 power to run its facilities, and the cost of fuel for its maintenance vehicles,
cannot be reasonably

 avoided, decreased, or delayed if the pipeline is to continue to operate
safely, and Crimson is not

 currently able to fully recover those costs. As a result, while Crimson is
forced to continue

 operating under its current rates, Crimson, far from over-recovering its cost
of service, is

 operating at an overall loss. This is clearly contradictory to the Supreme
Court's holding in FPC

 vs. Hope Natural Gas, 320 U.S. 591, 603 (1944), which provides the standard for
an adequate

 return for a regulated company: "it is important that there be enough revenue
not only for

 operating expenses but also for the capital costs of the business."

 Further, since operating its pipelines in a safe, reliable, and compliant
manner is a nonnegotiable

 matter, Crimson may have no choice, as cash becomes limited, but to shut down

 16 Amendment to Application; Request for Timely Interim Rate Relief, Case No.
A.16-03-009 (June 15,

 2016).

 12.

 portions of its system if it cannot afford to operate and maintain them to its
standards and the

 standards set by law. If pipeline transportation provided by Crimson becomes
unavailable,

 affected oil producers must instead load the oil on trucks for delivery to
refineries, thereby

 increasing the traffic on local roads. Trucking is widely known to be a more
expensive option

 than pipeline transportation, on top of being less safe and less
environmentally friendly. Worse

 yet, if producers find that trucking production to the refineries is
prohibitively expensive, the

 only remaining option will be to shut in wells. Given that many of the wells in
the region

 serviced by Crimson are relatively low-volume, high-cost wells, the shutting in
of such wells

 may prove to be a death knell, since re-establishing production on some future
date could be

 cost-prohibitive, particularly since producers would have no way to predict if
or when the lessexpensive

 pipeline transportation provided by Crimson would again be available.

 Crimson currently gathers and delivers approximately 130,000 barrels per day of


 California-produced crude oil to refineries in the Los Angeles basin. With
potential shut-downs

 glooming, and consequent well shut-ins, volume could drop along with revenue,
which would

 further exacerbate Crimson's intolerable situation. Such closures would result
in substantial

 economic losses to California and its businesses and citizens. Every barrel of
California oil that

 is shut-in will be replaced by oil imported by tanker from other production
areas around the

 world. That will translate into lost revenue for California energy producers,
lost jobs in the

 southern California oil fields, lost tax revenues, and other rippling economic
effects. By

 contrast, refiners, such as Movants, are insulated from these effects because
they can replace any

 barrels lost from the shut-in California producers previously served by Crimson
by purchasing

 oil arriving from overseas in the Los Angeles and Long Beach harbors.

 13.

 Therefore, Crimson respectfully submits that its proposed compromise
adjustments to the

 procedural schedule are reasonable and fully justified. In light of the
seriousness of these

 circumstances - circumstances affecting not just Crimson, but California oil
producers and

 markets - Crimson requests that the Presiding Judge also reconsider the denial
of Crimson's

 request for interim rate relief and grant Crimson its requested 14% interim
rate increase. Such an

 increase is fully within the Presiding Judge's discretion under applicable
law.17 The interim

 increase could be offered subject to refund, so that shippers would be fully
protected in the event

 that the increase was not ultimately found to be justified. If no interim
increase is granted, yet

 turns out to have been merited, and the Commission declines to authorize
retroactive recovery of

 the ongoing shortfall pursuant to Section 455.3, Crimson will have no recourse
and will simply

 have lost the revenue to which it was entitled under the law.

 III. CONCLUSION

 As set forth above, the facts do not support the Motion, but rather indicate
that Movants

 have ignored the Commission's established discovery rules and practices and, in
so doing, have

 squandered the additional discovery time they sought and obtained in the
current procedural

 schedule. Nonetheless, Crimson supports some adjustment to the testimony
deadlines and

 hearing dates as a compromise to accommodate both Movants' desire for further
time and

 Crimson's need to accelerate the schedule. In light of the fact that Crimson's
current rates do not

 permit Crimson to recover even its operating expenses, Crimson requests that
the Presiding

 Judge reconsider its request for interim rate relief and permit a further 14%
interim rate increase

 to be placed into prompt effect, subject to refund.

 17 See OII Whether PG&E, SCE, SDG&E and respective holding companies have
violated statutes and

 Commission Decisions, etc., D.02-01-039, p. 67 ("The Commission has a
corresponding duty to maintain

 reasonable rates to meet operating costs, among other things.").

 14.

 Respectfully submitted October 5, 2016 at San Francisco, California.

 CALDWELL BOUDREAUX LEFLER PLLC

 Charles F. Caldwell

 Deborah R. Repman

 1800 West Loop South, Suite 1680

 Houston, TX 77027

 Telephone: (713) 357-6228

 Email: ccaldwell@cblpipelinelaw.com

 Email: drepman@cblpipelinelaw.com

 GOODIN, MACBRIDE, SQUERI

  & DAY, LLP

 James D. Squeri

 505 Sansome Street

 San Francisco, CA 94111

 Telephone: (415) 792-7900

 Facsimile: (415) 398-4321

 Email: jsqueri@goodinmacbride.com

 By /s/ James D. Squeri

 James D. Squeri

 Attorneys for Crimson California Pipeline, L.P.

 3079/001/X185642.v1

  [#xfffd] [#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 Exhibit A

Substantive[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Data[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]P
roduced[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Crimson


Produced[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]in[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Respon
se[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 to[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Request[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]No.

 System/Operational[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Information

General[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Company[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]In
formation TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

 General[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Officers
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

 System[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Map TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1

Pipe[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Diameter[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Segment TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1

Mileage[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Segment
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1

Integrity[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Management[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xff
fd]Schedule[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Seg
ment[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]2020
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]5

Crimson[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Organizational[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#x
fffd]Charts
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]44

Crimson[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Measurement[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfff
d]Policy
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]7

 Carrier[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Property

Carrier[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Property,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Depreciation,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]CWIP[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd
]balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]activ
ity[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA:[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2015 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Sheet
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

Carrier[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Property,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Depreciation,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]CWIP[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd
]balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA:[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]27

Calculation[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]rat
e[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]base[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]used[#xfffd
][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Northam[#xfffd][#x20
ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Inglewood[#xfffd][#x20ac][
#x20ac][#xfffd]Acquisitions
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]13(c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

Workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]supporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xf
ffd]Valuation[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Report[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xff
fd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Huntington[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Beach[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]6[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]inch[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Brea[#xfffd][#x20ac
][#x20ac][#xfffd]West
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]13(c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

Workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]supporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xf
ffd]rate[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]base[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]used
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Line[#xfffd][
#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]600/700
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]13(c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

Bratt[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]s
upporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Line[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]600
/700[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]rate[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]base[#xf
ffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
VALERO[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]1

CPUC[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Filing[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]suppor
ting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]rate[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]base[#xf
ffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Ventura[#xfffd][#
x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]Thums
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]13(c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

Carrier[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Property,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Depreciation,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]CWIP[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd
]balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA:[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]27

List[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]AFEs[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]amounts[#xfffd][#x2
0ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Capital[#xfffd][#x20ac][#
x20ac][#xfffd]Projects:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xff
fd][#xfffd]2015 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]21

2016[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Capital[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expen
diture[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Forecast
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]4

Balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Sheet[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]YTD[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2016:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]May,[#xfffd]
[#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]June,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]July
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]12

 Operating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expense

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Operating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Exp
ense[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Income[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Statem
ent TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

List[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]AFEs[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]amounts[#xfffd][#x2
0ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Maintenance[#xfffd][#x20a
c][#x20ac][#xfffd]Projects:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014[#xfffd][#x20ac][
#xfffd][#xfffd]2015 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]20

Tank[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]inspection[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]sc
hedule TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]20

GL[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Operating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expen
se[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Detail[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]26

Support[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Test[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Year[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Insurance[#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expense[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Adjustment
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]12(e)

2016[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Budgeted[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Oper
ating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expense
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]5

Detailed[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Vendor[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Li
st PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]43

Income[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Statement[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]YTD[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2016:[#xfffd][
#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]May,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]June,[#xfffd][#x20ac]
[#x20ac][#xfffd]July
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]12

 Allocations

Current[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Corporate[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Allocation[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Rates
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]29

Detailed[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]employee[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
information[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]al
location
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]19

Volume[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Revenue


2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Operating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Rev
enues[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Barrels[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Barrel[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]Miles[#xfffd
][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd](Total) TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Volume[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#x
fffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Revenue[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#
x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Segment
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]17(b)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd](c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

2014,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2015,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2016[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]July[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]YTD[#xfffd][#x
20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Volume[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x
20ac][#xfffd]Segment TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]34

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]PLA[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]volume[#x
fffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]revenue
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]17(b)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd](c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x203a][#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd]
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac]...[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20
ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x201e][#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd]
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac]
"[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac]'[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

2014,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2015,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2016[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]July[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]YTD[#xfffd][#x
20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]PLA[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Volume[#xfffd][#x20ac][#
x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Revenue
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]34

Monthly[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]volume:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]sy
stem[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]wide[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]basis[#x
fffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1/2014[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]7/2016
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]18

2016[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Budgeted[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Reve
nue PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]5

Detailed[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Monthly[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]P
LA[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]record[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]segment:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014[#xfffd][#
x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]July[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20a
c][#xfffd]2016
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]15

Monthly[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Non[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]Jurisd
ictional[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Revenue[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]b
y[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Segment:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1/2015[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]7/2016
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]35

Monthly[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]PLA[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Gain/L
oss[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]detail[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014[#x
fffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]2015
VALERO[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]8

Annual[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]throughput[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
2011[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]2015
VALERO[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]6

 Cost[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Capital

Workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]supporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xf
ffd]MJW[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Test[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Year[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Cost[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x
20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Debt[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]calculation
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]60

Support[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]March[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]11[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Application

Workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]supporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xf
ffd]March[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]11[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Appli
cation[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Achieved[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Re
turn TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]14(a)

[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x203a][#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd]
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac]...[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20
ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x201e][#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd]
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac]
[#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac]'[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd
][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission; Crimson California
Pipeline, L.P., has submitted (A1603009) Response filed by Crimson California
Pipeline, L.P. on 10/05/2016 Conf# 102308

LENGTH: 5133  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Response):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 In the Matter of the Application of Crimson California

 Pipeline L.P. (PLC-26) for Authority to Increase Rates

 for Its Crude Oil Pipeline Services.



 Application 16-03-009

 (Filed March 11, 2016)

 RESPONSE OF CRIMSON CALIFORNIA PIPELINE, L.P.

 TO

 JOINT MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME

 CALDWELL BOUDREAUX LEFLER PLLC GOODIN, MACBRIDE, SQUERI, &

 Charles F. Caldwell DAY, LLP

 Deborah R. Repman James D. Squeri

 1800 West Loop South, Suite 1680 505 Sansome St., Suite 900

 Houston, TX 77027 San Francisco, CA 94111

 Telephone: (713) 357-6228 Telephone: (415) 392-7900

 Email: ccaldwell@cblpipelinelaw.com  Email: jsqueri@goodinmacbride.com

 Email: drepman@cblpipelinelaw.com

 Attorneys for Crimson California Pipeline, L.P.

 Dated: October 5, 2016

 FILED

 10-05-16

 04:59 PM

 1.

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

 In the Matter of the Application of Crimson California

 Pipeline L.P. (PLC-26) for Authority to Increase Rates

 for Its Crude Oil Pipeline Services.

 Application 16-03-009

 (Filed March 11, 2016)

 RESPONSE OF CRIMSON CALIFORNIA PIPELINE, L.P.

 TO

 JOINT MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME

 Pursuant to Rule 11.2(e) of the Rules of Practice and Procedure of the
California Public

 Utilities Commission ( "Commission"), Crimson California Pipeline, L.P.
("Crimson") hereby

 responds to the Joint Motion for Extension of Time ("Motion") filed by Tesoro
Refining &

 Marketing Company LLC ("Tesoro"), Phillips 66 Company ("P66"), and Valero
Marketing and

 Supply Company ("Valero") (collectively "Movants") on September 26, 2016.1

 I. SUMMARY

 Movants' request that the Presiding Judge double the time afforded them to
prepare their

 intervenor testimony is premised on allegations that, despite Movants' efforts
to efficiently

 pursue discovery, Crimson was dilatory and abusive. The Movants' claims are
absurd and false,

 as Crimson will demonstrate below:

 1 Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC, Phillips 66 Company and Valero
Marketing and Supply

 Company, Joint Motion for Extension of Time, Case No. A.16-03-009 (Sept. 26,
2016).

 2.

  [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Movants claim that Tesoro has received only 28 complete
responses to 218 discovery

 requests, yet, the fact is that responses to 79 of Tesoro's requests were not
even due

 as of filing of the Motion and so cannot be considered outstanding.

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Movants have been slow to pursue discovery. For example,
Tesoro waited until

 September 21st - 35 days into its 60-day testimony preparation period, and only
two

 business days before filing the Motion - to propound its first request as to
Crimson's

 direct testimony.

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Although Movants attack Crimson's objections and responses to
discovery requests in

 the Motion, prior to submission of the Motion, Movants failed to follow the

 Commission's mandated meet-and-confer process, during which the disputed

 objections/responses could have been resolved, dropped, or brought before the

 Presiding Judge. Instead, Movants have been silent or simply re-submitted the
same

 requests.

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Contrary to Movants' claims, Crimson has produced extensive
data and information

 to Movants.

 II. RESPONSE

 In the Motion, Movants request a 60-day extension of the procedural schedule
adopted in

 this proceeding for the filing of intervenor testimony and rebuttal testimony,2
which Movants

 claim is necessary for two primary reasons: (1) Crimson's alleged delay in
responding to data

 2 Movants request that their testimony filing date be extended from October 16,
2016 to December 16,

 2016 and that Crimson's rebuttal testimony filing date be extended from
November 29, 2016 to January

 30, 2017.

 3.

 requests, and (2) Crimson's alleged inconsistent and evolving presentation of
its cost of service.3

 Movants' claims in this regard are misleading and misrepresent Crimson's
conduct during

 discovery and the presentation of its cost of service. In reality, any hardship
that Movants are

 facing with respect to the preparation of their testimony is largely of their
own making.

 A. The Motion misrepresents the facts regarding discovery.

 The Motion's claims regarding Crimson's conduct during the discovery phase of
this

 proceeding are inaccurate and incomplete.

 First, Movants claim that "Crimson has provided 28 complete responses to the
218

 questions and sub-questions that Tesoro has propounded."4 This claim is quite
misleading.

 Responses to 79 of the "218"5 data requests propounded by Tesoro were not even
due at the time

 the Motion was filed. They were propounded to Crimson on September 21st in
Tesoro's third

 set of data requests, responses to which are not even arguably due until
October 5th, seven

 business days after the Motion was filed. The "218" number is also likely
inflated because it

 fails to account for the fact that Crimson objected to several of Tesoro's data
requests on grounds

 that they were overly broad, irrelevant, etc., and Tesoro took no action to
attempt to resolve such

 objections with Crimson. For those data requests to which Crimson objected and
Tesoro said

 nothing, Crimson had no obligation to provide a response. Therefore, those data
requests cannot

 reasonably be considered "unanswered," though presumably they are included in
the "218"

 figure described in the Motion.

 3 See Motion at 1-2.

 4 Motion at 2.

 5 Crimson notes that, in its review of the questions and sub-questions included
in Tesoro's first, second

 and third sets of data requests, it has been unable to reproduce the 218 figure
presented in the Motion.

 4.

 Next, Movants' claim that they avoided duplicating discovery requests by having


 "cooperated" amongst themselves6 is factually incorrect. For example, in its
first set of data

 requests, P66 requested information concerning why Crimson witness Mr. Petersen
used a "70-

 R-3 Survivor Curve" in his asset value analysis.7 Crimson fully responded to
this request on

 September 16th. Notwithstanding this fact, Tesoro's third set of data requests,
submitted on

 September 21st, included a data request seeking the same information.8
Similarly, Valero and

 Tesoro have each submitted data requests seeking the same information
concerning whether

 leaks, shutdowns, or operational issues have impacted Crimson's throughput
level.9 These are

 just two examples of the several instances in which Crimson has received
duplicative data

 requests from Movants.

 In addition, Movants allege that Crimson has complicated discovery by
presenting

 "inconsistent base year and other data in three separate filings" (i.e.,
Crimson's application,

 amended application, and direct testimony) and that Crimson's direct testimony
is "effectively a

 complete replacement case requiring the intervenors to start over in their
analysis."10 This is

 false. Crimson has not changed its methodological positions with respect to the
nature of its

 6 Motion at 4.

 7 See First Set of Data Requests of Phillips 66 Company dated August 31, 2016,
Data Request PHILLIPS

 1-50(a) ("Please explain whether and why, in Mr. Petersen's belief and
understanding, it is appropriate to

 use the Iowa State University 70-R-3 Survivor Curve for the Crimson Oil
Pipeline asset value analysis.").

 8 See Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC Third Set of Data Requests, dated
September 21,

 2016, Data Request TRM 99(a) ("How did Mr. Peterson arrive at selecting a 70-R3
curve for his study?").

 9 Cf. Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC Third Set of Data Requests, dated
September 21, 2016,

 Data Request TRM 42 ("At page 3, lines 5 through 12, please state the effect of
any leaks or shutdowns

 on the level of throughput for 2015, and especially in the fourth quarter of
2015.") and Second Set of Data

 Requests of Valero Marketing and Supply Company, dated September 7, 2016, Data
Request VALERO

 2-3(a) ("Please identify any operational issues (e.g. ruptures or temporary
shutdowns) by system ... and by

 month that impacted Crimson's ability to transport volumes on the system.").

 10 Motion at 1-2.

 5.

 costs and the type of costs it is entitled to recover through its cost of
service. Rather, Crimson

 has consistently presented its cost-of-service data, as such data has been
updated to reflect

 audited data, as well as the most current unaudited data available. In its
direct testimony,

 Crimson described the updated cost data and provided detailed reconciliations
between certain

 cost data underlying its March 11, 2016 rate application and the cost data
underlying its August

 17, 2016 direct testimony.11 If Movants were truly concerned about these cost
updates, they

 could have easily submitted data requests shortly after Crimson submitted its
direct testimony to

 obtain more information. Yet, Movants instead chose to wait several weeks to a
month after

 Crimson's direct testimony was filed to submit any data requests. Further,
Movants cite to no

 precedent or rule that limits or binds a pipeline to the cost data included in
its initial rate

 application or forecloses updates to reflect more current data.

 Lastly, and most damning to Movants' assertion that they have been hobbled in
their case

 preparations due to unanswered data requests, the fact is that Crimson has
produced a significant

 amount of data to Movants in this proceeding, which Movants could use to
analyze Crimson's

 cost data and develop their testimony. To date, Crimson has produced more than
59.6 megabytes

 of information and data in this proceeding. For reference, Crimson has also
included in Exhibit

 A attached hereto a listing of the substantive data that Crimson has produced
to the Movants to

 date.12

 11 See Prepared Direct Testimony of Robert L. Waldron at 7-14, dated August 17,
2016.

 12 Crimson also notes that many of the "outstanding" data requests included in
Tesoro's third set of data

 requests seek information that has already been produced by Crimson or that is
directly answered in

 Crimson's direct testimony. One example of this is noted above, where Tesoro
sought information

 concerning the use of the "70-R-3 Survivor Curve" that Crimson had already
answered prior to receiving

 Tesoro's third set of data requests. Another example is Tesoro data request
TRM-57, which seeks

 information about the change between audited and unaudited costs that was
clearly provided on pages 8

 and 9 of Crimson witness Mr. Waldron's direct testimony.

 6.

 Accordingly, notwithstanding Movants' claims otherwise, Crimson has provided a

 significant amount of data to Movants in this proceeding and has complied with
the

 Commission's requirements in making good faith efforts to be responsive to the
numerous,

 duplicative, and often-onerous data requests it has received.

 B. Movants failed to take advantage of the extensive time afforded to them for

 submitting discovery.

 The following timeline of Movants' discovery requests following Crimson's
application,

 amended application, and testimony places in context Movants' erroneous
assertion that Crimson

 is at fault for Movants' purported inability to timely develop their intervenor
testimony:

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ March 11, 2016 - Application for Authority to Increase Rates

 o 27 days later (April 7, 2015) Tesoro submits First Set of Data Requests

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ June 15, 2016 - Amendment to Application; Requests Interim
Rate Relief

 o 48 days later (August 2, 2016) Valero submits First Set of Data Requests

 o 61 days later (August 15, 2016) Tesoro submits Second Set of Data Requests

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ August 17, 2016 - Crimson Prepared Direct Testimony

 o 14 days later (August 31, 2016) P66 submits First Set of Data Requests

 o 16 days later (Sept. 2, 2016) P66 submits Second Set of Data Requests

 o 21 days later (Sept. 7, 2016) Valero submits Second Set of Data Requests

 o 35 days later (Sept. 21, 2016) Tesoro submits Third Set of Data Requests

 As this timeline shows, there was ample time after Crimson submitted its
initial application,

 amended application, and direct testimony for Movants to submit data requests
and engage in the

 "meet and confer" process with Crimson, if needed, to obtain discovery and
prepare their case in

 chief. Yet, Movants failed to do so and instead allowed significant time to
elapse without acting.

 7.

 Indeed, P66 did not submit a single data request until four and a half months
after

 Crimson's initial application and 14 days after Crimson filed its direct
testimony, and Valero did

 not submit a single data request until more than four months after Crimson
filed its application

 and almost two months after Crimson filed its amended application. In addition,
all three

 Movants waited weeks (and Tesoro waited over a month) to submit their initial
data requests in

 response to Crimson's direct testimony. Accordingly, any hardship that the
Movants are now

 experiencing is largely of their own doing and a direct result of their
inaction.

 C. In addition to Movants' delayed data requests, Movants failed to comply with
the

 Commission's established rules for discovery.

 A significant portion of the Motion is focused on Movants' concern that Crimson
has

 objected to a number of their data requests and that a number of Crimson's
responses are

 incomplete. As a result, Movants claim they have been "forced" to submit
multiple discovery

 requests, often seeking the same or follow-up information from prior requests.
Movants' claim

 is a candid admission that they have ignored the Commission's well-established
process for

 resolving such disputes.

 As an initial matter, Crimson notes that it did not object lightly. Crimson has
received

 numerous data requests that it believes to be unduly burdensome, overly broad,
or unlikely to

 lead to the development of relevant evidence. For example, P66 sought cost data
for a release on

 Plains Pipeline in Refugio, California, despite the fact that the release event
was unrelated to

 Crimson and that Plains Pipeline is not affiliated with Crimson.13

 13 See First Set of Data Requests of Philips 66 Company, dated August 31, 2016,
Data Request 1-53(a)

 and (b) ("(a) Please explain the circumstances of the Plains [Refugio] release.
(b) Please quantify all costs

 associated with the release and the clean-up of the release.").

 8.

 If Movants felt Crimson's objections were unreasonable or its responses were

 incomplete, their recourse under Rule 11.3(a) of the Commission's Rules of
Practice and

 Procedure was and is to bring such concerns to Crimson through the "meet and
confer"

 process.14 If the meet and confer were unsuccessful, Movants could then have
presented the

 matter to the Presiding Judge. Indeed, under Rule 11.3(a), the "meet and
confer" process is

 required before a proponent of discovery can file a motion to compel. Movants
have largely

 ignored the Commission's rules.

 Prior to the filing of the Motion, not once had Movants reached out to Crimson
following

 the submission of its objections and responses to (1) attempt to resolve the
objection or (2) raise

 their concerns that Crimson's responses are incomplete. Instead, Movants opted
to simply resend

 repetitive data requests to which it believes Crimson has not fully responded
or Crimson

 has improperly objected, often months after the initial objection/response was
provided. It was

 only after the Motion was filed that Movants, apparently recognizing their
failure to comply with

 the Commission's rules, have attempted to comply with the mandated meet and
confer process.

 In particular, on September 30th, four days after the Motion was filed, P66
submitted a request to

 "meet and confer" regarding certain of Crimson's objections/responses to P66's
data requests;

 similarly, on October 3rd, seven days after the Motion was filed, Tesoro
submitted a request to

 "meet and confer" with Crimson regarding certain of Crimson's
objections/responses to Tesoro's

 data requests. Notably, these first meet and confer requests were also sent to
Crimson mere

 weeks before Movants' intervenor testimony deadline.

 14 Indeed, the Scoping Memorandum issued in this proceeding specifically
directed the parties to adhere

 to the discovery rules under Article 10 of the Commission's rules, citing
directly to the use of motions to

 compel under Rule 11.3.

 9.

 Movants' approach to discovery is not only contrary to the Commission's rules,
but is

 also highly counter-productive. By failing to utilize the mandatory meet and
confer process until

 just this past week, Movants have wasted the ample time afforded to them for
discovery under

 the procedural schedule. If Movants had promptly conferred with Crimson
regarding any

 instances where the Movants believed Crimson's responses were incomplete or its
objections

 were improper, such issues could potentially have been resolved promptly. If
not, the issues

 could then have been brought before the Presiding Judge through a motion to
compel.

 D. The Movants' requested schedule extension is unreasonable.

 Movants' requested extension is especially unreasonable given that they already


 requested, and were granted, an extended procedural schedule to accommodate the
very issues

 they now raise again. At the outset of this proceeding, Crimson sought an
accelerated schedule

 in light of the fact that its transportation rates, even after the allowed 10%
increase, were not

 yielding revenues sufficient to recover even Crimson's direct operating costs.
Valero, joined by

 Tesoro and P66, requested a much longer schedule based on its view that there
would be

 significant discovery on complex cost of service issues. Movants were therefore
granted their

 requested additional time, over Crimson's objection,15 and yet, as discussed
above, they have

 largely squandered it.

 Movants propose that their testimony preparation time be doubled to 120 days.
In order

 to accommodate this, Movants seek to shift Crimson's testimony preparation time
forward such

 that the existing 44-day window that overlaps the Thanksgiving holiday becomes
a 45-day

 window that overlaps the much longer Christmas-Hanukkah-New Year's holiday
period. The

 15 In granting the longer procedural schedule, the Presiding Judge specifically
did so in order to avoid

 having to grant any extensions: "What I would prefer to do is just set a
schedule that's realistic and meet it

 and not have to look for any extensions." Tr. at 41:16.

 10.

 proposed shift would be unfair and burdensome to Crimson. Accordingly, Crimson
submits that

 the Commission should not adopt the revised procedural schedule proposed in the
Motion.

 E. Despite the lack of merit to the Motion, Crimson is willing to support a
limited

 adjustment to the procedural schedule.

 Although Movants have not demonstrated a reasonable basis for extending the
procedural

 schedule, Crimson is nonetheless willing to support an adjustment of the
procedural schedule to

 accommodate the Movants, but, in turn, seeks a wider compromise that
accommodates

 Crimson's circumstances.

 In light of what has since transpired in the discovery process, Crimson
respectfully

 submits that it would be appropriate to adjust the procedural schedule in a
manner that

 accommodates to a degree both the Movants' desire for more time and Crimson's
need for

 prompt approval of its proposed rate increase. Therefore, Crimson proposes
that:

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Movants' testimony date be shifted from October 16th to
November 18th, giving

 them 32 days out of the 61-day extension they seek, for a total preparation
period for

 the Movants of 92 days since Crimson filed its direct testimony;

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ Crimson's rebuttal testimony date be shifted from November
29th to January 10,

 2017, adding 9 days to Crimson's 45-day testimony preparation period, in
recognition

 of the fact that both the Thanksgiving and Christmas-Hanukkah-New-Year's
holidays

 will fall within its revised preparation period;

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ The hearing date be shifted forward from March 6, 2017 to
February 13, 2017; and

 [#xfffd][#x20ac]¸ The issuance of a Proposed Decision and Commission
meeting/decision on the

 Proposed Decision during the 2nd quarter of 2017.

 Crimson's proposed adjustments would afford Movants more than a month of
additional time,

 which is over half of the extension of time they have requested in their
Motion. Any outstanding

 discovery issues can be resolved during that time, particularly if Movants will
henceforth avail

 themselves of the meet-and-confer process required by the Commission's rules.

 11.

 In exchange for allowing Movants the additional time they request to make their
case,

 Crimson's proposal would also benefit Crimson by accelerating the process of
reaching a

 Commission decision on the merits of its rate application, as well as
benefitting all parties and

 the Commission by leading to a more efficient resolution of this matter and
providing certainty at

 an earlier date. Indeed, the need for rapid resolution has only become more
pressing as this

 proceeding has continued, as Crimson's current rates do not generate sufficient
revenues for

 Crimson to recover its cost of service, and Crimson is currently operating at a
significant loss.

 Crimson's current rates, even after the afforded 10% rate increase, are not
achieving sufficient

 revenues to recover its operating expenses, let alone any return on its
investment as is permitted

 under applicable law, as described in detail in Crimson's request for interim
rate relief file on

 June 15, 2016.16 Crimson's operating costs, which include, for example, salary
costs, costs for

 power to run its facilities, and the cost of fuel for its maintenance vehicles,
cannot be reasonably

 avoided, decreased, or delayed if the pipeline is to continue to operate
safely, and Crimson is not

 currently able to fully recover those costs. As a result, while Crimson is
forced to continue

 operating under its current rates, Crimson, far from over-recovering its cost
of service, is

 operating at an overall loss. This is clearly contradictory to the Supreme
Court's holding in FPC

 vs. Hope Natural Gas, 320 U.S. 591, 603 (1944), which provides the standard for
an adequate

 return for a regulated company: "it is important that there be enough revenue
not only for

 operating expenses but also for the capital costs of the business."

 Further, since operating its pipelines in a safe, reliable, and compliant
manner is a nonnegotiable

 matter, Crimson may have no choice, as cash becomes limited, but to shut down

 16 Amendment to Application; Request for Timely Interim Rate Relief, Case No.
A.16-03-009 (June 15,

 2016).

 12.

 portions of its system if it cannot afford to operate and maintain them to its
standards and the

 standards set by law. If pipeline transportation provided by Crimson becomes
unavailable,

 affected oil producers must instead load the oil on trucks for delivery to
refineries, thereby

 increasing the traffic on local roads. Trucking is widely known to be a more
expensive option

 than pipeline transportation, on top of being less safe and less
environmentally friendly. Worse

 yet, if producers find that trucking production to the refineries is
prohibitively expensive, the

 only remaining option will be to shut in wells. Given that many of the wells in
the region

 serviced by Crimson are relatively low-volume, high-cost wells, the shutting in
of such wells

 may prove to be a death knell, since re-establishing production on some future
date could be

 cost-prohibitive, particularly since producers would have no way to predict if
or when the lessexpensive

 pipeline transportation provided by Crimson would again be available.

 Crimson currently gathers and delivers approximately 130,000 barrels per day of


 California-produced crude oil to refineries in the Los Angeles basin. With
potential shut-downs

 glooming, and consequent well shut-ins, volume could drop along with revenue,
which would

 further exacerbate Crimson's intolerable situation. Such closures would result
in substantial

 economic losses to California and its businesses and citizens. Every barrel of
California oil that

 is shut-in will be replaced by oil imported by tanker from other production
areas around the

 world. That will translate into lost revenue for California energy producers,
lost jobs in the

 southern California oil fields, lost tax revenues, and other rippling economic
effects. By

 contrast, refiners, such as Movants, are insulated from these effects because
they can replace any

 barrels lost from the shut-in California producers previously served by Crimson
by purchasing

 oil arriving from overseas in the Los Angeles and Long Beach harbors.

 13.

 Therefore, Crimson respectfully submits that its proposed compromise
adjustments to the

 procedural schedule are reasonable and fully justified. In light of the
seriousness of these

 circumstances - circumstances affecting not just Crimson, but California oil
producers and

 markets - Crimson requests that the Presiding Judge also reconsider the denial
of Crimson's

 request for interim rate relief and grant Crimson its requested 14% interim
rate increase. Such an

 increase is fully within the Presiding Judge's discretion under applicable
law.17 The interim

 increase could be offered subject to refund, so that shippers would be fully
protected in the event

 that the increase was not ultimately found to be justified. If no interim
increase is granted, yet

 turns out to have been merited, and the Commission declines to authorize
retroactive recovery of

 the ongoing shortfall pursuant to Section 455.3, Crimson will have no recourse
and will simply

 have lost the revenue to which it was entitled under the law.

 III. CONCLUSION

 As set forth above, the facts do not support the Motion, but rather indicate
that Movants

 have ignored the Commission's established discovery rules and practices and, in
so doing, have

 squandered the additional discovery time they sought and obtained in the
current procedural

 schedule. Nonetheless, Crimson supports some adjustment to the testimony
deadlines and

 hearing dates as a compromise to accommodate both Movants' desire for further
time and

 Crimson's need to accelerate the schedule. In light of the fact that Crimson's
current rates do not

 permit Crimson to recover even its operating expenses, Crimson requests that
the Presiding

 Judge reconsider its request for interim rate relief and permit a further 14%
interim rate increase

 to be placed into prompt effect, subject to refund.

 17 See OII Whether PG&E, SCE, SDG&E and respective holding companies have
violated statutes and

 Commission Decisions, etc., D.02-01-039, p. 67 ("The Commission has a
corresponding duty to maintain

 reasonable rates to meet operating costs, among other things.").

 14.

 Respectfully submitted October 5, 2016 at San Francisco, California.

 CALDWELL BOUDREAUX LEFLER PLLC

 Charles F. Caldwell

 Deborah R. Repman

 1800 West Loop South, Suite 1680

 Houston, TX 77027

 Telephone: (713) 357-6228

 Email: ccaldwell@cblpipelinelaw.com

 Email: drepman@cblpipelinelaw.com

 GOODIN, MACBRIDE, SQUERI

  & DAY, LLP

 James D. Squeri

 505 Sansome Street

 San Francisco, CA 94111

 Telephone: (415) 792-7900

 Facsimile: (415) 398-4321

 Email: jsqueri@goodinmacbride.com

 By /s/ James D. Squeri

 James D. Squeri

 Attorneys for Crimson California Pipeline, L.P.

 3079/001/X185642.v1

  [#xfffd] [#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 [#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 Exhibit A

Substantive[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Data[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]P
roduced[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Crimson


Produced[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]in[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Respon
se[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

 to[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Request[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]No.

 System/Operational[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Information

General[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Company[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]In
formation TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

 General[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Officers
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

 System[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Map TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1

Pipe[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Diameter[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Segment TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1

Mileage[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Segment
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1

Integrity[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Management[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xff
fd]Schedule[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Seg
ment[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]2020
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]5

Crimson[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Organizational[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#x
fffd]Charts
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]44

Crimson[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Measurement[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfff
d]Policy
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]7

 Carrier[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Property

Carrier[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Property,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Depreciation,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]CWIP[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd
]balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]activ
ity[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA:[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2015 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Sheet
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

Carrier[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Property,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Depreciation,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]CWIP[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd
]balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA:[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]27

Calculation[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]rat
e[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]base[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]used[#xfffd
][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Northam[#xfffd][#x20
ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Inglewood[#xfffd][#x20ac][
#x20ac][#xfffd]Acquisitions
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]13(c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

Workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]supporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xf
ffd]Valuation[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Report[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xff
fd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Huntington[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Beach[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]6[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]inch[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Brea[#xfffd][#x20ac
][#x20ac][#xfffd]West
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]13(c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

Workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]supporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xf
ffd]rate[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]base[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]used
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Line[#xfffd][
#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]600/700
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]13(c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

Bratt[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]s
upporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Line[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]600
/700[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]rate[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]base[#xf
ffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
VALERO[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]1

CPUC[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Filing[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]suppor
ting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]rate[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]base[#xf
ffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Ventura[#xfffd][#
x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]Thums
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]13(c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

Carrier[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Property,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Depreciation,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]CWIP[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd
]balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA:[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]27

List[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]AFEs[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]amounts[#xfffd][#x2
0ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Capital[#xfffd][#x20ac][#
x20ac][#xfffd]Projects:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xff
fd][#xfffd]2015 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]21

2016[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Capital[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expen
diture[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Forecast
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]4

Balance[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Sheet[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]YTD[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2016:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]May,[#xfffd]
[#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]June,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]July
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]12

 Operating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expense

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Operating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Exp
ense[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Income[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Statem
ent TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

List[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]AFEs[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]amounts[#xfffd][#x2
0ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Maintenance[#xfffd][#x20a
c][#x20ac][#xfffd]Projects:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014[#xfffd][#x20ac][
#xfffd][#xfffd]2015 TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]20

Tank[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]inspection[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]sc
hedule TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]20

GL[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Operating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expen
se[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Detail[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]26

Support[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Test[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Year[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Insurance[#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expense[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Adjustment
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]12(e)

2016[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Budgeted[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Oper
ating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Expense
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]5

Detailed[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Vendor[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Li
st PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]43

Income[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Statement[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]YTD[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2016:[#xfffd][
#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]May,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]June,[#xfffd][#x20ac]
[#x20ac][#xfffd]July
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]12

 Allocations

Current[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Corporate[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
Allocation[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Rates
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]29

Detailed[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]employee[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
information[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]al
location
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]19

Volume[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Revenue


2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Operating[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Rev
enues[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]USoA
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Barrels[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Barrel[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]Miles[#xfffd
][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd](Total) TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]7

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Volume[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#x
fffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Revenue[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#
x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Segment
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]17(b)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd](c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

2014,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2015,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2016[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]July[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]YTD[#xfffd][#x
20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Volume[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x
20ac][#xfffd]Segment TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]34

2015[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]PLA[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]volume[#x
fffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]revenue
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]17(b)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd](c)[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x203a][#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd]
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac]...[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20
ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x201e][#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd]
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac]
"[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac]'[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

2014,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2015,[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2016[#
xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]July[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]YTD[#xfffd][#x
20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]PLA[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Volume[#xfffd][#x20ac][#
x20ac][#xfffd]and[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Revenue
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]34

Monthly[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]volume:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]sy
stem[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]wide[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]basis[#x
fffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1/2014[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]7/2016
TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]18

2016[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Budgeted[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Reve
nue PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]5

Detailed[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Monthly[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]P
LA[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]record[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]by[#xfff
d][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]segment:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014[#xfffd][#
x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]July[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20a
c][#xfffd]2016
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]15

Monthly[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Non[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]Jurisd
ictional[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Revenue[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]b
y[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Segment:[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1/2015[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]7/2016
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]35

Monthly[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]PLA[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Gain/L
oss[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]detail[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]2014[#x
fffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]2015
VALERO[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]8

Annual[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]throughput[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]
2011[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]2015
VALERO[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]6

 Cost[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Capital

Workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]supporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xf
ffd]MJW[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Test[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Year[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Cost[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]of[#xfffd][#x
20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Debt[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]calculation
PHILLIPS[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]1[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd]60

Support[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]for[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]March[
#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]11[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Application

Workpapers[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]supporting[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xf
ffd]March[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]11[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Appli
cation[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Achieved[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]Re
turn TRM[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]14(a)

[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x203a][#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd]
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac]...[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20
ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xff
fd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]

[#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x201e][#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd]
[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac]
[#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac]'[#xfffd][#x20ac][#xfffd
][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd][#xfffd][#x20ac][#x20ac][#xfffd]



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 7, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Landmarking Might Have Saved Two Theaters

SECTION: Section 4; Page 16, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 314 words


To the Editor:


What do Gerry Schoenfeld and Joe Papp have in common? They're both down on the
landmarking of theaters, it seems (letters, March 31). Why? Mr. Schoenfeld
appeared to be indifferent to the tearing down of the Morosco and the Helen
Hayes, and one can understand his position. But Mr. Papp worked feverishly and
with his usual eclat to save those two important theaters, so his complaint is
more difficult to figure out.

It's also puzzling that Mr. Papp would misrepresent the statement of the Save
the Theaters Committee and its many distinguished signatories. What they asked
for in their ad (March 24) was simply that ''all remaining historic theaters''
be landmarked - ''historic'' as determined by the normal, appropriate procedures
of the Landmarks Preservation Commission. What's wrong with that, for Pete's
sake?

Had both the Helen Hayes and the Morosco enjoyed landmark status three years
ago, Mr. Portman and his associates in government and the financial world might
have hesitated to subject themselves to the careful review procedures required
to overturn that status and might then have sought a different site to build on
or modified their design to allow preservation of the theaters.

In the absence of that safety valve for the public interest - which is what
landmark designation is - it was easy enough, despite delays, for the Portman
Hotel to barrel ahead, trampling underfoot not only two grand old theaters, but
an essential middle-cost hotel in the bargain.

Today, as a monument to our collective failure, the monstrous Portman, now
Marriott Hotel, casts its pall over Broadway, and the way is open for other
outsize buildings to join it in the theater district.

Of course landmarking isn't the whole answer - other protections are needed too
- but it is surely a valuable first step.

JOAN K. DAVIDSON New York, April 2, 1985

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              382 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 26, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Disputes Amway Claims

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 14, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Aug. 25


The Amway Corporation has been notified by the Federal Government that some of
its sales literature misrepresents potential earnings by distributors and does
not comply with a 1979 Federal Trade Commission order, according to officials
and court documents.

Selig Merber, deputy assistant director of the compliance division of the
F.T.C.'s Bureau of Competition, said that officials had been negotiating with
Amway since June to develop new sales publications.

Amway is a direct sales concern that manufactures 350 home-care products. It
also owns the Mutual Broadcasting System, the nation's largest radio network.

In 1979, the commission ruled Amway's marketing plan had the ''capacity'' to
deceive potential Amway distributors. The plan represented distributors' average
monthly sales as $200 each. The commission found that the average monthly sales
volume was much lower than $200 and that the company's claims regarding
distributors' profits were ''even further removed from reality.''

An Amway spokesman, Casey Wondergem, confirmed today that the company, which is
based in Ada, Mich., was ''reviewing our literature to comply with the F.T.C.
order.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              383 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 12, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Misrepresentation

SECTION: Section 7; Page 39, Column 2; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 467 words


To the Editor:

Hilton Kramer did not misrepresent what Alfred Kazin wrote about me in the
latter's ''New York Jew.'' It is Mr. Kazin who is guilty of crass
misrepresentation of my views. In his book and in his letter (March 15) Mr.
Kazin writes: ''Mr. Hook supported the firing of supposed Communist teachers on
'libertarian' grounds.'' This is false, as the very article from which he cites
shows (Saturday Review, April 18, 1953 - an article made up of excerpts drawn by
the editor from galleys of my about-to-be published ''Heresy, Yes - Conspiracy,
No'').

Mr. Kazin conceals the fact that the answer the article gives to the question
''Can We Trust Our Teachers?'' is a resounding affirmative. He also conceals the
fact that it explicitly defends the right of teachers to profess Communist or
any other heretical views.  I challenge Mr. Kazin to find in my many writings on
the subject even a single sentence supporting the view he attributes to me that
''supposed Communist teachers'' be fired.

What I argued for was the position of the New School that the issue should be
decided not on the basis of political beliefs but on grounds of professional
ethics. I quote from the New School Bulletin, Vol. 10, No. 19, Jan. 5, 1953:

''The New School knows that no man can teach well, nor should he be permitted to
teach at all, unless he is prepared 'to follow the truth of scholarship wherever
it may lead.' No inquiry is ever made as to whether a lecturer's private views
are conservative, liberal, or radical; orthodox or agnostic; views of the
aristocrat or commoner.  Jealously safeguarding this precious principle, the New
School stoutly affirms that a member of any political party or group which
asserts the right to dictate in matters of science or scientific opinion is not
free to teach the truth and thereby is disqualified as a teacher.''

In contradistinction to the New School I held that even membership is not a
ground for automatic dismissal but a rebuttable presumption of unfitness
warranting inquiry by a committee of a teacher's peers, not by any governmental
agency, whose investigations into teachers fitness and loyalty I vehemently
opposed. Mr. Kazin not only conceals this but also my strong criticisms of
McCarthy and other cultural vigilantes. Although Mr. Kazin himself has taught at
the New School, it is significant that he never took issue with its educational
credo. And if there is a record of his public criticism of Senator McCarthy when
that demagogue was riding high, it has escaped me.

I share Mr. Kazin's abhorrence of right-wing fanatics and left-wing fools. But I
regard as even more contemptible crafty opportunists whose books and reviews
rewrite the past to feed prejudices of regnant literary and political factions.
SIDNEY HOOK, Stanford, Calif.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              384 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            April 16, 2008 Wednesday

'Atlas' spurned

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 877 words


It is obvious that Matthew Keenan is either ignorant of the depth in Ayn Rand's
writings or is blatantly biased ("Schools to teach Ayn Rand, for a price," April
13). Keenan's synopsis of the plot, "the collapse of the economy when the most
productive industrialists withdraw from society," misrepresents the multilevel,
complex storyline in this novel.

Keenan quotes the equally ignorant Harold Bloom, who holds himself so important
as to have written a tome he contends represents the most important work in
Western literature. Puffed egos are on a rampage in this article, and it would
be humorous if it were not so sad.

"Atlas Shrugged" is the only book (at 1,000-plus pages) I have read four or five
times and will continue to read every few years, until I die. The universities
clever enough to collect monies for merely introducing a well-written,
provocative piece of literature have proven themselves higher on the
intelligence roster than either Keenan or Bloom.

Nancy Lanthier Carroll, Roseville'Merger'?

So, Delta and Northwest are merging -- but the company will be called "Delta"
and have its headquarters in Atlanta, and Delta's top three executives will run
the company. If that's a "merger," what would a "takeover" look like?

Barry F. Hamill, St. PaulThe price of success

Northwest Airlines CEO Doug Steenland made millions of dollars driving his
company into bankruptcy while slashing jobs and benefits. He then made millions
emerging from bankruptcy, still slashing jobs and benefits. Finally, he sells
his company, making millions and slashing jobs and benefits.

Doug did well for himself; however, our system of capitalism cannot afford many
more of these success stories.

Wendell Petersen, St. Paul

The writer is the CEO of Circuitech Inc.It's bad news forNorthwest customers

As a former reservation agent for Northwest Airlines and as a resident of
Atlanta for the past 28 years, I see nothing but bad news for Northwest
customers. I have had to put up with rude and incompetent service from Delta 90
percent of the time I interact with them on any level.

In trying to book reservations to Juneau, Alaska, it was necessary to explain to
Delta's representative where Alaska is, as their reservation department was
outsourced to India years ago. When I have missed connections on Delta, their
agents are of no help.

With Northwest under the same circumstances, I have always been treated in a
cordial and helpful manner. As to headquarters, the Twin Cities location would
be far superior to anything Georgia can offer.

Louis Noltimier, M.D., Rockmart, Ga.Life after mergers

What will become of MSP after the merger? St. Louis was a Trans World Airlines
hub. American Airlines took over the TWA routes. St. Louis is now, at best, a
mere airport. The Pittsburgh airport is all but a ghost town after the USAir and
America West merger.

The airlines have their hub-and-spoke system in place, and past efforts to
change this business plan have failed.

Northwest and Delta will tell the government that their "route" system does not
overlap. Anything over the Atlantic or Pacific is an overlap. Why would Delta
maintain nonstop service out of MSP or Detroit when they can feed people into
Atlanta to fill aircraft?

The airline executives use creative language when it comes to getting anything
they want from all levels of government. Then they do exactly what they want to
do. Remember that Delta recently came out of a so-called bankruptcy and still
has over $3 billion to buy Northwest. Go figure!

Larry Eckhart, St. PaulThe writer spent 40 years working in the travel
industry.A few count cash,many count losses

How soon we forget. As Gary Wilson, Al Checchi, Richard Anderson and Doug
Steenland count their money, the employees of Northwest and citizens of
Minnesota should start looking for new jobs and ways to cover the impending
losses to the MAC, the state and our pocketbooks.

There is no upside to this story, only loss. In Eagan, a loss of taxes and jobs;
at the MAC, a loss of loaned money and loss of revenue as Northwest, oops, I
mean Delta, shrinks both gate use and other airport services. And as we all
know, the state, via our pocketbooks, has a huge investment in the former
Northwest that has small chance of being repaid.

A big Minnesota nice "thank you" to Wilson, Checchi, Anderson and Steenland for
taking a Minnesota landmark down the road to bankruptcy, selling it and then
sending it off to Georgia.

Jeff Gregory, EaganComplicit citizens

Nobody in the administration or the military can even begin to predict when we
can start to withdraw from Iraq. They do confidently predict that there will be
"terrible consequences" and a "bloodbath" if we have a "precipitous" withdrawal.
I say there is already a bloodbath going on there, but it just happens a little
at a time, day in and day out, so we can tolerate it.

Let me make a prediction. Actions taken or not taken last week will result in
another thousand deaths of good American soldiers by this time next year. If you
are an American citizen, you bear the responsibility for the next thousand
American deaths because you are silent, impotent and complicit. Iraq is not
worth another thousand dead American soldiers, but they will die. It was just
decided last week.

Thomas McCoy, Burnsville

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                       June 21, 1996 Friday Final Edition

TV's depiction of CPR not reality: Most victims are elderly and few survive not
young and likely to live, MDs warn

SOURCE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


On the tube, there's nothing like a good cardiac arrest -- all that chest
pounding and the scary defibrillator paddles.

Best of all, the near-dead are brought back to life with amazing regularity.

But that's ER.

In the real emergency room, doctors say cardiopulmonary resuscitation --
commonly known as CPR -- is no miracle. Indeed, a report in today's New England
Journal of Medicine contends TV medical dramas misrepresent just about
everything about it.

On television, victims of cardiac arrest are usually young trauma patients who
survive shootings, car wrecks, near-drownings and the like. In reality, they are
usually elderly heart patients who die.

The doctors' concerns are more than artistic. They argue that making CPR seem
far more effective than it really is gives people a skewed impression of its
worth and appropriateness.

They say this makes it tough for them to persuade people that terminally ill
patients should forgo CPR if their hearts stop beating in the hospital.

"Our concern is the 85-year-old woman with breast cancer who may extrapolate
what's happening on TV to her situation, although her chances of successful CPR
are extraordinarily lower," Dr. James Tulsky said.

Tulsky and colleagues from the Veterans Administration, Duke University and the
University of Chicago watched 97 episodes of the TV medical dramas ER, Chicago
Hope and Rescue 911. They counted 60 cases of CPR.

Among their conclusions about what they saw:

- Only 17 per cent of people getting CPR were elderly. In reality, cardiac
arrest is much more common in old people than in any other age group.

- Three-quarters of the cases of cardiac arrest resulted from accidents,
stabbings, lightning strikes and other noncardiac disasters. In reality, 75 per
cent to 95 per cent are triggered by underlying heart disease.

- Two-thirds of the CPR patients survived. In reality, survival is between 7 per
cent and 15 per cent -- and that's when patients' hearts stop beating in the
hospital. When accident victims arrive in the emergency room in cardiac arrest,
survival is close to zero.

Moreover, as dramatic as CPR looks on television, the shows probably don't
convey how gruesome this procedure can be.

"Resuscitation is an ugly thing," Tulsky said. "It's violent. It's not
dignified. It may break bones in the chest. It is not the way we would envision
that we would want to die."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1996 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              386 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            May 23, 1973, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 57, Column 6

LENGTH: 56 words

US Auto Club fines Champ Carr Racing Enterprises Inc $1,000 for attempting to
misrepresent 1 car for another car by transferring serial numbers and decals;
car, an Eagle-Offenhauser, is disqualified as alternate in Indianapolis 500,
scheduled to be run on May 28; chief mechanic J McCormick is suspended for yr
and fined $250; illus

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              387 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              May 21, 2007 Monday

Letters to the editor

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 713 words


Trauma care association

The otherwise good article re: Red Light Running Enforcement cameras (May 15),
misrepresents our organization. The National Foundation for Trauma Care (NFTC)
is a nationwide nonprofit trauma association that represents over 235 trauma
centers and trauma systems; nearly half of U.S. trauma centers and more than 75
percent of state systems. Every New Mexico trauma center, as well as the NM
Department of Health, is a member. Our Immediate Past Chairman, Ron Anderson,
MD, CEO of Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas, and our present Chairman,
Donald D. Trunkey, professor of surgery at Oregon Health Sciences in Portland,
will want this misunderstanding corrected.

In addition to our routine work as trauma economists and specialists in trauma
center operations, the NFTC completed a Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDCIP) grant in September 2006 to report the disaster preparedness
of our nation's trauma centers at the request of the Senate. We have a strong
presence in Washington DC with a full-time lobbyist and public relations firm.
We are well known to both federal and state elected officials. Our interest in
red light camera enforcement is an injury prevention activity that we began in
Orange County, sponsored by the Anaheim Angels, which was recognized nationally
as one of three top programs in the U.S. Please visit our Web site,
www.traumafoundation.org, to learn more about what we do.

CONNIE POTTER,

Executive Director

National Foundation for Trauma Care

Las Cruces

Jog-a-thon thanks

East Picacho Elementary School held its annual Jog-a-thon on April 12 to raise
money for a new roof on the school's outdoor classroom. The students worked hard
getting sponsors to contribute money for each lap completed. They were awarded
bikes, skateboards, balls and jump ropes. The children raised $16,000!

Again, the school had very generous community sponsors who donated food,
merchandise or money for prizes. We would like to thank Dental Associates, PA,
Farmers Insurance Group, Jaynes Corp., Investment Management Associates, Inc.,
Pic Quik, Pioneer Bank, RTD Hardware, Rio Grande Medical Group, Sonic Drive-In,
Atty. Steven Stevers, and White Sands Federal Credit Union.

Thank you for supporting East Picacho Elementary and helping us to motivate our
students to stay healthy and active!

DARBY HOFFMAN

Jog-a-thon coordinator

Las Cruces

NMSU's history lesson

The article in Tuesday's Sun-News (May 8) titled "NMSU facility digs up national
honor" was very informative. It is truly a great honor that the Summerford
Mountain Archaeological District on the University Ranch has received the
national recognition it deserves by being placed on the National Register of
Historic Places.

However, the article needs a bit of expansion, since it left one with the
impression that NMSU researchers did all the work: "NMSU researchers have been
able to provide information to the New Mexico Historic Preservation Division
that the office did not have before." In fact, the actual recording and
description of the 12 archaeological sites which make up the district was
provided to the Historic Preservation Division in a report by the Doña Ana
Archaeological Society in 1998, along with an initial nomination form for the
State Register. While the photographs, negatives and site descriptions which
made up the main body of this report have been separated and filed at the
Laboratory of Anthropology under the individual sites, a condensed version of
the site descriptions, including selected photos and drawings, has been
published. The reference is "Rock Art and Bedrock Mortar Sites in the Vicinity
of Summerford Mountain, Doña Ana County, New Mexico" in the El Paso
Archaeological Society journal, The Artifact, Vol. 37, No 1, 1999, pages 1 to
31. This article also includes the names of the 40 volunteers who put in
literally thousands of hours on the project.

When the undersigned encountered difficulty in following up on the nomination
process, Dr. Beth O'Leary, associate professor of anthropology at NMSU, and
graduate student Carolyn Pruett, after several iterations, were successful in
submitting the National Register nomination.

ROBERT O. PICK, PhD

Project Coordinator, Doña Ana Archaeological Society

Summerford Mountain Rock Art Recording Project

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2007 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              May 21, 2007 Monday

Letters to the editor

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 713 words


Trauma care association

The otherwise good article re: Red Light Running Enforcement cameras (May 15),
misrepresents our organization. The National Foundation for Trauma Care (NFTC)
is a nationwide nonprofit trauma association that represents over 235 trauma
centers and trauma systems; nearly half of U.S. trauma centers and more than 75
percent of state systems. Every New Mexico trauma center, as well as the NM
Department of Health, is a member. Our Immediate Past Chairman, Ron Anderson,
MD, CEO of Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas, and our present Chairman,
Donald D. Trunkey, professor of surgery at Oregon Health Sciences in Portland,
will want this misunderstanding corrected.

In addition to our routine work as trauma economists and specialists in trauma
center operations, the NFTC completed a Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDCIP) grant in September 2006 to report the disaster preparedness
of our nation's trauma centers at the request of the Senate. We have a strong
presence in Washington DC with a full-time lobbyist and public relations firm.
We are well known to both federal and state elected officials. Our interest in
red light camera enforcement is an injury prevention activity that we began in
Orange County, sponsored by the Anaheim Angels, which was recognized nationally
as one of three top programs in the U.S. Please visit our Web site,
www.traumafoundation.org, to learn more about what we do.

CONNIE POTTER,

Executive Director

National Foundation for Trauma Care

Las Cruces

Jog-a-thon thanks

East Picacho Elementary School held its annual Jog-a-thon on April 12 to raise
money for a new roof on the school's outdoor classroom. The students worked hard
getting sponsors to contribute money for each lap completed. They were awarded
bikes, skateboards, balls and jump ropes. The children raised $16,000!

Again, the school had very generous community sponsors who donated food,
merchandise or money for prizes. We would like to thank Dental Associates, PA,
Farmers Insurance Group, Jaynes Corp., Investment Management Associates, Inc.,
Pic Quik, Pioneer Bank, RTD Hardware, Rio Grande Medical Group, Sonic Drive-In,
Atty. Steven Stevers, and White Sands Federal Credit Union.

Thank you for supporting East Picacho Elementary and helping us to motivate our
students to stay healthy and active!

DARBY HOFFMAN

Jog-a-thon coordinator

Las Cruces

NMSU's history lesson

The article in Tuesday's Sun-News (May 8) titled "NMSU facility digs up national
honor" was very informative. It is truly a great honor that the Summerford
Mountain Archaeological District on the University Ranch has received the
national recognition it deserves by being placed on the National Register of
Historic Places.

However, the article needs a bit of expansion, since it left one with the
impression that NMSU researchers did all the work: "NMSU researchers have been
able to provide information to the New Mexico Historic Preservation Division
that the office did not have before." In fact, the actual recording and
description of the 12 archaeological sites which make up the district was
provided to the Historic Preservation Division in a report by the Doña Ana
Archaeological Society in 1998, along with an initial nomination form for the
State Register. While the photographs, negatives and site descriptions which
made up the main body of this report have been separated and filed at the
Laboratory of Anthropology under the individual sites, a condensed version of
the site descriptions, including selected photos and drawings, has been
published. The reference is "Rock Art and Bedrock Mortar Sites in the Vicinity
of Summerford Mountain, Doña Ana County, New Mexico" in the El Paso
Archaeological Society journal, The Artifact, Vol. 37, No 1, 1999, pages 1 to
31. This article also includes the names of the 40 volunteers who put in
literally thousands of hours on the project.

When the undersigned encountered difficulty in following up on the nomination
process, Dr. Beth O'Leary, associate professor of anthropology at NMSU, and
graduate student Carolyn Pruett, after several iterations, were successful in
submitting the National Register nomination.

ROBERT O. PICK, PhD

Project Coordinator, Doña Ana Archaeological Society

Summerford Mountain Rock Art Recording Project

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 28, 1998, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Secret Evidence Violates Law

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 156 words



To the Editor:

The argument of William D. Kutac (letter, Dec. 24) for President Clinton's
conviction misrepresents the circumstances of this sordid business.

He writes, "Any thinking organization, private or government, would not condone
his actions and the scandal they have caused."

But Mr. Clinton's actions did not cause the scandal.

The President did not heave his sex life into the street -- the independent
counsel dragged it there, and did so under circumstances whose murkiness
warrants suspicion, a suspicion deepened by Kenneth Starr's evasive answers
before the House Judiciary Committee.

We can all agree that President Clinton has earned his day in court. Those of us
counted among the 66 percent against impeachment figure that Mr. Starr has
earned his as well.

Only in this way, perhaps, can the independent counsel law be cleansed and
revived.

JOSEPH TALBERT
Worthington, Ohio, Dec. 24, 1998

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              390 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 24, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

SUNDAY: AUGUST 24, 1997: QUESTIONS FOR:;
Becky Thompson And Pamala Stone

SECTION: Section 6; Page 19; Column 3; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 149 words


Q: You've yet to enroll your first student. Are you worried?

A: Stone. We have five applications, so we're confident we'll have students
soon. Enrolling in a school requires parental consent. It might take a while for
students to get up the courage to speak to their parents about their sexual
orientation.

Q: Is self-segregation really what gay and lesbian teen-agers need?

A: Stone. That misrepresents what we're trying to do. Our students will be the
ones who are not doing well in school, the ones who are falling through the
cracks.

Q: Why would a gay student in particular fall through the cracks?

A: Thompson. We hear from students who get harassed and go to a teacher or
counselor looking for help. The reply they often get is, literally, You should
drop out.

Q: Why name it for Walt Whitman?

A: Thompson. He wrote beautifully about how important it is to be yourself.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Thompson (front) and Stone are Dallas-based educators who next
month plan to open the Walt Whitman Community School, the nation's first private
high school for gay, lesbian and bisexual teen-agers. (Danny Turner for The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              391 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 1, 1996, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Internet Shortcut Isn't Prohibitive for Most

SECTION: Section A;   Page 16;   Column 5;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 230 words


To the Editor:

"Steep Hurdles to a Web Shortcut" (Business Day, March 25) misrepresents the
cost of the Integrated Services Digital Network for the majority of Pacific
Bell's customers who want faster access to the Internet from their home
computers.

A chart accompanying the article highlights the cost for customers, primarily
computer buffs who operate their own home pages, who keep their lines in use 24
hours a day. This cost -- more than $1,000 -- is unrepresentative of the
intended use of I.S.D.N. and sends an unfairly alarming message to average users
that the service has become prohibitively expensive.

For home-page hobbyists and others with similar applications that require that
their lines be open all the time, I.S.D.N. isn't the solution.  Other high-speed
data services are designed for those needs, at a fraction of the cost.

We believe I.S.D.N. is the telecommunications solution for the cyber-generation,
and our proposed new rates are designed for the rapidly growing computer-using
masses. Even when our proposed rate increase is approved by California
regulators, our installation and monthly charges will still be the lowest in the
nation. The average net surfer is on line only 26 hours a month and will see his
bill go up only $6 to $7 a month.

TOM BAYLESS
Director
Pacific Bell I.S.D.N. Services
San Francisco, March 28, 1996

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              392 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 17, 1995, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Squatters Have to Live by the Same Rules as Everyone Else;
The 'Day Job' People

SECTION: Section A;  Page 12;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 143 words


To the Editor:

Your July 12 article misrepresents the people who are squatting in buildings on
East 13th Street in Manhattan. You state they are "largely white, well-educated
and employed." Most of them are indeed educated, but in the fine and creative
arts.

They may be employed, but their jobs are menial and do not pay a salary
commensurate with their education. They are known among creative artists as "day
jobs." There is not employment available or a means to make a living in the
fields in which they are educated, so they do their creative art in addition to
working full time in low-paying jobs.

The large majority of the squatters are trained and educated as fine artists,
and simply could not afford to live in New York City and create art if they had
to pay rent at market rates.

VANESSA FALGOUST
Brooklyn, July 12, 1995

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              393 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 November 6, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Wilson Never Called for 'Identity Card'

SECTION: Section 4;  Page 14;  Column 3;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 344 words


To the Editor:

"California Governor Suggests Requiring Citizenship Cards" (front page, Oct. 27)
misrepresents what I have proposed to help deal with the consequences of illegal
immigration.

Contrary to your headline, I have never suggested or urged that "every
Californian be required to obtain an official identity card." I am also opposed
to a "national identifier."

The Federal Government must fix what's wrong with the employer-sanction
procedures prescribed under the Immigration Reform and Control Act and provide a
means of verifying legal residency. Proposition 187 would impose the same legal
residency requirement as the condition of eligibility to receive services.

Existing Federal law purports to sanction employers who knowingly hire illegal
immigrants. To avoid the penalty, the employer must verify that a job applicant
is legally in the country by reviewing appropriate documentation. This
requirement has spawned a cottage industry of counterfeiters of the two dozen
forms of identification now accepted under the Federal law. A tamperproof system
for verification of legal residency must be developed by the Government.

You also falsely accuse me of "calling for students and the sick to carry
cards." You base that on reports of an interview that I subsequently corrected.
No one has suggested making anyone carry a card. Proposition 187, which I
support, requires that anyone seeking a taxpayer-financed service -- including
education and nonemergency health care -- be required to provide proof of legal
residency at enrollment, not that they carry an identifier card at all times.

This suggestion, which comes from those seeking to smear 187, conjures up an
odious "passbook society," which I reject as demagoguery by those who charge
immigrant-bashing as the motive of those of us who insist upon fairness for
California and on Federal responsibility. Legal immigrants in California resent
the charge that Proposition 187 is based on race, skin color or accent.

(Gov.) PETE WILSON
Sacramento, Calif., Nov. 2, 1994

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              394 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 16, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Nostalgia for Family Can't Undo Cutback Era

SECTION: Section 1; Page 20; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 484 words


To the Editor:

In "The Controversial Truth: Two-Parent Families Are Better" (Op-Ed, Dec. 26),
David Popenoe portrays me as an antifamily extremist. Quoting from "Brave New
Families," my book, he misrepresents my conviction that nostalgia for an
idealized 1950's situation-comedy image of the family has harmful effects on
most, increasingly diverse, actual families.

My book tries to grapple with the economic, political and social upheavals that
underlie family shifts by documenting the suffering, heroism and creativity of
ordinary people struggling to remake family life. Mr. Popenoe tries to convert
misguided nostalgia for "Ozzie and Harriet" land into social scientific truth.

The view that two-parent families are better is neither controversial nor the
confirmed empirical generalization Mr. Popenoe states. It is a widely shared
prejudice whose validity cannot be confirmed by the studies he pretends to
synthesize. Research on the effects on children of different family structures
yields contradictory findings, and few comparative studies take adequate account
of profound differences among families in economic and social resources, support
networks, quality of child-care options or kin relationships.

Ignoring nearly 20 years of economic decline, social neglect and the erosion of
public responsibility for collective needs, Mr. Popenoe blames the greed,
narcissism and diversity of families for child neglect. He laments the
possibility that we are rearing the first generation of children whose
psychological well-being is worse than that of their parents, but fails to note
that these parents are the first to be worse off economically than their own
parents.

Although child poverty declined during the more socially conscious 1960's, it
soared again in the publicly stingy 80's. Redirecting the public resources
committed to one savings and loan bailout could do far more to improve
children's lives than all the family values jeremiads in the land.

Not even a wild-eyed, antifamily extremist could deny that far too many children
suffer serious deprivation or that most children (and their relatives) could
benefit from massive infusions of the loving attention, economic and social
security, innocence and optimism that "Ozzie and Harriet" families have come to
symbolize. However, Mr. Popenoe and the family-values crowd confuse symbol with
reality and misdiagnose the social sources of family distress.

The nostalgia they peddle is unhelpful to children or to a social policy arena
that has been criminally slow to respond to family transformations. As we look
forward to a new Administration and a new century, we need less scapegoating of
families and more resolve to rebuild public responsibility for all our children
and their kin.

JUDITH STACEY
Prof. of Sociology & Women's Studies, University of California, Davis
Oakland, Calif., Dec. 28, 1992

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              395 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 24, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

POLITICS: THE AD CAMPAIGN;
Dole Plans $4 Million in California Ads

BYLINE: By JAMES BENNET

SECTION: Section B;  Page 11;  Column 4;  National Desk

LENGTH: 981 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 23


Planning a huge shift of resources in the last two weeks of the campaign, Dole
officials say they will spend $4 million on advertising in California, praising
Bob Dole for his honesty and his tax plan while accusing President Clinton of
lying and of failing to halt illegal immigration.

Meanwhile, the California Republican Party is buying a total of $1.7 million in
advertising time, according to a Democratic analysis, for a commercial to
support a ballot initiative that would eliminate state affirmative action
programs.

The commercial notes that Mr. Clinton opposes the initiative, Proposition 209,
but it does not mention Mr. Dole. It features a quotation from the Rev. Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr., shown giving his "I Have a Dream" speech, but King
scholars and the King estate say the commercial misrepresents the civil rights
leader's views. The California Republican Party said today that it was
considering dropping Dr. King from the commercial, which is to begin
broadcasting as early as this weekend.

Dole campaign officials said the commercial would help their cause by
criticizing Mr. Clinton and by encouraging Republican voters to turn out.

"This is, over the final two weeks of the campaign, an unprecedented coordinated
effort between the Dole-Kemp campaign and the California Republican Party to
maximize the vote for Bob Dole and Republican candidates," said John Buckley,
Mr. Dole's communications director. "In addition, there is a considerable effort
by the Republican Party to maximize the voter turnout, to help defeat Bill
Clinton."

But Clinton campaign officials said that they asked voters about the ballot
proposition in a poll on Tuesday night, and found that it did not affect their
opinion of the candidates. "People don't associate it with Dole," one Clinton
official said.

He argued that the commercial showed that the California state party was more
interested in helping Republican Congressional candidates than Mr. Dole. "They
want to lower Clinton's favorable, so he has no coattails," he said.

Clinton campaign officials said they would spend more than $2 million in
California in the next two weeks, but would not match the spending of the Dole
campaign dollar for dollar.

Mr. Dole plans to make a campaign bus trip through California this weekend, and
to campaign there again late next week. The Dole campaign has meanwhile pulled
all its advertising from New Hampshire, and from New York and Pennsylvania, two
media markets that cover New Jersey. The huge shift of money and time to
California comes as The Los Angeles Times reported this morning that its polling
showed Mr. Clinton with a 20-point lead there.

Mr. Buckley said Mr. Dole would speak out against affirmative action while in
California. But a Republican official, speaking on the condition of anonymity,
said Mr. Dole would not advertise on that issue, because doing so would
interfere with his other messages. "We're committed to truth and taxes on the
positive," the official said. "And we're committed, in California, to truth and
immigration on the negative."

Mr. Dole also began broadcasting commercials in Virginia this week, and the
Clinton campaign is considering responding there.

The Dole campaign is broadcasting two commercials in California. One features
Elizabeth Dole praising her husband's integrity and promising that he would cut
taxes by 15 percent. The other one attacks Mr. Clinton as a liar who promised a
tax cut but raised taxes, and promised tough ethics rules but delivered "more
investigations, more prosecutions, and more convictions."

Neither commercial shows an image of Mr. Dole, except in a tiny box in one
corner, a fact that delights Democrats. "He is so radioactive he's not in his
own TV," said Rahm Emanuel, a White House adviser.

The Dole campaign also released another commercial today, which it said it would
broadcast in California. The advertisement refers to a girl named Nicole who was
quoted in a New York Times article.

The narrator says: "She told The New York Times: 'Look at Bill Clinton. He
smoked marijuana and became President.' " The narrator concludes: "Before you
vote remember: Our children have to live with the President we give them."

Mr. Dole also does not appear in that ad, except in a small box.

John Herrington, the California state Republican Party chairman, said that the
party was fully committed to electing Mr. Dole, but that because of campaign
finance laws, it could not put him in its commercial about affirmative action.

"We want to help Bob Dole all we can, but our purpose is pro-Prop. 209," Mr.
Herrington said.

The affirmative action commercial includes a scene from the "I Have a Dream"
speech in 1963 in Washington, where Dr. King declared that people should "not be
judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character."
According to a script obtained by the Clinton campaign, the commercial's
narrator says: "Martin Luther King was right. Bill Clinton is wrong to oppose
Prop. 209. Let's get rid of all discrimination."

But Steve Klein, a research associate at the Martin Luther King Jr. Center for
Nonviolent Social Change, in Atlanta, said Dr. King supported the kinds of
programs that have come to be called affirmative action.

"He believed in, clearly, what we call affirmative action today, as a
justifiable compensatory program," Mr. Klein said.

Mr. Herrington said that the party had paid $1,600 for the right to use the
scene of the King speech, but that he was "up in the air" about whether to take
it out of the commercial.

"The quote fits perfectly, and I would like to use it, but the King estate has
said don't use it," he said.  "A couple of people have said, 'Would Martin
Luther King support quotas?' I don't know."

He added: "The main thing is our intentions are kind. I'm not trying to make it
a racist-type thing."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              396 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 28, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

A Guide to Czech Culture Shock in Iowa

SECTION: Section 1; Page 18; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 316 words


To the Editor:

"Dvorak's Spirit Returns to the Iowa He Loved" (Arts pages, Aug. 9), on the
centenary celebrations of Antonin Dvorak's three-month visit to the village of
Spillville, profoundly misrepresents both the motives of the Czech Republic in
its generous investment in Spillville and the allegedly world-weary reaction of
the "Czech Czechs" to the youthful enthusiasm of the "American Czechs."

Before World War II and since the fall of Communism in Europe, the Czech
Government has encouraged foreign interest in all things Czech by financial and
other means, not in a "search for healthy roots abroad to reinvigorate withered
ones at home" -- as you cynically maintain -- but from a healthy desire to
promote knowledge of Czech culture abroad.

A more perspicacious observer than you might have detected within the response
of the Czech visitors to the folk festivities provided by the native Czech
Iowans less an "anemia of spirit" than an understandable sense of cultural
detachment from a parochial outlook that has not changed very much since the
time of Dvorak.

The historical and cultural explanation for this difference in sensibility is
the farming origin of the Czech immigrants who settled in states like Texas,
Nebraska and Iowa in the last century. Lacking the cosmopolitan sophistication
of the urban dwellers of Prague and other cities, these immigrant communities
were more inclined to perpetuate a specifically 19th-century nationalist ethos,
which the pan-European Czechs of today no longer embrace.

Hence the allegedly "bemused" gaze of the visitors. Your facile and complacent
assertion that the "Czech spirit" (whatever that means) is more alive in
Spillville than in Prague or Pilsen overlooks the complexity of the historical
and cultural background.

ALFRED THOMAS
Asst. Professor of Slavic Languages, Rutgers University
Newark, Aug. 16, 1993

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              397 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

My Word: Voters should look at Kaplan's AC Transit board record

BYLINE: By Joyce Roy

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local; Opinion

LENGTH: 343 words


Most people, if they have been paying any attention, know the records of Jean
Quan and Don Perata, but very few know Rebecca Kaplan's six-year record on the
AC Transit board.

By serving on the AC Transit board, one can be an elected official without
accountability. It is easy to misrepresent one's actions on the board because
who watches it or even cares? Well, I have.

At a mayoral forum Kaplan claimed she knew how to find hidden money because she
served on the financially crippled AC Transit board. She helped cripple AC
Transit by approving "creative fund swaps" to pay for imported buses with funds
that could have been used for service. Now service is being cut to the bone and
they are stuck with junk buses that are particularly treacherous for elderly and
disabled riders, and more costly to maintain than older American buses.

She, along with most members, treated the agency's fund like it was a big cookie
jar; riders are now paying the price. Following are a few examples:


     ·    She convinced the board to pay her expenses, $1,503, to attend a
          conference that had nothing to do with transit, the International Gay
          and Lesbian Leadership Conference in Houston, Texas, Nov. 16-19, 2006.



     ·    She voted for a secret loan of $500,000 to the general manager so he
          could buy a house.



     ·    I have heard that in her campaign for City Council she claimed she
          never voted for the imported Van Hool buses. Until early 2008, she
          voted for every one of these no-bid buses, even making the motion for
          the contract extension at the Oct. 4, 2006 board meeting. And again,
          at the Nov. 12, 2008 board meeting, she voted for Van Hool buses for
          the Transbay service.


To sum up, when she served on the AC Transit board, she gave short shrift to the
elderly and disabled, voted to send good-paying jobs overseas and allowed public
funds to be squandered. She sought to please the general manager instead of her
constituents, the riders.

But she has a very charming public persona that can be summed up with, "Can't we
just all get along?"

Joyce Roy is a transit activist who lives in Oakland.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      January 17, 2005 Monday Home Edition

Jack Johnson: First black heavyweight champ epitomizes sordid history of race
relations

BYLINE: JIM AUCHMUTEY

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Living; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 932 words


TV PREVIEW

"Unforgivable Blackness: The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson"

9 tonight and Tuesday on GPB; 10 tonight and 8 and 10 p.m. Tuesday on WPBA.

One of the worst outbreaks of racial violence in American history occurred
because of a sporting event.

It was 1910, and Jack Johnson, the first black heavyweight boxing champion, was
defending his title against former champ Jim Jeffries, "the great white hope."
In a time when the color line was a chasm, the symbolic stakes were high.

"If the black man wins," wrote The New York Times, "thousands and thousands of
his ignorant brothers will misrepresent his victory as justifying claims to much
more than physical equality with their white neighbors."

The black man didn't just win; he toyed with his opponent for 15 rounds,
taunting him and grinning at the crowd. Johnson's triumph ignited riots and
bloodletting across the country. No one knows exactly how many people died ---
at least a score --- but most of them were African-Americans like the three men
in a Georgia construction camp who were shot to death by whites, apparently for
celebrating.

In "Unforgivable Blackness," a film on Johnson and the passions he unleashed,
Ken Burns has resurrected one of the most colorful and controversial figures in
the saga of American race relations. If you're bored with the polite
benedictions of another King Day, here's your antidote. Airing tonight and
Tuesday night on PBS and WPBA, it's an unforgettable story entertainingly told,
with jittery newsreels, a ragtimey score by Wynton Marsalis and eloquent
commentary from, among others, James Earl Jones, who played the fighter on stage
and screen.

Johnson was the sporting world's original black superstar. One of the greatest
of heavyweights, he was an elusive boxer who mixed lightning moves with a punch
so savage that he once struck an opponent's jaw and found teeth embedded in his
glove.

But his legend has as much to do with what happened outside the ring. Johnson,
his head shaved smooth and his smile gleaming, reveled in his success. He
sported flashy clothes, drove fast roadsters, frequented the finest saloons and
brothels.

The man loved women --- especially white women. In a time when blacks were
routinely lynched for sexual transgressions, real and imagined, it was a
dangerous indulgence that led to his fall.

"I was a brunette in a blond town," Johnson told a gym full of admirers near the
end of his life, "but, gentlemen, I did not stop steppin'."

Born in Galveston, Texas, Johnson started fighting as a teenager and had
conquered all the top black boxers by his early 20s. He set his sights on the
heavyweight title, a brash ambition considering that pugilists of his race
weren't allowed to contend for the sport's most prestigious crown.

Johnson shadowed the champ, Jeffries, around the world to demand a shot.
Jeffries said he'd retire before he fought a black man and did (although he
later returned).

Johnson finally got his chance in 1908 when the new titleholder, Tommy Burns,
agreed to take him on in Sydney, Australia. Johnson mauled him. Police stepped
in during the 14th round, ordering the fight stopped and the movie cameras shut
down so the world would be spared the indignity of seeing a black man knock out
a white man. We're left with history interruptus, a grainy freeze-frame of the
challenger closing in for the kill.

Now that he was the champion, Johnson's real struggles began. When he returned
to North America, he stepped off the ship in the company of a white woman.
Galveston canceled its homecoming parade. Editorial pages howled. A Georgia
congressman introduced a constitutional amendment to ban interracial marriage.

It wasn't just whites; many black Americans, including Booker T. Washington,
condemned Johnson's behavior as well.

Johnson said he was a man and could consort with whomever he pleased. In the
coming years, he took up with one white woman after another. He married one of
them, Etta Duryea, and beat her as he began to drink heavily. Four months after
she committed suicide, he married another, a 19-year-old from Milwaukee.

In 1912, two years after he defeated Jeffries, federal authorities decided to
take Johnson down. They arrested him for violating the Mann Act --- transporting
women across state lines for immoral purposes --- and he was convicted and
sentenced to a year in prison.

Ever elusive, Johnson fled to Europe and then Mexico. Three years later, in his
late 30s and out of shape, he lost his title to Jess Willard, a white man, in a
26-round fight in the afternoon swelter of an open-air arena in Havana.

Weary of exile, Johnson returned to the United States in 1920 and served his
sentence. It wasn't until 1937 that another black champion, Joe Louis, reigned
over the heavyweight division. When Johnson offered his services as a trainer,
Louis and his handlers kept their distance. They wanted to project the image of
a quiet, well-mannered athlete who was, in the phrase of the day, a credit to
his race. Someone unlike Johnson.

Two decades after Johnson's death in a 1946 auto accident, his ghost sprang back
to life in the Broadway play "The Great White Hope." James Earl Jones, who
portrayed him, remembers how another brash boxer in trouble with the law came to
see the show repeatedly in 1968. "That's my story," said Muhammad Ali, who had
just been stripped of his title because of his stand against the Vietnam War
draft.

"I don't see his life as a tragedy," Jones concludes of Johnson. "America was a
tragedy, that it couldn't cope with him."

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Documentary filmmaker Ken Burns, shown in 2000 in Atlanta,
augments the story of Jack Johnson with eloquent commentary. / LAURA NOEL /
Staff; Photo: During the 1908 fight in which Jack Johnson won the heavyweight
title, police ordered movie cameras shut down so the world would not witness a
black man defeating a white man. This photo was taken circa 1910.
Staff photo illustration; original photo by DON SCOTT / Boxing Collectors' News;
Photo: Jack Johnson became the first black heavyweight champion in 1908,
defeating Tommy Burns before a crowd of 20,000 at Rushcutter's Bay Stadium in
Sydney, Australia. Johnson inspired a future, similarly brash black champ,
Muhammad Ali. / Gary Phillips Collection

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              399 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 12, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

THE NIGHT;
Patriots Indoors

BYLINE: By Bob Morris

SECTION: Section 9; Page 6; Column 1; Styles of The Times

LENGTH: 1214 words


NOT only do members of the so-called cultural elite misrepresent what the
average American thinks, but sometimes they don't even have to pay to go to the
movies.

Last Wednesday, for example, a pack of them were invited by Miramax Films and
Paramount Pictures to the TriBeCa Film Center for a screening of "Bob Roberts,"
Tim Robbins's directorial debut about a folk-singing, right-wing candidate's
campaign for the United States Senate.

Linda Janklow, the chairwoman of Lincoln Center Theater, was there, wearing a
Harry Truman button. Peter Jennings of ABC News, who was reviewing the film for
The New York Observer, was there, too, looking as unflappable as ever. "I'm a
little nervous about writing the review," he said, revealing a flap.

Mort Zuckerman, the editor in chief of U.S. News and World Report, was bracing
himself for the convention coverage. "I think by Thursday we'll all be asking
ourselves, What are we doing this for?" he said.

No popcorn or Milk Duds were available at the movie. That lack made the
experience sort of elite, unless you were hungry, in which case it just made it
sort of trying. After sitting through the political fable, which looks like a
documentary, and snickering at lines like "The press -- they always lie" and
applauding politely at the end of the credits, the guests left the screening
room just like culturally non-elite people do.

Instead of watching this movie for their own enjoyment, however, this audience
had been watching for The People. "It's speaking to the converted," said Susan
Minot, the novelist. "I'd like to see it screened for a nonreceptive audience."

"They're going to think this is a real documentary in Europe," said Michael
Fuchs, the chairman of HBO.

"Ross Perot would have loved it," said Chuck Scarborough, the WNBC anchorman.

John McLaughlin, the political-talk-show host, wore a violently patriotic red,
white and blue shirt-and-tie ensemble. He found the movie "an interesting
parable on political skullduggery that was swinging out in all directions and
especially at David Duke, the liberal media and the military-industrial
complex."

George Plimpton, more excited about the treacherous climb he'd recently taken to
check out the Grucci fireworks set up on top of the Brooklyn Bridge, said, "It
was a wonderful failure." A self-proclaimed "anticonspiracy guy," he refuses to
see "JFK" and found the conspiracy conceit in "Bob Roberts" as problematic as
the politics of George Bush. "He's a nice guy, but I'm not going to vote for
him," Mr. Plimpton said of Bush, recalling a recent game of horseshoes at which
the President kept exclaiming, "Vic Damone!" as some sort of victory chant
before each toss. "I kept wondering if I should yell out, 'Mel Torme!' or
something."

With his history as a participatory journalist, would he consider running for
office?

"No," he said. "I might win."


The Meaning of It All

It was dusk, and a gentle rain, the type that eviscerates well-made garden-party
plans, was falling outside Skye West, an 81-year-old house in Southampton, L.I.

"What's America about?" mused the owner, Beth Rudin DeWoody, the daughter of the
real estate developer Lewis Rudin. "It's about philanthropy and giving back."

It was, after all, Fourth of July weekend, and she was host of a cocktail party
for the Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, an advocate for lesbian and gay
civil rights. "What did the Americans fight the revolution for?" she asked,
leaning against a couch draped with an American flag that had been treated to
look old. "Independence. Democracy. And also not having the Government interfere
too much. But if you want that, you have to take care of things yourself."

People in pressed shorts and chinos, cotton sweaters and deck shoes drank
cocktails on the covered patio and in the living room. With faded red, white and
blue bunting draped above the fireplace, old-fashioned doll houses and other
vintage furnishings, the house seemed as if it had been in the Rudin family for
several generations, though it has not.

Kevin Cathcart, the executive director of Lambda, gave a speech, mentioning a
client who had been thrown out of the National Guard for being gay. Mrs. DeWoody
told someone, "If the Bill of Rights doesn't work for everybody, it doesn't work
for anybody."

In the sun room, some men were comparing notes on the most American thing they'd
done lately. "I listened to Charles Ives," said one. "I enrolled for an M.B.A.,"
said another.

Nearby on the same Friday evening, the Shinnecock Hills Golf Club was the scene
of a party and a Michael Kors fashion show to raise money for Southampton
Hospital.

The clubhouse, designed in 1891 by Stanford White and recently renovated so that
it looked more Nouveau Mall than Old Guard, was packed with the physically and
financially fit. Young men in button-down shirts and the navy blue blazers that
they seem to think excuse their wearing pink or green trousers chatted up women
in thigh-clinging dresses.

Helen Lee Schifter, a perky and ubiquitous junior socialite, stood by the
check-in table, monitoring for confusion or fights over the party's long waiting
list. It was, you see, the only night of the year the club was open to
nonmembers. Mrs. Schifter was wearing a green silk, fringed minidress with a
peony-pink sweater tied over her shoulders. "I'm the Polynesian Southampton girl
tonight," she said, waving to Jocelyn Javits, who had just come in from the
rain.

"They're all going to hate me," Mrs. Schifter said about the friends she'd
enlisted as models for the fashion show and described as Southampton's "hottest"
women: Nina Tower, Sally Phipps, Ashly Jones and Alison Spear, among others. "I
promised them no runway, but without one, nobody would be able to see anything."

An even bigger problem, Mr. Kors said, were the high-heeled shoes.

"At the rehearsal they all told me, 'I never wear heels; I wear flats,' " Mr.
Kors said. "I was like, please."

He made them practice walking around in heels for two hours before the show
began, even though a sign in the ladies' locker room read, "No Spikes Allowed."

No Fireworks, but Fireflies

The rain didn't take a holiday on the Fourth, so the fireworks that were
supposed to be shot off in Amagansett, L.I., near the art dealer Larry
Gagosian's new glass house by Charles Gwathmey were canceled. But who needs
fireworks when you've collected a houseful of human fireflies?

Mr. Gagosian and his cohost, Mica Ertegun, had put together the most
talked-about party of the weekend. While Phil Spector played rock-and-roll on
the piano, Jann Wenner, of Rolling Stone, and Mrs. Ertegun's husband, Ahmet, the
president of Atlantic Records, sang along. Christie Brinkley walked around in a
clingy red, white and blue outfit with her daughter, Alexa Ray.

Meanwhile, in Sag Harbor, L.I., Lanford Wilson, the Pulitzer Prize-winning
playwright, was staying dry at home with friends, watching the Mets game and the
fireworks afterward. "You feel like a total fool watching fireworks on
television," the author of "The Fifth of July" said. "But that's exactly what we
did."

Wasn't he invited to the Gagosian-Ertegun party?

"Who?" he said.

It was an unintenional declaration of independence.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              400 of 997 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2016 William Mitchell College of Law
                          William Mitchell Law Review

                                      2016

                          William Mitchell Law Review

                          42 Wm. Mitchell L. Rev. 1034

LENGTH: 14628 words

THE OUTSTATE PRACTITIONER: THIS LAND IS NOT FOR SALE

NAME: Derrick Braaten +

BIO: + Derrick Braaten is a partner with Baumstark Braaten Law Partners in
Bismarck, North Dakota. His practice focuses on representing farmers, ranchers,
and other landowners on issues related to agricultural, energy, real estate, and
environmental law. He has represented numerous landowner groups and individuals
in matters ranging from reviewing real estate documents to multi-jurisdictional
class action litigation.

TEXT:
 [*1035]

   I. Introduction


   In 2012, North Dakota surpassed every state except Texas in oil production.
n1 It is common knowledge that the oil boom has flooded the state with money and
allowed it to maintain impressive budget surpluses while other states in the
nation saw distinct budget shortfalls. n2 There are, however, many negative
impacts of the oil boom: farmers and ranchers dealing with the impacts of energy
development are often frustrated by a distinct disparity between the talk of
money flooding into the state, and what is perceived as a confusing parsimony
when it comes to compensating landowners for land that is taken or damaged by
the energy industry. n3

   This Article will provide background information regarding environmental
damage caused by energy development, n4 and will consider the remedies available
in North Dakota for landowners,  [*1036]  with comparisons to certain trends and
remedies around the country. n5 Further, it will argue that the remedies
generally available are in need of reconsideration, and that legal
interpretations asserted by the energy industry are often erroneous, and more
importantly, unnecessarily attempt to limit the recovery of landowners whose
land has been taken or damaged for energy development. n6 The Article will focus
on North Dakota law and cases, and the author's experience litigating on behalf
of landowners in North Dakota.

   II. Background

 In 2014, the New York Times reported that "for those who champion fossil fuels
as the key to America's energy independence, North Dakota is an unrivaled
success." n7 It also noted that "state leaders rarely mention the underside of
the boom and do not release even summary statistics about environmental
incidents and enforcement measures." n8 Between April 1, 2010, and July 1, 2014,
North Dakota's population grew by 9.9 percent, three times the rate of the
nation in general. n9 In recent years, North Dakota has had record budget
surpluses while the rest of the nation has struggled. n10 The budget surplus in
June of 2011 was $ 996.8 million, which was the highest end-of-biennium balance
in North Dakota's history. n11

   But while North Dakota's coffers have been full, not all North Dakotans have
benefited equally from the oil boom. For the owners of the surface of the land,
things do not always look as positive. According to one report, "more than 18.4
million gallons of oils and chemicals spilled, leaked or misted into the air,
soil and waters of North Dakota from 2006 through early October 2014." n12
Another more recent report in 2015 indicates that "the spill rate per well
[*1037]  almost tripled between 2004 and 2013. On average, more than two gallons
of this wastewater spill per minute in North Dakota." n13 Kris Roberts, an
inspector for the North Dakota Department of Health, told one reporter: "We have
pipeline leaks, lightning strikes, leaks at oil well sites, we have illegal
discharges by truckers who do not want to wait at saltwater disposal wells ... .
If there's a way it can happen, it probably will." n14 Dave Glatt is the head of
the North Dakota Department of Health's Environmental Health Section. n15 Mr.
Glatt stated that wastewater spills are his "biggest worry." n16 He said, "My
concern is, if we don't get a handle on this, if we don't have appropriate
remediation technologies, that we'll have a landscape that is pockmarked with
... dead zones." n17

   North Dakota regulators have taken heat for their comfortable relationship
with the oil industry and lack of enforcement. n18 Jeff Keller, a natural
resource manager for the Army Corps of Engineers, when asked about enforcement
by North Dakota state agencies, said "There's no enforcement ... . None." n19

    [*1038]  Putting aside a lack of enforcement, landowners are often left in
the lurch even if there is adequate enforcement of state regulations. Karl
Rockeman is the Director of the North Dakota Department of Health's Division of
Water Quality under the Environmental Health Section. n20 Mr. Rockeman responded
to questions about whether the Department of Health's remediation standards
protect landowners, and admitted under oath that "the department recognizes that
our standards are to protect water quality and that there may be subsequent
damage, loss of productivity, [and] other damages to personal property that are
outside of our scope of authority." n21 The Department of Health recently sent
out notice of draft remediation guidelines that state explicitly: "In order to
prevent loss of productivity on agricultural lands and subsequent private
property damage, lower constituent levels may be needed. These levels should be
negotiated between the landowner and responsible party and are not required by
the [North Dakota Department of Health]." n22

   One of the most surprising aspects of the oil boom, however, is that so many
of the negative impacts are borne by the owners of the surface lands, whose
rights are trumped by those of the mineral owners. n23 From the use of eminent
domain for oil pipelines to construction of well pads, there are several
situations in which a surface owner has no right to say "no" to development, and
is limited to the payment of damages. n24 As such, the way the legal system
views and quantifies the types of damages due to the owners of the land's
surface is crucial to developing oil and gas in a manner that is just and fair
for those living on the land. n25

   It is the author's experience that too often damages to surface owners are
limited by law, or at times, by the erroneous understandings and interpretations
of the law advocated by the oil and gas industry. n26 For example, in some
situations, North Dakota  [*1039]  law caps damages to real estate at the fair
market value of the land. n27 This leads to a certain mentality in the industry
that destruction of land is acceptable, so long as market value is paid. Thus,
an operator may spill saltwater on three acres of land, and if similar land
previously sold for $ 750 per acre, the operator simply offers $ 2,250 and
considers this fair. What the operator does not understand is that the land was
not for sale, and worse, the land may be sterilized for decades, meaning the
farmer will endure a loss of productive value that may exceed the fair market
value of that land. The following sections of this Article will address some of
the situations in which courts are tasked with determining the damages to
surface owners, and it will discuss the positive and negative aspects of both
current law and potential changes to current law.

   III. Eminent Domain: Problems and Solutions Related to Just Compensation

 In eminent domain cases, it is always the situation that the landowner is
having her land taken against her will. Traditional appraisal methodologies
often result in a conclusion that there are no damages for certain purposes
associated with energy development, such as electric transmission lines and oil
and gas pipelines. n28 This creates an obvious conflict with the constitutional
requirement that landowners receive "just compensation" for the taking of their
land. n29

   The infrastructure necessary for oil and gas development was, to a great
extent, underdeveloped in North Dakota when the boom got underway. Certain
projects, such as Enbridge's Sandpiper pipeline, Basin Electric Power
Cooperative's recent transmission line, and the proposed Dakota Access pipeline,
are among the types of projects authorized by statute to take land by eminent
domain under the power of the State. n30 While statutory authority  [*1040]
exists for these projects to use eminent domain, that authority is not
unassailable. n31 Landowners may challenge the use of eminent domain for these
projects, n32 but most eminent domain cases will focus on the valuation of the
property being taken. n33

   This valuation then becomes crucial to assuring that the landowner obtains an
appropriate remedy for the taking.

   A. The Problem with Standard Appraisal Methodology

 North Dakota law requires that, "as far as practicable, compensation must be
assessed separately for property actually taken and for damages to that which is
not taken." n34 This analysis becomes difficult to apply in the situation of a
partial taking for a  [*1041]  transmission line or pipeline. Responding to this
potential confusion, the Supreme Court of North Dakota set forth a common
valuation methodology in Northern States Power Co. v. Effertz:



   It would be simpler, less confusing, or in other words much more practicable
to award compensation upon the basis of the damage done to [a] tract ... to the
remainder of the farm unit. The damage to the tract, whatever its size, would
simply be the difference between its reasonable market value before the [damage]
and its reasonable market value thereafter. Such an award would give the land
owner full compensation without requiring the jury to make difficult, confusing
and sometimes impossible computations. n35

 The determination of market value, however, is what creates the inadequacy with
damages in these situations. The standard appraisal methodology, called the
comparable sales approach, requires the appraiser to find sales of similar
properties close in time to the subject property and assess the value based on
those sales. n36 Combining this with the methodology described in the Effertz
case, the methodology is to determine the loss in market value based on sales
without a similar encumbrance and reduce it based on the market value of sales
of similar land with a similar encumbrance.

   The problem with this methodology becomes clear when real estate appraisers
start offering opinions in eminent domain cases. The standard appraisal
methodology often results in a landowner receiving little more than nominal
compensation, if that. n37 Many appraisers come to the conclusion that there is
no impact on the value of the land. n38 There are, however, other effective ways
for landowners to present evidence regarding the just compensation they are due
when their land is taken, such as offering testimony of compensation paid for
easements similar to those being taken via eminent domain. n39

    [*1042]  Wyoming is one state that has addressed valuation issues explicitly
through its eminent domain laws. Under Wyoming law:



   (i) The fair market value of property for which there is a relevant market is
the price which would be agreed to by an informed seller who is willing but not
obligated to sell, and an informed buyer who is willing but not obligated to
buy;



(ii) The fair market value of property for which there is no relevant market is
its value as determined by any method of valuation that is just and equitable;



(iii) The determination of fair market value shall use generally accepted
appraisal techniques and may include:



(A) The value determined by appraisal of the property performed by a certified
appraiser;



(B) The price paid for other comparable easements or leases of comparable type,
size and location on the same or similar property;



(C) Values paid for transactions of comparable type, size and location by other
public or private entities in arms length transactions for comparable
transactions on the same or similar property. n40

 Commenting specifically on the provision that allows for evidence of comparable
easements, the Supreme Court of Wyoming recognized:



   In some cases a partial taking may not reduce the value of the remaining
property, at least according to some generally accepted appraisal techniques. By
offering an alternative method for measuring just compensation when there is a
partial taking which does not result in a reduction in value of the remaining
property, the legislature assured a property owner would at least receive
compensation for the value of the land taken. n41

 While North Dakota's eminent domain laws are not as specific as Wyoming's, they
do allow for the same type of evidence. n42 North Dakota law states, inter alia,
that

    [*1043]

the jury, or court, or referee, if a jury is waived, must hear such legal
testimony as may be offered by any of the parties to the proceedings and
thereupon must ascertain and assess[] the value of the property sought to be
condemned and all improvements thereon pertaining to the realty and of each and
every separate estate or interest therein. If it consists of different parcels,
the value of each parcel and each estate and interest therein shall be
separately assessed. n43

 An easement can be construed as "the ... property sought to be condemned" and
can also be subsumed by the language referring to "each estate and interest
therein." n44 North Dakota's pattern jury instruction for damage valuation in an
eminent domain case provides additional support for this position. It states
that "just compensation for the property actually taken is the fair market value
of that property ... ." n45 ""Fair market value' is the highest price for which
the property can be sold in the open market by a willing seller to a willing
purchaser, neither party acting under compulsion and both exercising reasonable
judgment." n46 Wyoming, for example, has recognized in its statutes that the
fair market value of other similar easements is one of the best indicators of
the fair market value of an easement being taken through eminent domain
proceedings. n47 The pattern jury instruction from North Dakota also makes it
clear that "the determination of value in a condemnation proceeding is not a
matter of a formula or artificial rules, but of sound judgment and discretion
based upon [the juror's] consideration of all the relevant facts in a particular
case." n48

   Despite the language in North Dakota's law and that of the pattern jury
instruction, the author's experience is that operators will argue that other
easements are not competent evidence. n49 While these arguments have not always
prevailed, n50 it would be  [*1044]  beneficial for landowners if the North
Dakota Legislative Assembly amended its eminent domain laws in the explicit
manner that was accomplished in Wyoming. The Wyoming statute recognizes what
many would consider common sense: If you want to know that market value of an
easement being taken by eminent domain, the best evidence is consideration of
other similar easements actually bought on the open market.

   B. Evidentiary Challenges to Eminent Domain Valuations: The Story of Botsford
and Basin Electric Power Cooperative

 Specific examples of evidentiary challenges by condemnors illuminate why it is
helpful for eminent domain valuation laws to be as explicit as in Wyoming.

   1. North Dakota Pipeline Company v. James and Krista Botsford: Under North
Dakota Law, Easement Offers from the Condemnor Should Be Admissible

 In a recent high-profile case in North Dakota, North Dakota Pipeline Co., LLC
v. Botsford, the North Dakota Pipeline Company (NDPC) sought to condemn an
easement over the Botsfords' property for an oil pipeline. n51 The dispute arose
from the Botsfords' refusal to grant an easement over their land for NDPC's
Sandpiper pipeline. n52

   According to one report, the Botsfords refused to grant the easement because
they "did not want to participate in a private enterprise that would increase
global warming and threaten the lives of [their] heirs. This was a moral
imperative ... ." n53 After Mr. Botsford suggested to a company representative
that they go around his property, he said that the representative responded,
[*1045]  "Enbridge [doesn't] go around anything - they go through it." n54 In
the end, NDPC was granted the right to exercise eminent domain and a trial was
held on the issue of just compensation. n55

   NDPC had made an offer to the Botsfords for the easement and the Botsfords
sought to introduce the offer at trial. n56 NDPC argued that its offer for the
easement should be excluded as evidence under rule 408 of the North Dakota Rules
of Evidence, n57 which prohibits introduction of offers of compromise as
evidence. n58 NDPC argued as follows:



   Evidence of pre-condemnation offers is not admissible to prove just
compensation at trial. North Dakota Rule of Evidence 408, subdivision (a)(l),
bars evidence that a party offered "valuable consideration in ... attempting to
compromise" a claim, if the evidence is offered "to prove ... the amount of a
disputed claim." Similarly, "conduct [and] statements made during compromise
negotiations" cannot be offered to prove or disprove the validity of an amount
in controversy. "The policy underlying this rule is the furtherance of
compromise and settlement of disputes among parties." It reflects a
determination that "open and effective discussions of compromise" are only
possible where "the parties know in advance that they will not jeopardize their
case by fully  [*1046]  discussing all aspects of a claim." NDPC's
pre-litigation offer was intended to obtain an easement in the Botsfords fee
property without resorting to litigation. The declarations contained in the
offer constitute "conduct" and "statements" made during compromise negotiations;
they are, therefore, inadmissible. Furthermore, under North Dakota law, offers
of compromise made before the filing of an action are still barred by Rule 408.
Therefore, it is of no legal consequence that the offer predated initiation of
the condemnation proceedings. n59

 The Botsfords responded, arguing that NDPC's offer to the Botsfords is not an
"offer to compromise" that is covered by Rule 408. n60 Although NDPC referred to
its offer as an "offer to compromise," it failed to address the specifics of the
actual offer, as well as the specific legal context in which the offer was made,
both of which show that it was not, indeed, an offer to compromise.

   It is illuminating to examine the actual easement offer that NDPC sought to
exclude. It stated: "NDPL hereby offers to you the amount of Thirty Eight
Thousand Sixty Two dollars ($ 38,062.00) as full monetary compensation for the
easement and workspace land value." n61 The offer also indicates that it is an
"offer to purchase an easement." n62 On the third page of the offer, it lists
the documents enclosed, one of which is titled "Grand Forks County Market
Analysis Summary." n63 Below the listed item, it explains, "This Market Analysis
Summary is enclosed to support the valuation as it was applied to your property,
and is for your review." n64

   NDPC cited to McCormick on Evidence, section 274, in support of its position,
but in its argument it left out a much more important and pertinent part of the
discussion from that treatise. As stated in that treatise:

    [*1047]

To call into play the exclusionary rule, there must be an actual dispute, or at
least an apparent difference of view between the parties as to the validity or
amount of the claim. An offer to pay an admitted claim is not privileged. There
is no policy of encouraging compromises of undisputed claims. They should be
paid in full. n65

 There was no question that NDPC was required to pay just compensation to the
Botsfords in the condemnation proceeding. n66 The fact that the Botsfords were
attempting to submit NDPC's offer as evidence makes it clear that the Botsfords
did not dispute that the amount offered was sufficient to evidence just
compensation for the easement. Therefore, the claim was undisputed, and should
have been paid in full as per NDPC's offer of just compensation, and the
exclusionary rule cited by NDPC is inapplicable.

   Further, the mandate of North Dakota Century Code section 32-15-06.1 cannot
be ignored. This section first requires the following: "Before initiating
negotiations for the purchase of property, the condemnor shall establish an
amount which it believes to be just compensation therefor and promptly shall
submit to the owner an offer to acquire the property for the full amount so
established." n67 Additionally, "the condemnor shall provide the owner of the
property with ... a written statement and summary, showing the basis for the
amount it established as just compensation for the property." n68 NDPC's offer
indicated that it was intended to comply with this mandate. n69 After indicating
the amount of the offer, NDPC explained that "the enclosed Calculation Sheet and
Statement of Value and Summary explain how this amount was determined." n70
Included with the offer was NDPC's "Grand Forks County Market Analysis Summary,"
which NDPC explained to the Botsfords was a "Market Analysis Summary ... [which]
supports the valuation as it was applied to your  [*1048]  property ... ." n71
As is required by section 32-15-06.1(2), NDPC established through its analysis
what it believed to be "just compensation," and then forwarded this offer to the
Botsfords. Therefore, there was no better evidence of "the value of the property
sought to be condemned" n72 - in this case, an easement over the Botsford's
land.

   The requirement that a condemnor determine what it believes to be "just
compensation" should not be an idle act. If a condemnor follows the dictate of
this law, then there is no question that its original offer based on its
determination should be the floor for establishing just compensation for the
taking.

   2. Basin Electric Power Cooperative v. Wayne Hauge: Easement Offers from
Third Parties Should Be Admissible

   a. Easement Offers Are Competent Evidence of Market Value

 Another challenge to traditional appraisal methodology in North Dakota recently
came in Basin Electric Power Cooperative v. Wayne Hauge. n73 Basin Electric
Power Cooperative (Basin) filed an action to condemn an easement for an electric
transmission line across Mr. Hauge's property. n74 Mr. Hauge's resistance to the
taking was based on the fact that the land over which Basin wanted an easement
was his family's homestead, and he had made a decision to never allow another
easement on that land. n75 Nonetheless, Basin was allowed to take an easement
via eminent domain authority, and Mr. Hauge found himself at a trial regarding
just compensation for the taking. n76 One of the issues at the trial, however,
was whether Mr. Hauge could offer testimony regarding other easements he had
negotiated on his land. n77 As was argued, no one knows the land better than the
landowner himself. n78

    [*1049]  Mr. Hauge intended to submit other easement offers as evidence of
the market value for the easement Basin sought to take, and Basin objected that
in the other transactions, the company buying the pipeline easement was not a
"willing buyer." n79 The court allowed Mr. Hauge to testify as to the value of
the other easements, and Basin was allowed to cross-examine and produce its own
evidence in rebuttal. n80 An appraiser hired by Basin testified that when a
company is seeking an easement for a pipeline or transmission line route, the
company is limited to a linear corridor and therefore is not a willing buyer.
n81 On cross-examination, however, the appraiser admitted that the company was
the one who chose the route, and was able to deviate from the route if it so
chose. n82 In the end, the issue of whether a company in another transaction was
or was not a willing buyer is a fact issue, the determination of which should be
made by the fact-finder.

   b. Landowner Testimony Regarding Market Value Is Subject to
Cross-Examination, But Should Not Be Excluded Based on Foundation

 Landowners are given significant latitude in North Dakota to testify on the
issue of valuation of real property. "The general rule is that an owner of
property may testify without qualification other than the fact of ownership as
to its value." n83 This rule holds true not only in North Dakota, but in
numerous other jurisdictions. n84 This is an exception to the rule that lay
witnesses typically may not offer opinion testimony. n85 While not controlling
precedent in all jurisdictions, in response to the apparent concerns of
condemnors who might object to such lay opinion testimony, the Supreme  [*1050]
Court of Arkansas offered a helpful and concise explanation of the rule:



   Of course, such opinion testimony, either by the landowner or his value
witnesses, may be stricken on motion if there is no fair or logical basis for
its support. Once the landowner or his qualified expert witness has expressed
into evidence his opinion as to fair market values, the burden then shifts to
the condemnor to show by cross-examination that the landowner or the witnesses
has no logical basis to support his opinion before such testimony is subject to
being stricken from the record on motion. If on cross-examination, the condemnor
is unable to draw from the landowner or his expert witness more than a weak or
questionable basis for his opinion, that fact has a bearing on the weight to be
given the testimony by the jury, and the testimony should not be stricken on
motion. n86

 The Supreme Court of North Dakota has stated that the "liberal rule that
permits an owner to testify concerning the value of his property is based upon a
presumed familiarity with the subject, acquired from having purchased it or from
having gained a knowledge in some other way, sufficient to qualify him." n87

   C. Courts Should Continue Liberally Applying the Landowner Testimony Rule
Based Upon the Landowner's Presumed Familiarity with the Land and Its Value

 Although North Dakota and other jurisdictions have liberal rules that allow
landowners to testify as to the value of their own property, there will always
be condemnors and other parties who will attempt to restrict that testimony as
much as possible, as exemplified by the arguments made by NDPC and Basin. As the
Wyoming Legislature explicitly recognized, however, there are times when the
typical appraisal methodology of looking at the parcel of land before and after
the hypothetical easement results in nominal or no compensation for the
landowner. n88 Indeed, North  [*1051]  Dakota's Constitution, like many other
state constitutions, states that "private property shall not be taken or damaged
for public use without just compensation having been first made to, or paid into
court for the owner ... ." n89 It is simply not possible for just compensation
to be "first made to [the landowner] or paid into court" if the condemnor's
appraiser is correct that there is no loss to the value of the land, and
therefore no payment whatsoever to make to the landowner or deposit with the
court. As such, the courts need to recognize a liberal rule allowing landowners
to testify, especially considering that the landowners are typically being sued
by large entities who can afford to hire expensive appraisers, which was the
case in Basin Electric.

   IV. Damages to Real Estate: Problems and Solutions Related to Adequate
Compensation for Damages Arising from Oil and Gas Development

 There are also problems with valuation of damages to real estate outside of the
eminent domain context, specifically because the concept of diminution in market
value is still pertinent to these valuations. Although there is a separate body
of case law and different laws that apply, the energy industry applies the same
reasoning to the damage it causes outside of the context of eminent domain.

   In North Dakota and in some other states, practitioners in the oil and gas
industry typically distinguish between expected damages from construction of
well pads and access roads, and other unanticipated damages from, for example,
oil and saltwater spills. n90 As will be explained, oil and gas operators
typically have certain rights to use of the surface, and that use only gives
rise to damages when a statute creates the right for damages. n91 On the other
hand, if the use of the land goes beyond the rights of the operator to use
[*1052]  the surface for production, such as with a spill, then common law
actions are available. n92

   A. The Split Estate and the Implied Easement

 To understand the interplay between these different categories of damages and
corresponding rights, it is necessary to understand the nature of the split
estate. A split estate refers to a situation in which the owner of the surface
of land is different than the owner of the minerals. n93 The mineral estate is
dominant over the surface estate, and the mineral estate affords its owner an
implied servitude for access to and use of the surface estate. n94 Additionally,
the granting of an oil and gas lease by a mineral owner gives the lessee under
such a lease these same rights. n95



   Whether the express uses are set out or not, the mere granting of the lease
creates and vests in the lessee the dominant estate in the surface of the land
for the purposes of the lease; by implication it grants the lessee the use of
the surface to the extent necessary to a full enjoyment of the grant. n96

 Landowners in North Dakota and their attorneys are faced with myriad issues
when the fee simple absolute estate is severed, particularly with respect to
minerals such as oil and gas. The fee simple estate can be split by a
reservation of minerals in a deed or other conveyance, or by a grant of any or
all of the minerals underlying the surface estate. n97 "Minerals in place are
land, and may be conveyed as other lands are conveyed." n98 "After severance,
the surface and minerals are held by separate and distinct titles in severalty,
and each is a freehold estate of inheritance." n99

    [*1053]  Different strata and different minerals may be severed separately.
n100 The most common situation in the North Dakota oil patch is a split estate
involving one person who owns the surface estate, and one or more others who own
the mineral rights underlying that surface estate. n101 Landowners and their
lawyers must understand the basic rights that belong to the owner of the surface
estate and the owner of the mineral estate.

   The rights granted to the dominant estate owner are limited: "The rights of
the owner of the mineral estate are limited to so much of the surface and such
use thereof as are reasonably necessary to explore, develop, and transport the
materials." n102

   In Getty Oil Co. v. Jones, the seminal case regarding the rights of the
mineral owner in a split estate situation, the Texas Supreme Court explained the
concept of due regard, and adopted what has come to be known as the
"accommodation doctrine." n103 Essentially, the accommodation doctrine requires
due regard for the surface  [*1054]  owner and his use of the property. n104
While the mineral owner may have the right to do what is reasonably necessary to
obtain production of the minerals, if there are alternatives available to the
mineral developer, some of which harm the surface use, and some which do not,
the mineral developer generally must utilize the alternative that does not
disrupt the surface use. n105

   Jurisdictions vary in the degree to which they apply the concept of "due
regard" or "reasonable accommodation," more frequently known as the
"accommodation doctrine." Prior to the Texas Supreme Court's decision in Getty
Oil, Texas followed the unidimensional "reasonably necessary" test. n106 Many
states, including North Dakota, have now adopted the accommodation doctrine.
n107 A closer look at the language in Hunt Oil helps shed light on the position
North Dakota has taken regarding the accommodation doctrine:



   We agree a pure balancing test is not involved under the accommodation
doctrine where no reasonable alternatives are available. Where alternatives do
exist, however, the concepts of due regard and reasonable necessity do require a
weighing of the different alternatives against the inconveniences to the surface
owner. Therefore, once alternatives are shown to exist a balancing of the
mineral and surface owner's interest does occur. n108

  [*1055]  Thus, the North Dakota Supreme Court agreed with Texas insofar as it
did not adopt a pure balancing test, but it went further than the Getty Oil
court. Specifically, the court held by that, where alternatives exist, there is
a balancing that takes place between the potential alternatives to the developer
and the inconveniences to the surface owner. n109

   B. Damages Arising from Well Site and Infrastructure Development

   1. Compensation Statutes and North Dakota's Surface Damages Act

 Pursuant to the common law discussed above, there was also no legal requirement
for a mineral developer to pay damages to the surface owner if its use of the
surface fell within its rights under the implied easement. Prior to the adoption
of certain statutes in many of the oil-producing states, "the rights of the
surface owner were perceived as being limited to seeking relief in tort if the
mineral owners [sic] use of the surface was unreasonable or negligent." n110

    [*1056]  Due to the perceived inequities of this situation, many states have
passed surface damage compensation acts requiring compensation even if the
mineral owner has an implied easement or an express lease. North Dakota passed
the Oil and Gas Production Damage Compensation Act (Surface Damage Act), which
provided, inter alia, a requirement that mineral developers compensate surface
estate owners for damage arising from construction of well pads and access
roads. n111 The "purpose of [the Surface Damage Act] is to provide the maximum
amount of constitutionally permissible protection to surface owners and other
persons from the undesirable effects of development of minerals." n112 The
primary provisions of the Surface Damage Act provide various requirements for
mineral developers to apprise surface owners of anticipated activities, and most
importantly, to pay damages for damage to the surface estate arising from
drilling and production operations. n113

   Although litigation in the state district courts is frequent, there are only
a handful of reported decisions on the Surface Damage Act in North Dakota. One
case brought pursuant to this statute, Kartch v. EOG Resources, Inc., was the
subject of a summary judgment decision in the U.S. District Court for the
District of North Dakota. n114 The court ruled on several damage items in a
manner inconsistent with the intent and purpose of the Surface Damage Act.

   In Kartch, the court considered claims for "(1) excessive noise; (2)
contamination of soil and water; (3) diminished air quality, use of flare, and
excessive odors; (4) excessive litter; and (5) storage of unnecessary
equipment." n115

   With respect to the excessive noise, the surface owner testified:



   I can hear that generator running in my home with the windows closed. I can
hear that generator running virtually - I can hear the generator running from
every corner of any piece of property I own there. It appears to  [*1057]  run
consistently. It is very loud. And it prevents enjoyment of my property.

 ... .



   It disrupts my ability to sleep. It disrupts my ability to recreate or enjoy
or work on my property. It constantly runs. n116

 The U.S. District Court addressed the surface owners' complaints, stating that



   while the Kartches complain that the noise produced by the generator is
excessive and hinders their ability to enjoy the property, they do not claim
that the noise is inordinate or exceeds the normal level of noise created by
generators on active oil wells in North Dakota. A certain amount of noise is
inevitable in oil production. n117

 Similarly, with respect to the flare on the property, the court simply stated
that such flaring is customary in the oil industry in North Dakota and is
therefore not a nuisance. n118

   The court also found that "the litter of which the Kartches complain does not
appear to be a persistent problem, nor does it cause the unsanitary conditions
that rise to the level of a nuisance," and that "as a matter of law, that
"run-of-the-mill litter' at the well site did not constitute a nuisance under
North Dakota law." n119 Finally, the court found that equipment stored at the
well site also did not constitute a nuisance. n120 This conclusion fails to
acknowledge the specific purpose of the Surface Damage Act.

   While the court recognized that the Kartches' pleadings disclosed nuisance
claims, it also recognized that these claims were made pursuant to and were
subsumed under the Surface Damage Act. n121 The court noted that "it is clear
that mineral developers are responsible for damages "resulting from a nuisance
caused by drilling operations.'" n122

   The district court's analysis is not entirely inconsistent with nuisance law
in North Dakota, but its analysis fails to take into account the need for
interpreting a nuisance through the lens of  [*1058]  the Surface Damage Act. In
other words, a nuisance within the context of damages alleged pursuant to the
Surface Damage Act should be analyzed differently than a nuisance claim
unrelated to oil and gas drilling and production operations. The North Dakota
Attorney General referred to testimony about the Surface Damage Act in a 2007
opinion:



   [The oil and gas company] usually but not always ... makes a one time offer
to the surface owner for actual surface damage. In the event of a dry hole the
compensation may be fair ... but in the event of production, which may be for 20
or 30 years of [sic] more, the surface owner gets no consideration unless the
producer volunteers or the surface owner has to sue in each instance and prove
his claim ... . We are reluctant to be operating under present practices where
the surface owner has to sue in every instance where he feels he has been
damaged, and must prove his claim ... . The trouble with a one time settlement
is that there is no way to determine years in advance what actual damage, let
alone intangible damages might be. For instance, odor in the air, management
practices, working around oil equipment, danger to health of humans and
livestock, loss of water wells and springs. Then too, salt and oil spills,
corrosion on metal buildings, machinery and wire by hydrogen sulfide gas, loss
of use of surface, cattle passes, roads, pipelines and traffic, flair [sic]
outs, fires, pollution, trespassing and depreciated value of surface. n123

 These were precisely the type of damages alleged by the surface owners in
Kartch, and the Surface Damage Act should not be interpreted to have the same
constraints as a common law nuisance claim.

   The interpretation of the district court in Kartch fails to acknowledge that
the Surface Damage Act was intended to compensate surface owners for precisely
the types of damages the court disallowed. By ruling that the noise from EOG's
generator was not a nuisance because the noise did not "exceed[] the normal
level of noise created by generators on active oil wells in North Dakota," n124
the court frustrated the intent of the North Dakota Legislative Assembly. The
Assembly recognized that oil and gas  [*1059]  production brings additional
noise, gas flares can be loud and often emit a noxious smell, and that
additional traffic servicing the oil field can be a nuisance to the people
living in the oilfield, and it intended that they be compensated for these
things. n125 To limit recovery because such nuisances are common in the oilfield
misses the point. The only limits the Assembly intended to allow to the damages
a surface owner can recover are constitutional limits. n126

   2. Unforeseen Environmental Damages

 Although most claims related to oilfield damages are encompassed by North
Dakota Century Code chapter 38-11.1, some of the extraordinary damages
occasioned by pipeline ruptures and well blowouts can also be brought under
different legal theories, such as trespass. There is a common restriction on
damages to real estate, however, which typically limits damages for restoration
of the property when those damages exceed the diminution in the fair market
value of the property. n127 As previously discussed, this rule creates a warped
perspective for operators in which the only ramification of destroying land is
to pay its market value based on past agricultural sales, even when the land was
not for sale. n128

   a. Some Jurisdictions Have Recognized the Problem with a Fair Market Value
Cap and Adjusted Accordingly

 Some courts have changed their thinking on damages to real property arising
from oil and gas production, doing away with a concrete restriction on
restoration damages. For example, in Ruffatto v. EOG Resources, Inc., a federal
district court in Montana applied the diminution in value damage cap to a
surface damage act substantially similar to North Dakota's. n129 The Ruffatto
opinion,  [*1060]  however, invoked a now outdated interpretation of Montana law
regarding damages for injury to real property. Montana's current interpretation
allows for damages beyond simply the fair market value of the affected property.

   In Ruffatto, the court referred to the "general rule in Montana ... that the
measure of damages for permanent injuries to real property is the difference
between the value of the property before and after the injury." n130 But, after
Ruffatto, Montana's view of this rule changed, in part because the courts
recognized that a fair market value cap created a disincentive to restore land.
n131 In a recent decision, the Montana Supreme Court explained:



   Montana formerly followed the presumption that diminution in market value
constituted the appropriate measure of damages for injury to property. The Court
always had recognized, however, that no single measure of damages can serve in
every case to compensate adequately an injured party. Our decision in Sunburst
officially rejected any one-size-fits-all approach to property damages. A review
of the circumstances giving rise to the decision in Sunburst to broaden the
available remedies in property damages cases provides helpful guidance in
resolving [the plaintiff's] claim. n132

 In the Sunburst decision, referred to above, the Montana Supreme Court
acknowledged that fair market value often does not provide a complete picture of
the scope of damages for injury to real property in all cases:



   It is clear that the market value of land will not always correspond directly
to a plaintiff's damages resulting from an injury to real property, thus
rendering diminution in market value an inadequate measure of the property's
worth to the owner. Other courts have acknowledged that "the loss in market
value is a poor gauge of damage" when the property gains its principal value
from personal use rather than for pecuniary gain." n133

  [*1061]  The Montana Supreme Court elaborated on Sunburst in another case,
Lampi v. Speed. n134 The Lampi court explained that in Sunburst, Texaco operated
a gasoline refinery near Sunburst, Montana, and had a leak that contaminated the
water and soil in a neighboring town. n135 Residents sought damages sufficient
to restore their property, and Texaco argued that it should only have to pay the
market value of the land it had contaminated. n136 The court instructed the jury
to award damages sufficient to restore the property, noting that "little
incentive would exist for tortfeasors to prevent or remediate contamination,
especially in parts of Montana where property values are relatively low, if
restoration damages could not exceed a property's market value." n137 The court
concluded that "statutory and common laws, such as environmental laws can compel
repair or restoration costs in excess of the diminution in market value." n138

   The detailed discussion of Sunburst in Lampi makes it clear that current
Montana law supports the Restatement's position that fair market value does not
cap a landowner's damages in every case. n139 The Montana Supreme Court in
Sunburst joined "other jurisdictions in adopting the flexible guidelines of the
Restatement (Second) of Torts § 929, and comment b, for the calculation of
damages to real property to ensure that plaintiffs receive a proper remedy for
their injuries." n140

   Returning to Kartch v. EOG Resources, Inc., which was brought under North
Dakota's Surface Damage Act, the U.S. District Court for the District of North
Dakota agreed that damages were not capped by diminution in value for a claim
brought under North Dakota Century Code chapter 38-11.1. The court relied on the
text of the Surface Damages Act, however, and not the Restatement relied upon by
the Supreme Court of Montana, finding "that compensable damages under North
Dakota Century Code section 38-11.1-04 are not necessarily capped by the fair
market value of the  [*1062]  surface estate." n141 Although courts in other
jurisdictions have begun to recognize the need for restoration damages in
situations where oil and gas contamination occurs, this is not universal, and is
not necessarily the case in North Dakota outside of chapter 38-11.1. n142 The
underlying purpose of damages in our tort system should address both the need
for compensation to injured parties as well as deterrence of situations giving
rise to such damages.

   b. North Dakota Courts Are Substantially Limited Because the Fair Market
Value Cap Is Statutory

 It is significant to note that Montana changed its view on scope of damages
even though its oil and gas surface damage compensation law does not include the
strong language of North Dakota's law with regard to its intent and purpose.
n143 North Dakota's statute states clearly that "the purpose of this chapter
[is] to provide the maximum amount of constitutionally permissible protection to
surface owners and other persons from the undesirable effects of development of
minerals." n144 The Supreme Court of North Dakota has also cited favorably to
section 929 of the Restatement (Second) of Torts, which was relied upon in part
by the Supreme Court of Montana in refusing to limit damages based on market
value or diminution in value. n145 The rule in North Dakota, however, has
[*1063]  questionable application to different statutes as discussed, and an
explicit amendment to section 32-03-09.1 of North Dakota Century Code
specifically excluding real property from its application would make the law
clear and it would be helpful in avoiding litigation over interpretive issues.

   V. Although the Legal System Has Made Progress in Addressing the Fairness of
Remedies for Surface Owners, More Is Needed.

 The oil and gas industry has often argued for limitations on damages that are
awarded to surface owners. There are an abundance of policy reasons to resist
the pressure to do so. For example, with respect to North Dakota's Surface
Damage Act, one mineral developer argued that the statute was unconstitutional
because, inter alia, it did not require a surface owner to apply damage payments
to land restoration, and therefore was not forwarding the public policy of
protecting agricultural land. n146 The Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals
disagreed, explaining as follows:



   Nor does the absence of a requirement that compensated surface owners apply
damage payments to restorative purposes render the statute incapable of
advancing the public welfare. The requirement that mineral developers compensate
surface owners for damage they cause may well serve as an incentive for
developers not to drill, and thereby disrupt surface uses, where drilling is not
likely to yield enough oil or gas to justify the loss to the economy from
disruption of surface productivity. The compensation requirement might also
create an incentive for developers not to cause unnecessary surface damage, and
to remedy any damage - avoidable or unavoidable - they may cause without
necessitating resort to the courts by surface owners suing under the terms of a
lease or under the common law of negligence. n147

  [*1064]  This is not the only time the industry has attempted to limit damages
in such a way. One striking example comes from a Louisiana case and legislative
amendments. n148 J. Michael Veron has written about a saga in Louisiana he
handled, referred to as the "Corbello litigation." n149 In that litigation, the
defendant oil and gas operators argued that the landowner should not be entitled
to restoration damages because it was not certain that the landowner would
actually use the money to restore the land. n150 The landowners agreed to escrow
a portion of their damages specifically to be used for cleanup. n151 Once a plan
was agreed upon, the landowners discovered they needed what they believed was a
standard permit from the Army Corps of Engineers. n152 As Mr. Veron has
explained:



    In a remarkable turn of events, the Corbello consultant was informed that
the permit was not being issued. Instead, he was summoned to a meeting in Baton
Rouge with [Army] Corps of Engineers representatives, as well as representatives
from state agencies. When he arrived, he was surprised to find one of Shell's
attorneys from the trial at the meeting, as well as an attorney representing
Exxon. No one explained to the landowners' representative why oil company
lawyers had been invited to the meeting or what right they had to discuss
whether a wetlands permit should be issued to allow the landowners to begin
cleaning up their property.



 It soon became apparent that the attorneys were there to oppose the landowners'
plans. While they were excluded from the meeting at the landowners' insistence,
they were invited to meet with the regulators separately afterward. While the
exact nature of the oil companies' opposition was not disclosed to the
landowners, it was unquestionably effective: Despite repeated efforts over the
following year, the landowners were never able to obtain a permit. n153

  [*1065]  This outcome defies common sense, and is an alarming example of the
need for a hard look at the influence of the oil and gas industry on landowner
remedies.

   Thus, there have been some improvements in the law, recognized by shifts in
the thinking of Montana courts regarding the fair market value cap, and the
explicit recognition in Wyoming that comparable easements are acceptable
measures of fair market value. On the other hand, there remains significant
pressure from the oil and gas industry to constrain the legal remedies available
to landowners, as is appallingly exemplified by Mr. Veron's experience in
Louisiana. North Dakota is similar in that it has made improvements, such as
adopting North Dakota Century Code chapter 38-11.1 to address compensation for
surface owners, and it also has an eminent domain statute that can be
interpreted to allow the comparable easement testimony that is explicitly
recognized in Wyoming. It is imperative, however, that all three branches of
government in North Dakota recognize that there are still significant hindrances
to providing complete justice to landowners faced with the negative impacts of
the oil boom. Courts have interpreted chapter 38-11.1 to constrain damages
beyond what was intended by the Legislative Assembly, something that both North
Dakota courts and the legislative branch can, but have not, addressed. While
courts have allowed landowner testimony regarding third party easements, other
courts have refused to allow testimony about condemnor offers of just
compensation. There is significant room for improvement, and so far it does not
appear that any relief for landowners will be forthcoming from the executive
branch. What is certain is that a myopic focus on past sales of agricultural
land is not the way forward with respect to compensating landowners for the
damages caused by oil and gas development.

   The unique nature of real property is important to understanding the
necessity of providing adequate remedies to landowners beyond nominal damages
based on arbitrary views of market value. For example, the Restatement (Second)
of Contracts recognizes that contracts for the sale of land have historically
been given a "special place in the law of specific performance" because land is
unique and therefore "impossible of duplication by the use of any amount of
money." n154

    [*1066]  Judge Loren Smith, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Claims,
explained it as follows:



   First, the law considers each parcel of land unique. Unlike money, or most
personal property, it is not fungible. Its location can never be exactly
duplicated, and each location has a unique value. Second, the owner of land
rarely has the same degree of liquidity as the owner of personal property such
as stocks, bonds, gold, or the like. If someone does something I object to near
my land, I generally have to deal with that action, rather than shift my assets.
Third, people have deep emotional attachments to land that they rarely have
towards the other common types of wealth. Fourth, a piece of land is part of a
community, always connected to other land, and existing in a matrix of roads,
rivers, and the whole of civilized society. n155

 Mineral developers often look at past sales of agricultural land and assume
that is the value they must pay for destroying it. This assumption is based on
an incredibly misguided presumption: if a rancher is approached and asked to
lease or sell a parcel of land to his neighbor so that his neighbor can grow
wheat or run some cattle, the farmer will charge a certain price. If that
neighbor approached the rancher and asked to buy the land to dump sterilizing
wastewater or construct an industrial site on that land, the rancher would
probably say no - but on the off chance the answer was yes, the price would be
much greater.

   So when mineral developers argue that they need only pay the same rates as
past agricultural sales, they are saying to the landowner: "We're paying you the
market rate for those acres of agricultural land, or even more. You should be
happy." The landowner's response: This land was not for sale.

   VI. Conclusion

 The valuation of damages caused by energy development is exceptionally
important because it is often the only remedy available to landowners faced with
the negative impacts of such development. Surface owners typically view the
energy developers as guests on their property, but unfortunately, developers
more  [*1067]  often view themselves as the dominant property owner in the
situation. When surface owners lack the ability to control what is happening on
their own property, whether due to eminent domain laws or a severed mineral
estate, it is imperative that these landowners are at least compensated for the
true damage caused to their land, and their quality of life.

   The friction between developers attempting to minimize damage awards, and
landowners demanding full and just compensation for the actual disruption energy
development causes to their land and livelihoods has been played out in both the
judicial and legislative forums. This friction will continue in both forums, and
it is crucial for judges and lawmakers to recognize that this issue is not
simply a matter of the price of an acre of land. It is a matter of creating
policies and laws that protect the most important resources humanity has: our
air, our water, and our land.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawOil, Gas & Mineral InterestsGeneral OverviewReal Property
LawEminent Domain ProceedingsConstitutional Limits & RightsJust CompensationReal
Property LawLimited Use RightsEasementsCreationEasements Through Eminent Domain

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Stephen J. Lee, N.D. Becomes No. 2 Oil Producing State, Trailing Only
Texas, Bakken Today (May 16, 2012, 1:08 PM), http://www.bakkentoday.com/event
/article/id/33956.





n2.  See Dennis Cauchon, North Dakota Economy Booms, Population Soars, USA Today
(Mar. 17, 2011, 5:59 PM), http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/nation
/census/2011-03-16-north-dakota-census_N.htm.





n3.  See, e.g., Deborah Sontag & Robert Gebeloff, The Downside of the Boom, N.Y.
Times (Nov. 22, 2014), http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/11/23/us
/north-dakota-oil-boom-downside.html?_r=0.





n4.  See infra Part II.





n5.  See infra Parts III-IV.





n6.  See infra Part V.





n7.  Id.





n8.  Id.





n9.  See QuickFacts: North Dakota, U.S. Census Bureau, http://
quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/38000.html (last visited May 12, 2016).





n10.  See N.D. Office of Mgmt. & Budget, North Dakota REV-E-NEWS (2011),
https://www.nd.gov/omb/sites/omb/files/documents/newsletters /201109news.pdf.





n11.  Id.





n12.  Sontag & Gebeloff, supra note 3.





n13.  Emily Guerin, In North Dakota, Oilfield Spill Problems Worsen, Inside
Energy (Jan. 28, 2015),
http://insideenergy.org/2015/01/28/in-north-dakota-oilfield
-spill-problems-worsen.





n14.  Emily Guerin, Saltwater Spills Leave North Dakota Farmland Sterile for
Years, Inside Energy (Aug. 27, 2014),
http://insideenergy.org/2014/08/27/saltwater
-spills-leave-north-dakota-farmland-sterile-for-years.





n15.  Department Overview: Environmental Health Section, N.D. Dept. Health
[hereinafter Environmental Health Section], https://www.ndhealth.gov/DoH
/Overview (last visited May 12, 2016).





n16.  Guerin, supra note 13.





n17.  Id.





n18.  See Andrew Brown, Landowners from the Oil Patch Believe State Is Bowing to
Oil Companies, Threaten Litigation, Grand Forks Herald (Dec. 9, 2014), http://
www.grandforksherald.com/news-business/landowners-oil-patch-believe-state
-bowing-oil-companies-threaten-litigation-3631135; Emily Guerin, State Officials
Misrepresent North Dakota's Spill Problem, Inside Energy (Feb. 16, 2015),
http:// insideenergy.org/2015/02/16/state-officials-misrepresent
-north-dakotas-spill -problem; Nicholas Kusnetz, North Dakota's Oil Boom Brings
Damage Along with Prosperity, ProPublica (June 7, 2012, 9:47 AM),
http://www.propublica.org/article
/the-other-fracking-north-dakotas-oil-boom-brings-damage-along-with-prosperi;
Deborah Sontag, Where Oil and Politics Mix, N.Y. Times (Nov. 23, 2014), http://
www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/11/24/us/north-dakota-oil-boom-politics .html;
Tu-Uyen Tran, North Dakota Gets D-in 2015 State Integrity Investigation, WDAY6
(Nov. 11, 2015, 6:46 AM), http://www.wday.com/news/3880422-north
-dakota-gets-d-2015-state-integrity-investigation.





n19.  Kusnetz, supra note 18.





n20.  See Environmental Health Section, supra note 15.





n21.  Transcript of Rule 30(b)(6) Deposition of Karl Rockeman, In re Peterson v.
Ballantyne Oil, No. 20130537 (N.D. Indus. Comm'n Jan. 20, 2015) (on file with
author).





n22.  Div. Water Quality, N.D. Dep't of Health, Guidelines for the Assessment
and Cleanup of Saltwater Releases (Draft) (2014) (on file with author).





n23.  See infra Parts III-IV.





n24.  See infra Parts III-IV.





n25.  See infra Part V.





n26.  See, e.g., 1-2 Howard R. Williams & Charles J. Meyers, Oil and Gas Law §
218 (2015).





n27.  See N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 32-03-09.1 (West, Westlaw through 2015 Reg.
Sess. of the 64th Legis. Assemb.).





n28.  See, e.g., Thomas O. Jackson & Jennifer M. Pitts, The Effects of Electric
Transmission Lines on Property Values: A Literature Review, 18 J. Real Est.
Literature 239 (2010) (concluding that with use of paired sales analysis,
transmission lines and pipelines often have little to no impact on market
values).





n29.  See, e.g., N.D. Const. art. I, § 16.





n30.  See N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 32-15-02 (Westlaw). For further description of
selected oil and gas development projects, see Antelope Valley Station to Neset
Transmission Project, Basin Electric Power Cooperative, https://
www.basinelectric.com/Projects/North-Dakota-Transmission/index.html (last
visited May 12, 2016); Overview of the Dakota Access Pipeline, Energy Transfer,
http://www.daplpipelinefacts.com/about/overview.html (last visited May 15,
2016); Sandpiper Pipeline Project, Enbridge, http://www.enbridge.com
/SandpiperProject.aspx (last visited May 15, 2016).





n31.  See, e.g., Thompson v. Heineman, 857 N.W.2d 731, 765 (N.D. 2015) (citing
Tex. Rice Land Partners, Ltd. v. Denbury Green Pipeline-Tex., LLC, 363 S.W.3d
192 (Tex. 2012)); Square Butte Elec. Coop. v. Hilken, 244 N.W.2d 519, 523 (N.D.
1976) ("Where the existence or non-existence of public use is placed in issue,
the determination, dependent as it is upon the facts and circumstances of the
matter, is properly a judicial one."); see also, e.g., Cty. of Haw. v. C & J
Coupe Family Ltd. P'ship, 198 P.3d 615 (Haw. 2008); Vinegar Bend Lumber Co. v.
Oak Grove & G.R. Co., 43 So. 292, 294 (Miss. 1907) ("Whenever an attempt is made
to take private property for a use alleged to be public, the question whether
the contemplated use be public shall be a judicial question, and, as such,
determined without regard to legislative assertion that the use is public.");
Middletown Twp. v. Lands of Stone, 939 A.2d 331 (Pa. 2007); Tex. Rice Land
Partners, 363 S.W.3d at 194-95 (remanding to trial court after holding that "[a]
private enterprise cannot acquire unchallengeable condemnation power under
[Texas law] merely by checking boxes on a one-page form and self-declaring its
common-carrier status. Merely holding oneself out is insufficient under Texas
law to thwart judicial review").





n32.  See supra note 31.





n33.  See Paul W. Moomaw, Fire Sale! The Admissibility of Evidence of
Environmental Contamination to Determine Just Compensation in Washington Eminent
Domain Proceedings, 76 Wash. L. Rev. 1221, 1225 (2001) (citing William B.
Stoebuck, Real Estate: Property Law, in 17 Washington Practice, § 9.1 (1995))
("This portion of the proceeding tends to be the most hotly debated: the great
majority of eminent domain cases focus upon the issue of the proper measure of
just compensation.").





n34.  N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 32-15-22(5) (Westlaw).





n35.  N. States Power Co. v. Effertz, 94 N.W.2d 288, 294 (N.D. 1958).





n36.  See, e.g., 60 Am. Jur. Trials § 27 (1996).





n37.  See, e.g., Jackson & Pitts, supra note 28, at 258 (concluding that, with
use of paired sales analysis, transmission lines and pipelines often have little
to no impact on market values).





n38.  Id.





n39.  See infra Part III.





n40.  Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 1-26-704 (West, Westlaw through 2015 Gen. Sess.)
(emphasis added).





n41.  Barlow Ranch, Ltd. P'ship v. Greencore Pipeline Co., 301 P.3d 75, 84-85
(2013).





n42.  Compare Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 1-26-704 (Westlaw), with N.D. Cent. Code Ann. §
32-15-22 (West, Westlaw through 2015 Reg. Sess. of the 64th Legis. Assemb.).





n43.  N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 32-15-22(1) (Westlaw).





n44.  Id.





n45.  State Bar Ass'n of N.D., North Dakota Pattern Jury Instructions no. 75.05
(2014) [hereinafter N.D. Jury Instructions], https://www.sband.org
/UserFiles/files/pdfs/patternjuryinstruction/2014PatternJuryCivl.pdf.





n46.  Id.





n47.  See, e.g., Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 1-26-704(a)(iii)(B) (Westlaw).





n48.  N.D. Jury Instructions, supra note 45, at no. 75.05.





n49.  See infra notes 56-59, 77-82 and accompanying text.





n50.  See infra Section III.B. In the Basin Electric v. Wayne Hauge proceedings,
Judge Rustad allowed evidence of other easements to come into evidence. See
infra notes 73-77 and accompanying text.





n51.  N.D. Pipeline Co. LLC v. Botsford et al., No. 18-2014-CV-01058 (N.D. Dist.
Ct. Dec. 23, 2015), cert. granted, No. 20160017 (N.D. Jan. 1, 2016).





n52.  NDPC is a joint venture between Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. and
Williston Basin Pipe Line LLC, an indirect subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum
Corporation. See Sandpaper Pipeline Project, Enbridge, http://www.enbridge.com
/SandpiperProject.aspx (last visited Apr. 26, 2016); see also Georgianne
Nienaber, Farmer Won't Sell Easement So Enbridge Oil Is Suing, Huffington Post
(Aug. 8, 2015, 8:27 PM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/georgianne-nienaber/farmer-wont
-sell-family-f_b_7960084.html.





n53.  Nienaber, supra note 52.





n54.  Id.





n55.  See Botsford, No. 18-2014-CV-01058.





n56.  Id.





n57.  North Dakota Rule of Evidence 408 states:



   (a) Prohibited Uses. Evidence of the following is not admissible, on behalf
of any party, either to prove or disprove the validity or amount of a disputed
claim or to impeach by a prior inconsistent statement or a contradiction:



(1) furnishing, promising, offering, accepting, promising to accept, or offering
to accept a valuable consideration in compromising or attempting to compromise
the claim; and



(2) conduct or a statement made during compromise negotiations.



(b) Exceptions. The court may admit this evidence for another purpose, such as
proving a witness's bias or prejudice, negating a contention of undue delay, or
proving an effort to obstruct a criminal investigation or prosecution. The court
need not exclude evidence otherwise discoverable merely because it is presented
in the course of compromise negotiations.

 N.D. R. Evid. 408.





n58.  See Botsford, No. 18-2014-CV-01058.





n59.  Id.; Plaintiff's Motion in Limine to Exclude Evidence, Botsford, No.
18-2014-CV-01058, Doc No. 106 (on file with the author) (internal citations and
quotations omitted); Brief in Support of Plaintiff's Motion in Limine, Botsford,
No. 18-2014-CV-01058, Doc No. 107 (on file with the author) (internal citations
and quotations omitted).





n60.  See Defendant's Response to Plaintiff's Motion in Limine, Botsford, No.
18-2014-CV-01058, Doc No. 109 (on file with author).





n61.  See Exhibit A to Affidavit of Derrick Braaten, Botsford, No.
18-2014-CV-01058, Doc No. 111 [hereinafter Exhibit A] (on file with the author)
(emphasis added).





n62.  See id. (emphasis added).





n63.  Id.





n64.  Id. (emphasis added).





n65.  McCormick on Evidence § 274 (2d ed. 1972); accord McCormick on Evidence §
266 (7th ed. 2013).





n66.  See N.D. Const. art. I, § 16 ("Private property shall not be taken or
damaged for public use without just compensation having been first made to ...
the owner.").





n67.  N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 32-15-06.1(2) (West, Westlaw through 2015 Reg.
Sess. of the 64th Legis. Assemb.).





n68.  Id. § 32-15-06.1(4).





n69.  See Exhibit A, supra note 61.





n70.  Id.





n71.  Id.





n72.  See N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 32-15-22(1) (Westlaw).





n73.  No. 53-2014-CV-00695 (N.D. Dist. Ct. Feb. 9, 2016) (on file with author).





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id.; see also Derrick Braaten, AgVocate: Our Land Is Not for Sale, Agweek
(Dec. 9, 2015, 8:00 AM), http://www.agweek.com/columns/derrick-braaten
/3898104-agvocate-our-land-not-sale.





n76.  Hauge, No. 53-2014-CV-00695.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Id.





n79.  Id. The proceedings were held on record in the chambers of Judge Joshua B.
Rustad.





n80.  Id.





n81.  Id. (citing the testimony of Joe Ibach in open court).





n82.  Id.





n83.  Pfliger v. Peavey Co., 310 N.W.2d 742, 747 (N.D. 1981).





n84.  See, e.g., 3 Fred Lane, Lane Goldstein Trial Technique § 16:17 (3d ed.
2015) (detailing cases from numerous jurisdictions where such opinion testimony
was allowed).





n85.  See generally J.E. Macy, Annotation, Competency of a Witness to Give
Expert Opinion Testimony as to Value of Real Property, 159 A.L.R. 7 (1946); see
also N.D. R. Evid. 701. Other jurisdictions' Rule 701 also regulate opinion
testimony by lay witnesses. See, e.g., Fed. R. Civ. P. 701; Minn. R. Evid. 701.





n86.  Ark. State Highway Comm'n v. Jones, 505 S.W.2d 210, 211-12 (Ark. 1974)
(citations omitted).





n87.  Alm Constr. Co. v. Vertin, 118 N.W.2d 737, 748 (N.D. 1962) (internal
quotations omitted).





n88.  See N. States Power Co. v. Effertz, 94 N.W.2d 288, 294 (N.D. 1958); 60 Am.
Jur. Trials, supra note 36.





n89.  N.D. Const. art. I, § 16.





n90.  See generally Kartch v. EOG Res., Inc., No. 4:10-cv-014, 2010 WL 4260103,
at 1 (D.N.D. Oct. 22, 2010). The court in this case explained that prior to
adoption of the compensation statute, surface owners did not have an accepted
right to compensation for reasonable use of the surface. Id. at 2. The implied
conclusion as recognized by other courts is that a use beyond that which is
reasonably necessary will give rise to an action for damages. See Getty Oil Co.
v. Jones, 470 S.W.2d 618, 622 (Tex. 1971).





n91.  Kartch, 2010 WL 4260103, at 1.





n92.  Id.





n93.  For further explanation of the split estate, see Split Estate, Bureau Land
Mgmt., http://www.blm.gov/wo/st/en/prog/energy/oil_and_gas/best
_management_practices/split_estate.html (last visited May 15, 2016).





n94.  Hunt Oil Co. v. Kerbaugh, 283 N.W.2d 131, 135 (N.D. 1979) ("The surface
estate is servient in the sense it is charged with the servitude for those
essential rights of the mineral estate."); see also Christina v. Emineth, 212
N.W.2d 543, 550 (N.D. 1973) (describing the attendant rights of the owner of a
surface estate and those of a mineral owner).





n95.  Feland v. Placid Oil Co., 171 N.W.2d 829, 834 (N.D. 1969).





n96.  Id.





n97.  See Beulah Coal Mining Co. v. Heihn, 180 N.W. 787, 789 (N.D. 1920).





n98.  Id.





n99.  Bilby v. Wire, 77 N.W.2d 882, 886 (N.D. 1956) (internal quotations
omitted).





n100.  See, e.g., Beulah Coal Mining, 180 N.W. at 787.





n101.  See, e.g., Hunt Oil Co. v. Kerbaugh, 283 N.W.2d 131, 135 (N.D. 1979);
Beulah Coal Mining, 180 N.W. at 787.





n102.  Hunt Oil Co., 283 N.W.2d at 135; see also Union Producing Co. v. Pittman,
146 So.2d 553, 555 (Miss. 1962) (citation omitted) ("[A] grant or reservation of
mines or minerals gives to the mineral owner the incidental right of entering,
occupying, and making such use of the surface lands as is reasonably necessary
in exploring, mining, removing, and marketing the minerals."). According to the
Union Producing court:



   The question of what is a reasonable use of the premises is a question of
fact, and although the drilling operator may use as much of the surface as may
be reasonably necessary, he cannot be unreasonable in the use of such land, nor
oppressive or capricious in its use. The owner of the minerals may do what is
reasonably necessary to recover minerals, but the mineral owner or agent is not
the final judge as to what is reasonably necessary. This is a question of fact
for the determination of the jury.

 Union Producing Co., 146 So.2d at 555-56; see also Hunt Oil Co., 283 N.W.2d at
137 (citations omitted) ("Whether or not the use of the surface estate by the
mineral estate owner is reasonably necessary is a question of fact for the trier
of facts."). Further informing the determination of reasonable use of the
surface is "the concept that the owner of the mineral estate must have due
regard for the rights of the surface owner and is required to exercise that
degree of care and use which is a just consideration for the rights of the
surface owner." Hunt Oil Co., 283 N.W.2d at 135 (citations omitted).





n103.  470 S.W.2d at 622-23; see also Williams & Meyers, supra note 26.





n104.  470 S.W.2d at 622.





n105.  Id. (internal citations omitted) ("The due regard concept defines more
fully what is to be considered in the determination of whether a surface use by
the lessee is reasonably necessary. There may be only one manner of use of the
surface whereby the minerals can be produced. The lessee has the right to pursue
this use, regardless of surface damage. And there may be necessitous temporary
use governed by the same principle. But under the circumstances indicated here
(i.e., where there is an existing use by the surface owner which would otherwise
be precluded or impaired) and where under the established practices in the
industry there are alternatives available to the lessee whereby the minerals can
be recovered, the rules of reasonable usage of the surface may require the
adoption of an alternative by the lessee.").





n106.  See Williams & Meyers, supra note 26 ("Excessive user has been found by
reason of ... occupation of more of the surface than was reasonably necessary
for the full enjoyment of the minerals ... ." (citation omitted)).





n107.  Id.; see also Hunt Oil Co., 283 N.W.2d 131 at 137 (applying the
accommodation doctrine).





n108.  Hunt Oil Co., 283 N.W.2d 131 at 137 (citing Getty Oil Co., 470 S.W.2d at
623) (emphasis added). The court also noted:



   It is important to note that the Texas Supreme Court in Getty concluded the
accommodation doctrine is not a balancing type test weighing the harm or
inconvenience to the owner of one type of interest against the benefit to the
other. Rather the court said the test is the availability of alternative
non-conflicting uses of the two types of owners. Inconvenience to the surface
owner is not the controlling element where no reasonable alternatives are
available to the mineral owner or lessee. The surface owner must show that under
the circumstances, the use of the surface under attack is not reasonably
necessary.

 Id.





n109.  Gerrity Oil & Gas Corp. v. Magness, 946 P.2d 913, 927 (Colo. 1997).



   The fact that neither the surface owner nor the severed mineral rights holder
has any absolute right to exclude the other from the surface may create tension
between competing surface uses. "The broad principle by which these tensions are
to be resolved is that each owner must have due regard for the rights of the
other in making use of the estate in question." This "due regard" concept
requires mineral rights holders to accommodate surface owners to the fullest
extent possible consistent with their right to develop the mineral estate.

 Id. (citing Grynberg v. City of Northglenn, 739 P.2d 230, 234 (Colo. 1987))





n110.  Order Denying Motion to Strike Jury Demand, Kartch v. EOG Res., Inc., No.
4:10-cv-014 (D.N.D. Oct. 22, 2010), 2010 WL 4260103 at 2 (citing Murphy v. Amoco
Prod. Co., 729 F.2d 552, 554-56, 555 n.3 (8th Cir. 1984); Hunt Oil Co., 283
N.W.2d at 135 n.4).





n111.  See N.D. Cent. Code Ann. ch. 38-11.1 (West, Westlaw through 2015 Reg.
Sess. of the 64th Legis. Assemb.).





n112.  Id. § 38-11.1-02.





n113.  See generally id. § 38-11.1-01 through -10.





n114.  Order Denying Motion to Strike Jury Demand, supra note 110.





n115.  Kartch v. EOG Res., Inc., 845 F. Supp. 2d 995, 1009 (D.N.D. Feb. 29,
2012).





n116.  Id.





n117.  Id. at 1010.





n118.  Id. at 1011.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id. at 1012.





n121.  Id. at 1008-09.





n122.  Id. at 1008 (citing N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 38-11.1-06) (Westlaw)).





n123.  Letter from Wayne Stenehjem, N.D. Att'y Gen., to Lynn D. Helms, Dir., Oil
& Gas Div., N.D. Indus. Comm'n, 2007 WL 780365, at 2 (Mar. 13, 2007) (emphasis
added) (citation omitted) (statement of Rep. Murphy).





n124.  Kartch, 845 F. Supp. 2d at 1009.





n125.  Supra note 123 and accompanying text.





n126.  N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 38-11.1-02 (Westlaw) ("It is the purpose of this
chapter to provide the maximum amount of constitutionally permissible protection
to surface owners and other persons from the undesirable effects of development
of minerals. This chapter is to be interpreted in light of the legislative
intent expressed herein." (emphasis added)).





n127.  See, e.g., id. § 32-03-09.1.





n128.  See supra Part III. While there may be other ramifications related to the
regulatory authorities, such ramifications are not necessarily focused on making
the landowner whole.





n129.  Ruffatto v. EOG Res., Inc., CV-06-32-BLG-RFC, at 4 (D. Mont. Dec. 7,
2007) (on file with author); see also Mont. Code Ann. § 82-10 et seq. (West,
Westlaw through 2015 Reg. Sess.).





n130.  Ruffatto, CV-06-32-BLG-RFC, at 4 (citing Burk Ranches, Inc. v. State, 790
P.2d 443, 445-46 (Mont. 1990)), abrogated by Lampi v. Speed, 261 P.3d 1000
(Mont. 2011).





n131.  Lampi, 261 P.3d at 1004 (citing Sunburst Sch. Dist. No. 2 v. Texaco,
Inc., 165 P.3d 1079 (Mont. 2007)).





n132.  Id. (internal citations omitted).





n133.  Sunburst, 165 P.3d at 1088 (citations omitted).





n134.  261 P.3d 1000.





n135.  Id. at 1004.





n136.  Id.





n137.  Id.





n138.  Id. (internal citations omitted).





n139.  See Lampi, 261 P.3d at 1004 ("The [Sunburst c]ourt adopted the
restoration damages rule from Restatement (Second) of Torts section 929."
(citing Sunburst, 165 P.3d at 1088)).





n140.  Sunburst, 165 P.3d at 1088.





n141.  Kartch v. EOG Res., Inc., 845 F. Supp. 2d 995, 1008 (D.N.D. 2012).





n142.  See N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 32-03-09.1 (West, Westlaw through 2015 Reg.
Sess. of the 64th Legis. Assemb.). But see id. chs. 32-40 (Environmental Law
Enforcement Act). Although there are no reported decisions on these chapters of
the North Dakota Century Code, it is likely that a court would find that the
fair market value cap does not apply to these chapters for the same reasons as
it does not apply to North Dakota Century Code chapter 38-11.1. The very
underpinnings of the shift in judicial thinking away from strict adherence to
this cap on damages is even more compelling under a statutory scheme
specifically set up to ensure compliance with environmental laws and protection
of natural resources.





n143.  Compare Mont. Code Ann. § 82-10-501 (West, Westlaw through 2015 Reg.
Sess.) ("The purpose of this part is to provide for the protection of surface
owners of land underlaid with oil and gas reserves while allowing for the
necessary development of those reserves."), with N.D. Cent. Code Ann. §
38-11.1-02 (Westlaw) ("It is the purpose of this chapter to provide the maximum
amount of constitutionally permissible protection to surface owners and other
persons from the undesirable effects of development of minerals." (emphasis
added)).





n144.  N.D. Cent. Code Ann. § 38-11.1-02 (Westlaw) (emphasis added).





n145.  See Lang v. Wonnenberg, 455 N.W.2d 832, 840 (N.D. 1990) (citing section
929 of the Restatement (Second) of Torts for the proposition that "it is
generally recognized that damages for loss of use may be awarded in addition to
diminution in the value of the property"); see also Lampi v. Speed, 261 P.3d
1000, 1004 (Mont. 2011) (citing section 929 of the Restatement (Second) of Torts
for the proposition that "an award of restoration damages in excess of the
property's diminution in market value" is warranted in certain cases because
"diminution in market value will not always correspond with a plaintiff's
damages resulting from injury to real property").





n146.  Murphy v. Amoco Prod. Co., 729 F.2d 552, 555 (8th Cir. 1984).





n147.  Id.





n148.  J. Michael Veron, Oilfield Contamination Litigation in Louisiana:
Property Rights on Trial, 25 Tul. Envtl. L.J. 1, 10 (2011).





n149.  Id. at 8.





n150.  Id. at 13.





n151.  Id.





n152.  Id.





n153.  Id. at 13-14.





n154.  Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 360 (Am. Law Inst. 1981) (emphasis
added).





n155.  Loren A. Smith, The Morality of Regulation, 22 Wm. & Mary Envtl. L. &
Pol'y Rev. 507, 518 (1998).


                              401 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 28, 1994, Sunday, City Edition

Corvette's beauty was only paint deep

BYLINE: SABRINA MILLER

SECTION: NATIONAL; REBORN WRECKS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 1401 words

DATELINE: LARGO



A gift from the heart.

That's how Allen Mortham, assistant principal of Largo High School,  describes
his wife's 1992 Christmas present to him.

Sandra Mortham, then a state representative, was driving back from  Tallahassee
when she saw it: a beautiful blue-green, LT-1 Corvette in the  parking lot of
Clearwater's Dimmitt Chevrolet. The car was so arresting that  she pulled over
to get a closer look.

Later, she asked her husband of 23 years to go with her to Dimmitt - to  "look
at something,' as she put it.

He thought they were going to buy another van. Instead, they ended up in  the
Corvette section, stumbling upon the blue-green car. That's when Sandra  sprung
it on Allen: She was going to buy it for him for Christmas. Including a
trade-in, they paid $ 27,000 for the Corvette.

"It was the Christmas present of a lifetime. A really great surprise," he  said.
"It was such a gift from the heart from her."

Allen Mortham made a deal with his wife. Although it was around  Thanksgiving
when she bought the car, he agreed not to drive it until after  Christmas. In
the interim, he washed and waxed it a few times, and that's when  he found the
first evidence: broken glass.

Later, he noticed the driver's side door was out of alignment. The car had  been
repainted in the back and, most annoying of all, the 'Vette leaked when  it
rained.

Mortham took the car to Dimmitt several times for repairs. Still the car
leaked, among other problems.

"I couldn't put my finger on what was really wrong," he said. "I got  hostile,
frustrated, mad at myself for not checking the car out. We picked it  because of
the color. When you spend this kind of money on a car, you don't  expect these
types of problems."

He also didn't expect this: The car he was driving had an estimated $ 35,000
worth of damage.

"Whoever fixed it did a nice job. If I had an accident, I'd take it to  this
guy. He's good."

The Corvette's original owner, John Hook of St. Petersburg, had the car  only
about a month when he was rammed from behind by a drunken driver.

St. Petersburg police Officer William Phoenix remembers the April 1992  accident
vividly. He took special interest in the car because of its "newness'  and
"beauty.'

On his report, Phoenix estimated damage to the Corvette at $ 35,000. He said  he
arrived at that amount by looking at the car's mangled rear, then asking  Hook,
"How much is your car worth?"

"The car was totaled. I didn't see any way it could be fixed," Phoenix  said.

"So it seemed pretty easy to determine an estimate. . . . It was a mess."

When damage exceeds 80 percent of an insured car's value, Florida law  requires
that the car be issued an "unrebuildable' title. That means it no  longer can be
driven.

But there's a catch - it's the insurer that determines the amount of  damage.
And in this case, the insurer came up with a figure far lower than 80  percent.
Thus the car could be repaired and returned to the road with a clean  title -
and it was.

The car was fixed by Dimmitt Chevrolet, where Hook bought it. General  manager
John Gilliss said Hook's insurance company authorized $ 14,500 worth of
repairs, not the $ 35,000 the police officer estimated.

Hook traded the Corvette back to Dimmitt that September and Sandra Mortham
bought it two months later.

How come no one at Dimmitt mentioned to the Morthams that the car had been  in a
wreck and had been repaired in Dimmitt's own body shop?

"I'm not sure if the salesman knew it was damaged," Gilliss said. "We  might
have even changed used car managers in the time the car was repaired and  traded
back."

More importantly, Gilliss said, "We have no duty to disclose it (damage),  only
not to misrepresent. We did not misrepresent that car."

After learning the car's history from a reporter, the Morthams went back to
Dimmitt, which traded them out of the crashed Corvette and, for a nominal  extra
charge, got them in a white 1993 model in May. Allen Mortham is unhappy  that he
was unable to get another teal-colored Corvette, but he's relieved to  be
driving a car  that hasn't been wrecked.

"They were very gracious," he said of the dealership. "They were more  than
willing to keep us as customers."

Gilliss said customers often deceive dealers by not disclosing damage.  Dimmitt
mechanics try to safeguard against that by doing safety inspections on
trade-ins and cars bought at auction, Gilliss said.

"We don't believe (the Morthams) had any problems with that car," he  said. "We
wanted to keep them as customers and make them happy."

"I drove it myself (after the Morthams returned it) and I didn't feel  anything.
There was nothing wrong with that car. But we take back cars every  day that
people aren't happy with and resell them."

Rather than resell the Corvette on the retail market, Dimmitt sold it to a
wholesaler, Gilliss said. Dimmitt didn't tell the wholesaler the car had been
in a wreck because, Gilliss said, he didn't think the dealership was required
to.

Why not sell the car to another retail customer?

"It doesn't do any good to retail a car that's bad and create an enemy,"
Gilliss said. "We did not want to have to deal with a customer on this car
again knowing the repercussions it might have for Dimmitt Chevrolet."

The Morthams agreed that state laws on wrecked cars need to be  strengthened.

"I was surprised to find out that there's not much there," said Sandra  Mortham,
a Republican whoUs running for secretary of state. But crafting a law  could be
tricky, she concedes.

"It's difficult to know where to put the onus," she said. "I truly  believe that
the dealer never knew anything. I guess the question (in a law)  would be "how
much do you disclose?' "

And what of Allen Mortham and his "Christmas present of a lifetime?'

"It's like buying your wife Waterford crystal and finding out it's fake.  We
were the victims here. We feel victimized."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, JIM DAMASKE, (2); Allen Mortham sits inside his Corvette.
; Part of the accident report that shows the estimated amount of damage to the
Corvette.

TYPE: SERIES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              402 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 1, 2009 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

SMITH & NEPHEW TAKING ITS TIME WITH LAYOFFS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; HEARD IT HERE; GAS WATCH; CORRECTION; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 327 words


Call it layoffs in slow motion. This summer, two years after Smith & Nephew
announced plans to close its Largo plant and move the jobs to China, the British
medical device company has begun the closure process. A federal WARN layoff
notice filed this week indicated that 160 jobs would be cut at the Largo
manufacturing facility between July 31 and Aug. 28. However, a company spokesman
said the cutback would be more gradual than that, with the plant slowly phasing
out by the end of the year. In the meantime, spokesman Robin Gilliland said,
employees will receive outplacement services and some will have the option of
transferring to Smith & Nephew's Memphis, Tenn., plant or another location.
Gilliland said Smith & Nephew remains committed to keeping the U.S. headquarters
of its wound management division in the Tampa Bay area.

* * *

Amerilife ordered to pay $100,000

AL Amerilife First Financial LLC of Clearwater has been fined $100,000 and
ordered to not misrepresent whether financial products it markets are insured by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. under a cease-and-desist order with the
FDIC. The filing made public Friday is an amendment of a cease-and-desist that
was initially filed in June. Amerilife Group chief compliance officer Dan Morgan
said Friday the company had no immediate comment. However, in an earlier
statement, the company said that it has not admitted to any "misrepresentation"
or "deception" with respect to use of the FDIC logo or the terms of the
certificates of deposit for customers.

* * *

Correction

The Hope Now Alliance can be reached toll-free at 1-888-995-4673. Consumer
Federation of America provided the wrong number for a story Friday.

* * *

GAS WATCH

The price of a gallon of regular unleaded gas in the Tampa Bay area:

FRIDAY

$2.453

THURSDAY

$2.454

MONTH AGO

$2.633

YEAR AGO

$3.875

RECORD

$4.009*

* Record set July 16, 2008

Source: AAA/Oil Price Information Service

To find the cheapest gas where you live, visit money.tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CORRECTION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 16, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

In Debate, Gay Men Aim to Find Middle Path

SECTION: Section A; Page 30; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 184 words



To the Editor:

Larry Kramer ("Gay Culture, Redefined," Op-Ed, Dec. 12) misrepresents the goals
of Sex Panic. When we six H.I.V.-infected men came up with the idea of
organizing against the gay neo-conservative movement and the crackdown on gay
venues in New York City, we did so not to advocate for unsafe sex. To the
contrary, given our sero-status, we perhaps knew better than most the results of
inadequate prevention efforts.

What Mr. Kramer glosses over in his desire to sterilize gay male culture are the
realities inherent in gay men's lives as they struggle to accept their
identities, deflect society's disapprobation and develop nurturing
relationships. Marriage and monogamy are not panaceas for the AIDS crisis, just
as managed care hasn't guaranteed health care for all.

Like the other founders of Sex Panic, I support debate on how to keep more gay
men from becoming infected with H.I.V. What we strive to do away with are
moralistic models of control that do little to impede infection as they stifle
sexuality and freedom.

CHRISTOPHER MURRAY
Brooklyn, Dec. 12, 1997

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              404 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 29, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Harassment, Not Free Speech, Was Issue at Yale

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 217 words


To the Editor:

C. Vann Woodward's ''Freedom of Speech, Not Selectively'' (Op-Ed, Oct. 15)
misrepresents the highly publicized ''freedom of speech case'' at Yale
University. Contrary to what he, and the national media, would have us believe,
Wayne Dick was not brought before Yale's executive committee for espousing
opinions antithetical to the prevailing campus morality. Rather, he was charged
with harassment, for his posters explicitly mentioned individuals.

The question that the executive committee decided was not whether Wayne Dick had
the right to propagate antihomosexual opinions. Of course, he did. The question
was whether this freedom of expression also allowed him anonymously to slander
individuals. Whether his posters constituted harassment or not is a complicated
question, but it is the one on which the verdict depended.

Rather than illuminate this, the true issue of the case, Mr. Woodward insists on
perpetuating the myth of the lonely individual pilloried for expressing
unpopular opinions. I'm not surprised that the media should seize on this more
sensational version, but I'm appalled that Mr. Woodward - a man intimately
acquainted with the real issues of the case - should follow suit.

ANDY COWAN
New Haven, Oct. 15, 1986
  The writer is a student at Yale.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              405 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 7, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Insurer to Pay for Investigation of Its Sales Tactics

BYLINE: By PETER KERR

SECTION: Section D; Page 4; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 519 words


The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company yesterday agreed to pay for an
independent investigation of charges that its insurance agents engaged in
unethical practices in selling tens of thousands of whole life policies around
the United States.

Florida's insurance commissioner has charged that Metropolitan's 100-member
office in Tampa systematically trained its agents to misrepresent the whole life
insurance policies they were selling as retirement accounts.

Life insurance policies differ from investment products like annuities in a
number of ways. But perhaps most significant for agents is that as much as 55
percent of the first year's premium is turned over to them as a sales
commission. Annuities and other retirement vehicles are far less lucrative to
agents.

In addition to Florida, insurance departments in Pennsylvania, North Carolina
and West Virginia said this week that they were investigating charges of
unethical or illegal sales methods of Metropolitan agents in their areas. Some
of the practices were similar to those described in Tampa. Officials in Texas
said they had also received complaints about Metropolitan agents.

A Reputation of Prudence

Misrepresentation of whole life policies has a long history in the insurance
industry. But the allegations involving so many agents and policies of
Metropolitan threatens to tarnish the image of a company that has based its
sales on a reputation of financial and ethical prudence.

The president of Metropolitan, Ted Athanassiades, met with Florida's insurance
commissioner, Tom Gallagher, yesterday in New York, as the insurance giant
attempted to contain the damage of a growing scandal.

It agreed to permit Mr. Gallagher to appoint an investigator of his choice and
pay the cost of a one-month study of the problem. Mr. Gallagher agreed to delay
legal action until the report was completed.

The Florida department has charged that Metropolitan agents in the Tampa office
picked nurses around the country as a target for a pitch involving the sales of
"retirement plans" designed especially for nurses.

The agents, the department said, referred to the premiums as "deposits," and to
themselves as "nursing representatives," not insurance agents. Metropolitan
auditors uncovered the practices in 1991, the department said, but the practice
continued through this year.

Refunds Offered

Charles Sahner, a spokesman for Metropolitan, said that in 1991 the company
headquarters in New York found that "unauthorized sales literature" was being
used by the Tampa office, but the head-office executives believed they had put
an end to the practice.

As a result of the charges, Mr. Sahner said, Metropolitan has sent letters to
18,000 nurses who had been sold policies by the Tampa office over the last five
years, offering refunds or the opportunity to have the premiums plus interest
they had paid credited to an annuity.

"We find these allegations deeply disturbing," Mr. Sahner said. "If, in fact, we
find that Met Life employees did engage in this kind of activity, we will take
immediate and strong action."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              406 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 16, 2003, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Headline misrepresents mutual fund firms

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 215 words

A headline USA TODAY wrote for my Opposing View contradicted my position and may
have misled readers. Let's be clear about where the Investment Company Institute
(ICI) and the mutual fund companies we represent stand on a matter of critical
public importance: financial scandals ("Investors are our priority: Firms will
address problems; regulators should avoid hasty decrees," Financial scandals
debate, Wednesday).

We want regulators to act swiftly and forcefully to address concerns about
market timing and late trading. We urge government officials to conduct thorough
investigations to ensure that every trail is followed. We believe that if
shareholders were harmed, these are wrongs that must be made right. Moreover, we
believe that if the swift and thorough investigations we support reveal
regulatory gaps, such gaps must be identified and effectively addressed.

The ICI and mutual fund companies support strong medicine to reinforce investor
confidence. Obviously before such medicine can be prescribed, an accurate
diagnosis is required. We are pleased that officials are well on their way to
accomplishing this and pledge our continued, unqualified support as their
efforts continue.

Matthew P. Fink

President

Investment Company Institute

Washington

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              407 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 7, 1992, TUESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

ANTITRUST TRIAL FOCUSES ON NFL OWNERS' PAY

BYLINE: Compiled by Ray Jordan Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 613 words


Attorneys for the National Football League said Monday tha the high salaries of
some league owners introduced as evidence in the pro football antitrust case,
including Philadelphia owner Norman Braman's $7.5 million 1990 pay,
misrepresents their true financial picture.  Attorney Frank Rothman, in
cross-examination of Stanford economics professor Roger Noll, said the witness
for the plaintiffs used ''selective data'' when he described the million-dollar
salaries of Braman, Buffalo owner Ralph Wilson, Phoenix owner Bill Bidwill and
the Smith family of Atlanta.  In vigorous questioning, Rothman pointed out that
Braman did not pay himself a salary from 1985 to 1989. He also said the Eagles'
owner sank $18 million into the team - which was ''near bankruptcy'' - when he
purchased it in 1985.  Likewise, the owners of the Denver franchise did not draw
a salary from 1987 to 1989, Rothman said.  ''Isn't it true that you used totally
selective data when you used (Atlanta, Buffalo and Philadelphia salaries) and
left out the other 25 teams?'' Rothman asked Noll.  Noll denied the claim,
saying that his purpose was in showing why some teams had higher administrative
costs than others.  Rothman said player costs in the NFL have risen to $775
million in 1991 from $48 million in 1970. He stressed that the NFL pays more in
player costs as a percentage of operating revenue than professional baseball or
basketball, which have more liberal free agency rules.  MISCELLANEOUS Ali
Receives Achievement Award Muhammad Ali, revered throughout the world for his
accomplishments in and out of boxing, received the Life Time Achievement Award
in Hollywood, Calif. Ali, 50, a former three-time world heavyweight champion,
was given the award during the Jim Thorpe Pro Sports Award Show, a two-hour live
special on ABC-TV. The presentation was made by actor James Earl Jones.  AUTO
RACING Allison Retains Point Lead Davey Allison continued atop the NASCAR
Winston Cup stock car racing standings, but his advantage was slim. Allison took
the lead by winning the season-opening Daytona 500 in February and has never
relinquished it as the year passed the halfway point with Saturday's Pepsi 400,
also at Daytona.  But his advantage is just 46 points over second-place Bill
Elliott, 2257 to 2211, a difference of as little as first to ninth place in a
single race.  Allison easily leads the NASCAR Winston Cup Series in
money-winnings with $1,165,220. Elliott, assured of at least a $1 million season
just by starting the remaining 14 races, is second with $868,870.  TRACK AND
FIELD Thompson To Make Final Attempt Daley Thompson will make a final attempt to
qualify for a fifth Olympic Games decathlon Thursday and Friday at an arranged
meet in London.  Thompson, the world record-holder and Olympic gold medalist in
1980 and 1988, must achieve the qualifying standard of 7,850 points at the
Crystal Palace meet for a place on the British Olympic team.  British track
selectors broke their rules in giving Thompson, 33, until Friday to qualify,
after he did not compete in the British Olympic trials.  Thompson has not
completed a decathlon since his fourth place at the 1988 Olympics.  TENNIS
Agassi Moves Up to Ninth Wimbledon men's singles champion Andre Agassi jumped to
ninth from 14th in the new world rankings, and finals loser Goran Ivanisevic
went to fourth from eighth in a top 10 scramble.  Top-ranked Jim Courier
retained his perch, even after a third-round exit against qualifier Andrei
Olhonskiy, and Nos. 2 and 3 Stefan Edberg and Pete Sampras also held their
spots. Petr Korda was fifth, Boris Becker sixth, Michael Chang seventh and
Michael Stich was eighth.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              408 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          February 23, 1989, Thursday

SHIP LINES PLAN CHECKS ON PRODUCE

BYLINE: JOSH GOLDSTEIN; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


A group of steamship lines said it will begin randomly inspecting West Coast
fruit and vegetable exports to Asia in an attempt to crack down on shipping
documents that misrepresent cargo.

The Transpacific Westbound Rate Agreement's action follows a more than ear-long
investigation by the Federal Maritime Commission.

TWRA's decision to begin inspections apparently stems from the continued
practice by some shippers of understating the value and volume of their exports
in order to get lower freight rates.

The FMC last July fined 15 shippers and forwarders a total of more than $
500,000 for misdeclarations. At that time, it was the largest number of parties
ever to be fined in an inv estigation.

William Jarrel Smith Jr., director of investigations at the FMC, said the aim of
the inspection program is primarily preventive. He said that although the FMC
was not aware that the problems identified last year are recurring, it had
encouraged TWRA to begin doing the inspections.

Some shippers and carriers, however, say they are skeptical the inspection
program will prove effective. They say it will just add another layer of red
tape.

The TWRA inspections will be performed at various West Coast ports by an
Oakland, Calif.-based group called Pacific Coast Inspection Bureau.

Containers will be randomly selected for inspection, but certain ports and
certain cargoes will be targeted at different times of year.

William Anderson, executive administrator at the TWRA, said the intensity of
inspection will also depend on destination. Shipments to Hong Kong and Taiwan
are perceived to be the biggest problem, he said, whereas cargoes bound for
Japan are generally trouble-free.

Mr. Anderson said the inspections will consist of opening the back doors of the
refrigerated containers, verifying the cargo type, and counting the number of
cartons in the container.

Only in cases of mis-declaration will the containers be entirely unloaded, he
said. The usual procedure shouldn't take more than 30 minutes, he said.

Penalties will be as high as five times the difference in freight charges
between declared and actual cargoes.

One major shipper of citrus products said he doubted the inspections would be
able to detect mis-declared cargo. "You can't see what's in the front of the
container by opening the back," he said.

He added that the violators could avoid the inspections by switching to
non-conference carriers.

A U.S. representative for Neptune Orient Lines Ltd., a TWRA member line based in
Singapore, said the line favors the intent of the inspections but doubted they
would prove practical.

"We don't want to inhibit the flow of trade," he said.

TWRA has 10 members: American President Lines Ltd., Hanjin Shipping Co., Hyundai
Merchant Marine Co., Kawasaki Kaisen Kaisha Ltd., A.P. Moller (Maersk Line),
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines Ltd., Neptune Orient Lines Ltd., Nippon Liner System Ltd.,
Nippon Yusen Kaisha, and Sea-Land Service Inc.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              409 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 13, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

MTV roils the waters; travelers seek tickets to ride; mistaking identities

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. F02

LENGTH: 951 words

'Jersey Shore': What's the real story?

MTV, documentarian of the hot-tub culture and its in-heat denizens, recently
released "Jersey Shore," featuring a household of summer beach bums and bumettes
hopped up on hormones and Italian stallion blood. Interestingly, the new series
did not offend promoters of oceanside family values but rather the Jersey Shore
Convention and Visitors Bureau.

"The show does not reflect the variety of destinations on the Jersey Shore or
the variety of people in Seaside Heights," said  the bureau's executive
director, Daniel Cappello, who caught the debut on Dec. 3 and issued a press
release expressing the group's discontent.

The program follows the exploits of eight people holed up in a summer rental in
Seaside Heights. Cappello's beef is that it misrepresents the coastal region,
which also includes such Hallmark Channel towns as Cape May, VH1 cities as
Asbury Park and National Geographic Channel locales as Island Beach State Park.
Seaside Heights, he claims, does not epitomize the Jersey Shore, nor do Pauly D,
a hair gel fanatic, and Jenni "Jwoww" represent its summer residents.

"A lot of young people are there to have a great time," said Cappello,  "but
that is a specific kind of visitor they are depicting. People need to take what
they see on MTV with a grain of salt."

MTV's purpose is to stereotype, skew and shock, and the cable network wins an
Emmy in all categories. In all honesty, the Jersey Shore is a faint backdrop to
this unreal show. The real stars are the rooftop hot tub and the hair gel.

The show airs Thursdays at 10 p.m. and can also been seen at http://www.mtv.com.
For the real Jersey Shore: http://www.visitnj.org or
http://www.seasideheightstourism.com.

Bus service: Stop and go

 Passengers of TransportAzumah have been left at the curb, at least temporarily.

The company  had been scheduled to start  low-fare bus service from Washington
to Philadelphia and Boston last month but  suspended operations with little
warning. Travelers who had booked passage with the bus line learned of the
surprise move through a message posted on the company's Web site and Facebook
page.

"They never notified me. No phone call or e-mail," said Lucas Wall, who was
alerted to the cancellation last week by a friend. "Now I don't have any
transportation to Philly this weekend."

Company president Joel Azumah told CoGo that a major ticketing agent had not
turned over money generated from sales "in a timely fashion," adding: "You can't
run buses when you don't know when you're going to get your money. It was better
to break off the agreement." The company was using two ticketing entities, one
in-house and one outsourced. He said passengers will receive full refunds
(including service fees) through the in-house vendor or will be rebooked on
another bus line through the outside ticketer.

Azumah said he expects to start service to Philadelphia in January and to Boston
in March. Check the Web site (http://www.transportazumah.com) for updates.

And in other bus news . . .

Megabus.com is offering 100,000 free seats in the new year on 28 bus routes,
including 40,000 to New York being offered in partnership with NYC & Co., the
city's tourism office. Travel Jan. 6 to March 20. Use promo code GETAWAY;
subject to availability. Service charge of 50 cents still applies. Info:
http://www.megabus.com.

Hanging on to your identity

  If you're not careful these days, a cyber thief can steal your identity as
easily as a pickpocket can pinch your wallet. An unbelievable online airfare
deal or hotel rate could cost you everything.

For tips on keeping the e-crooks at bay, CoGo spoke with Ondrej Krehel,
information security officer with Identity Theft 911, a company that works to
combat this crime. Some pointers:

-- Beware of phishing e-mails that direct you to fraudulent sites offering
credit cards with frequent-flier miles or free gifts such as an exotic cruise or
vacation.

-- A common scam involves domestic and international timeshares that require you
to fill out online forms to receive a limited-time discount. Also, always review
two-for-one deals and frequent-flyer promotions.  Read the fine print  before
you click "buy."

-- Shop and provide your information on  secure sites only ; look for "https" in
the URL address bar and a small yellow padlock at the right of your browser
address bar. If you double-click on the lock, a digital certificate will appear.

-- Never provide passwords to your e-mail or bank accounts when purchasing
something online.

-- Use different passwords for online retailers and for personal accounts.

-- It's safer to use credit cards than debit cards. Or use one-time-use credit
card numbers from such payment processors as PayPal. Don't send your payment
information via e-mail; it's not secure. Also, it's not a good idea to save your
personal information on merchant Web sites. Keep your credit card numbers to
yourself.

-- Print invoices to an electronic document or keep a paper trail of
transactions.

Together at last

More than a year after Northwest and Delta  announced their merger, the airlines
are consummating their union at Reagan National Airport.

On Thursday, Northwest will move from Terminal A to Terminal B, where Delta is
located. Northwest's signage will be removed, and passengers with Northwest
tickets will follow signs to Delta, which will now control nine gates.

The move will force Frontier Airlines and Air Canada to leave Terminal B for
Terminal A. Air Canada will move on Tuesday, and Frontier will follow on
Thursday.

Reporting: Andrea Sachs and Nancy Trejos. Help feed CoGo. Send travel news to:
cogo@washpost.com By mail: CoGo, Washington Post Travel Section, 1150 15th St.
NW, Washington, D.C. 20071.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Craig Terry/cape May County Tourism; Cape May doesn't get air
time in MTV's view of the Garden State.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 18, 2004 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Adviser touts Bush policies at Acadia

BYLINE: LIZ CHAPMAN OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: ACADIA NATIONAL PARK


The chief environmental adviser to President George Bush touted the
administration's achievements in protecting the nation's air and water from atop
Cadillac Mountain Tuesday.

James Connaughton toured Acadia and spoke to reporters about Bush's "historic"
commitment to the environment. He said the president's environmental efforts
have been unfairly criticized, mostly because people either misunderstand or
misrepresent what the administration is doing to protect America's most precious
resources.

"We are keenly sensitive to health issues first and foremost," Connaughton said
while walking on the pink granite rocks of the highest peak on the North
Atlantic seaboard.

Regarding funding for the nation's national parks, estimated at 50 percent below
what is needed to meet the National Park Service mandates, Connaughton said Bush
has provided "historic increases" in funding for parks.

However, he said, the "booming economy" has resulted in more visitors to
America's parks and therefore more demands and needs for the additional money.

Also, while the president has provided full funding to cover the mandatory
annual salary increases for park employees, Congress has reduced the funding and
forced parks to cut back on other spending to make up the difference, he said.

"There has been massive support" by the administration in all areas of
environmental protection, Connaughton said, from land conservation to National
Park maintenance to forestry protections.

He noted unprecedented cooperation among the federal government, industry and
environmental groups in developing new initiatives to protect and maintain the
environment.

Bush's "Clear Skies Initiative," for example, would reduce power plants'
emissions for sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and mercury by about 70 percent
over the next 15 years, Connaughton said.

Meanwhile, the administration has passed a new rule to reduce pollution from
diesel engines by 90 percent by 2014 and sulfur in diesel fuel by 99 percent by
2010.

Connaughton said Bush's clean-air initiatives will reduce pollution at Acadia by
cutting emissions from coal-fired plants downwind from Maine, among other
efforts.

According to multiyear studies, dirty air drifts over Acadia from New York,
Boston, Portland and the Midwest.

The Maine park was listed as the fourth most polluted national park in the U.S.
in the most recent study in June.

Rob Perks, spokesman for the Natural Resources Defense Council, disputes
Connaughton's list of accomplishments and asserts that the Bush administration
has "a very hostile environmental agenda."

"This administration has racked up a horrible environmental record," Perks said
Tuesday from the NRDC office in Washington, D.C. "The record speaks for itself.
Time and time again, they have sided with the polluters. Their anti-environment
agenda is one that favors corporate interests over public health and
environmental protection."

The NRDC is the only major environmental group to track the administration's
environmental rule and law changes since Bush took office in 2001, Perks said.

According to Perks, the Bush administration, while touting its support for
national parks, has provided just $662 million since 2001 to address the NPS's
maintenance backlog of between $4 billion and $6.8 billion.

Bush's newest budget provides another $350 million, but in doing so, shifts
money from essential park programs.

Perks said the Bush White House is secretive and stymies public participation in
law and rule changes. While administration officials like Connaughton praise
Bush's commitment to the environment, "most Americans know better," Perks said.

Connaughton's visit to Maine had nothing to do with the November presidential
election, he said. As top adviser to Bush on the environment, Connaughton
coordinates the efforts of all the federal agencies that deal with the
environment.

His job does not permit as much travel as he would like, he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                              411 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 16, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

D.C. Mortgage Company Did No Wrong, Jury Says; Homeowners Alleged Threats,
Overcharges

Vernon Loeb; Caroline E. Mayer, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 728 words


A D.C. Superior Court jury found yesterday that Capital City Mortgage Corp. did
not intentionally misrepresent facts to a Washington couple who had borrowed $
10,000 for a second mortgage in 1986 and disputed the firm's accounting of the
loan.

Larry and Sandra Osbourne filed suit in 1993 alleging that Capital City and its
owner, Thomas K. Nash, had forced them into bankruptcy in 1988 by threatening
foreclosure and demanding ever-increasing amounts of money without explanation.
They also alleged that Capital City threatened to foreclose on their home in
1990 after accepting a payoff of their loan.

But the eight-member jury, after deliberating for two hours, found that no
evidence had been put forth during the four-day trial to substantiate those
charges and refused to award the Osbournes either compensatory or punitive
damages.

Eric J. Sanne, the firm's general counsel, listened to the verdict with obvious
delight. "I consider this jury verdict to be a vindication that Capital City
performs a valuable service in the community -- not trying to take advantage of
the borrowers who are its clients," Sanne said outside the jury room.

The Osbournes, who recently sold their house in the 2600 block of 10th Street NE
and bought a house in Fort Washington, expressed relief that their decade-long
battle with Capital City had come to an end.

"I'm rich in Jesus, and I have peace," Larry Osbourne, a decorated Vietnam
veteran, said on his way out of the courtroom. "Those people did what they had
to do with the facts they were given. I'm not angry or mad."

Sandra Osbourne said she felt that justice was done by taking Capital City to
task in court for its lending practices. "This was never really about money,"
she said.

A recent Washington Post analysis of 846 residential and commercial mortgages
recorded in the District by Capital City and other entities controlled by Nash
from 1984 through 1995 shows that foreclosure proceedings began on almost half.
Many of those loans, including the Osbournes', were made at 24 percent.

Nash and entities he controls completed foreclosure 159 times -- on nearly one
of every five mortgages they recorded -- taking away ownership of houses,
businesses and churches. The Post's disclosures prompted the D.C. Council to
enact a strict new law regulating mortgage lenders.

Nash, in an interview outside the courtroom, said that his foreclosure rate has
dropped precipitously in 1996. Nash said that his company currently has about
180 loans outstanding and has completed foreclosure this year on six properties.

The Osbournes' case initially was dismissed in Superior Court. But the D.C.
Court of Appeals ruled in their favor on appeal and sent the case back for a new
trial, finding "significant discrepancies" in Capital City's accounting.

Judge Russell A. Canan, who presided over the retrial, expressed surprise at one
point from the bench that the Osbournes' attorney, Paris A. Artis, had chosen
not to explore in detail the accounting practices cited by the appellate court.

Without such evidence, the Osbournes' case rested largely on their testimony
about the emotional trauma they suffered as they fought with Capital City over
their loan and faced repeated threats of foreclosure.

Larry Osbourne acknowledged from the witness stand that he missed some payments
to Capital City but said he was ultimately overcome by fear and anxiety about
losing his home after the firm repeatedly refused to explain why he was being
charged so much on his loan.

"I'd always wanted a home," Osbourne said. "But I had sat down and told my wife
and children that we were going to lose [our home]. As a man, I felt humiliated.
In Vietnam, I could control my fear, but I had no control over this. When I told
my son, he said, 'Well, Daddy, where are we going to go?' "

Sanne, in his closing argument to the jury, said that Osbourne was obviously
upset with Capital City but that he had no one but himself to blame for
repeatedly missing payments. Sanne noted that none of the amounts charged by
Capital City on the loan had been successfully challenged in court.

And he said that the firm's refusal to release the Osbournes' loan after
receiving a payoff check of more than $ 24,000 was the result of an error by a
settlement attorney who ultimately rectified the error himself.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              412 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 16, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

Accused travel agency not alone

BYLINE: CHUCK MURPHY

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1080 words

DATELINE: HOLIDAY



The sales pitch makes snow-weary Northerners feel like they've won the lottery.

    "Congratulations " the caller says. "You are entitled to an exciting
eight-day, seven-night vacation for two at a 65 percent savings.

    "You would like to go to the Bahamas, wouldn't you?"

    The calls have been repeated hundreds of thousands of times in the past few
years. Many times, the caller is seated in a large room at a travel agency, such
as Shore Travel Inc. in the Pasco County community of Holiday. The Florida
attorney general's office says Shore Travel and agencies like it are at best
deceptive and at worst illegal.

    "The total price to the consumer is not disclosed," said Assistant Attorney
General Jodi R. Marvet. "What I have seen is that they did misrepresent the
total cost of the package."

    Thursday evening, investigators for the attorney general got a court order
closing Shore Travel. It is the latest of several travel agencies and
telemarketers closed statewide in recent months in a crackdown on deceptive
travel sales.

    "We've decided to put a stop to it," Marvet said.

    In the past two months, the attorney general has received court orders
closing at least five travel and telemarketing companies in different parts of
the state. Shore Travel in Holiday is considered one of the largest. The
company's president, Thomas J. Barnes, recently told the Sun-Sentinel newspaper
of Fort Lauderdale that the company had sold more than 150,000 of the vacation
packages.  Barnes could not be reached for comment Friday.

    Joseph Perlman, a Largo lawyer representing Barnes and the company's other
directors, said Friday that he was negotiating with the attorney general's
office to resolve the complaints. Perlman said his clients hope to be back in
business by Tuesday.

    "We're talking about less than 1 percent of all the total sales they made
that have come back with some complaint," he said. "We've probably got fewer
charged back against us than Sears, Roebuck."

    Shore Travel is one of as many as 500 companies in Florida that sell
vacation packages through telemarketing firms and vacation coupons. The coupons
offer cut-rate travel packages to places in Florida and the Caribbean.

    Last month, the attorney general's office and the Federal Trade Commission
closed a company called Passport Internationale of Daytona Beach, one of the
nation's big-volume vacation dealers.  That company had annual revenues of $
25-million. Marvet said the attorney general's office is continuing
investigation of other large vacation and telemarketing firms.

    Affidavits filed Thursday with the state's lawsuit against Shore Travel show
that people all over the country complained to the attorney general's office
about Shore Travel and the telemarketing companies that sold its vacation
certificates.

    "They just misled me," said Ronald W. Huckleberry of Metropolis, Ill.

    According to court papers filed in Clearwater on Thursday by the attorney
general's office, here is how Shore Travel operated:

    Shore Travel sold vacation certificates. It used telephone banks of its own
and hired outside telemarketing companies to make the sales.

    Investigators aren't sure where Shore Travel got its customers' names, but
they suspect the names came from what appeared to be contest drawings in stores,
and at garden clubs and civic organizations all over the northern United States.
People who entered the drawings believed they had a chance to win a vacation to
the Bahamas or Disney World. Some were contacted by mail and told, "You have
been chosen to receive a vacation."

    The names of everyone who entered the contests or responded to the direct
mail campaign were given to telemarketers, who called them a few weeks after
they entered. A script for the telemarketers was supplied to the St. Petersburg
Times on Thursday by an employee for Shore Travel after investigators closed the
company.

    "Good morning/evening. Is this Mr./Mrs.  I'm with Shore Tour and Travel.

    "Mr./Mrs.  you registered for a vacation (at the garden club or a while
ago). Correct? Congratulations "

    The caller then tells the customer he will receive a vacation to Disney
World or Fort Lauderdale and a one-day cruise to Freeport, Bahamas, with three
days at a hotel there. The cost: a greatly reduced price of $ 400 to $ 500 for
two people. That does not include airfare, which is explained to the customer up
front.

    If customers are still interested, they are asked to give the caller a
credit card number so the cost can be billed directly. If they decline to give
the credit card number, they are asked to send a cashier's check to Shore Travel
for the cost of the trip. They are told to call back in a month or so to set a
date for the vacation.

    When they call back, they are told they need to send $ 130 or so for port
charges and tax. The attorney general's office charges that the travel company
sometimes billed that fee along with the original fee without the customer's
permission.

    The customers choose a date for their vacation and wait for confirmation.
When confirmation comes, they are told that they must pay another $ 180 or so
for tips and miscellaneous fees. The marketer then makes disparaging comments
about the budget rooms and recommends an upgraded hotel. The cost of the upgrade
is another $ 20 or so per person, per night.

    With the upgrade, the total cost of the trip, without airfare, is now $ 950
to $ 1,050. The bargain has evaporated.

    One woman who complained to the attorney general said her original package
was to cost $ 699 plus tax for a trip for two from Washington state to Orlando
and the Bahamas. The woman, Jan Berg of Port Townsend, wrote that the cost then
rose to $ 902.  Ultimately, she said, a telemarketer advised her to buy an
upgrade for another $ 832. She canceled the trip and later received a refund.

    Huckleberry, of Illinois, considers himself lucky. He canceled his vacation
before sending any money and is out only the $ 50 charged to his credit card
when he first spoke with representatives of Shore Travel.

    "I am lucky, but it's a shame," he said. "We looked forward to that
vacation."
 Information from the Sun-Sentinel of Fort Lauderdale was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                              413 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 1, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Berkeley Carroll School Is No 900-Pound Gorilla

SECTION: Section 13; Page 17; Column 2; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 255 words


To the Editor:

Your article "School's Critics Fix on Tree" (Nov. 17) seriously misrepresents
the Berkeley Carroll School.

Our immediate neighbors on President Street have tried to frame their very
personal resistance to a new building in environmental terms. Far from being
callous, our students and their parents have been in the forefront of the battle
for quality of life and environmental awareness in Park Slope.

The issue is not about the tree that everyone is trying earnestly to save. It is
not about a "900-pound gorilla" imposed on the community. Berkeley Carroll is
the community. We have a strong commitment to community involvement and we have
opened our facilities to community groups for youth basketball programs,
community board meetings and fund-raising events for other charitable
organizations.

Some residents are afraid their property values will suffer when Berkeley
Carroll builds its new athletics center. We think their fears are misplaced. The
school faced similar protests when we announced plans to build an extension on
our upper school on Lincoln Place. But since that addition was completed,
property values in the neighborhood have soared.

Regarding the supposed laugh with which I mentioned our hiring an arborist to
advise the school on saving the oak tree, I assure you that this did not occur.
I certainly find no humor is trying to do the very best for our school and the
community we serve.

BONGSOON ZUBAY
Headmistress
The Berkeley Carroll School
Park Slope, Brooklyn

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              414 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 18, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Being an American Means Knowing English;
Subsidizing Ignorance

SECTION: Section A; Page 34, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 249 words


To the Editor:

I believe your Oct. 29 editorial misrepresents the aim of U.S. English, whose
members you stigmatize as the ''English-only crowd.'' At any rate, as one of
that ''crowd,'' I have a hard time recognizing my own concerns in your
characterization.

You rightly say that advocates of making English the official language ''want a
barricade against the emergence of a two-culture America.'' Then you go on to
say: ''English is, and should be, America's language. All who would live here
should learn it. The overwhelming majority do, but America's traditions are
stained by offensive laws that say they must.''

I couldn't agree more that any law that forced people to learn a language they
don't want to learn would be offensive. In fact, I'm not sure I'm even willing
to go as far as you do when you say that all who live here should learn English.
Whether or not a person chooses to learn English should be entirely his or her
own business. I object only to subsidizing people's not learning it. Putting up
street signs in two languages, or printing bilingual voting pamphlets (which
have to be twice as thick and are produced at taxpayer expense), or supporting
bilingual education programs that make it easier not to learn English -these are
some of the things I object to. As a related matter, I also object when
English-speakers are turned down for such jobs as school custodian in Miami
because they don't speak Spanish.

WILLIAM GIETZ
Palo Alto, Calif., Nov. 1, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              415 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 15, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Tenant Selection Must Not Be Based on Race

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 258 words


To the Editor:

Robert Rosenberg, general manager of the Starrett City housing complex in
Brooklyn, believes race-based tenant selections make both legal and policy sense
(Op-Ed, Feb. 20). I take the opposite view on both counts.

The reason for my disagreement stems not - as Mr. Rosenberg misrepresents - from
any discomfort on my part with the Supreme Court's landmark decision in Brown v.
Board of Education. I have long regarded that 1954 decision (which laid to rest
once and for all the pernicious ''separate-but-equal'' doctrine) as one of the
Court's finest hours.

Precisely because of the equal opportunity principle in Brown, I have immense
difficulty with a tenant-selection policy that tells blacks higher up on a
housing waiting list they must be passed over in favor of whites when units
become available -to insure a racial balance and guard against so-called racial
''tipping'' (i.e., that the complex will, on reaching a certain percentage of
black tenants, ''tip'' and become all black).

If, as Mr. Rosenberg argues, there is a tremendous housing shortage in New York
City, the tenant-selection policy that makes most sense is not one racially
inspired but one wholly indifferent to tenant skin color. At least then, blacks
and minorities will not be turned away to satisfy an artificially high
white-occupancy rate set and maintained by the traditional old-boy network of
white owners, white developers and white property managers.

WM. BRADFORD REYNOLDS
Assistant Attorney General
  Washington, Feb. 29, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              416 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 6, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

The Day-Care Advantage

SECTION: Section 1; Page 18, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 441 words


To the Editor:

The editorial ''Use the Schools for Preschoolers'' (March 30) misrepresents our
position and the reasons we hold it.

The New York City Day Care Coalition has always been in favor of expanding
preschool education and child care. But we think the proposal to do so entirely
through the Board of Education is not cost-effective or in the best interest of
children. We propose instead that public education funds for preschool programs
be allocated to day-care and Head Start programs, as well as to the public
schools.

The quality of the city's nonprofit day-care and Head Start programs is as good
as or better than what the public schools provide. The teacher-training
requirements are the same; the pupil-teacher ratio is 8 to 1 (far better than
the 12-to-1 ratio The Times endorses or the existing ratios in public school
programs); the curriculum, materials and even the design of the buildings in day
care and Head Start centers are suited specifically to young children.  You say
that expanding half-day preschool classes will help ''poorer parents who work.''
It won't: public schools are open 182 days a year, but day-care programs are
open for 250 workdays a year; schools will care for children from 9 A.M. to
noon, but their parents work from 8 A.M. to 6 P.M.  Proposals made by public
school officials to shift children back and forth from one site to another, or
from one staff to another, will strike any early-childhood professional or
observant parent as ill-advised. Young children should not have to deal with
several different environments or groups of adults in the course of a day.
Public funds for day care and Head Start are in critical short supply.
Allocating public education funds to day-care and Head Start programs would free
up scarce funds, making these programs available to more children.

Finally, we must face the racial and ethnic aspect of this dispute. The majority
of public school teachers in New York City are white; the majority of pupils are
nonwhite. Day-care and Head Start centers, in contrast, have teaching staffs
that reflect the local population. There are Hispanic day-care and Head Start
programs, Haitian ones, Chinese and Orthodox Jewish. This cultural diversity is
critical to the development of a strong self-image in children and encourages
the degree of parent involvement necessary in any early-childhood program.

Our proposal is innovative but not unprecedented; other states have similar
plans. We think it is in the best interest of the children of New York.

ANTONY WARD
Chair, New York City
Day Care Coalition
New York, April 2, 1985

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              417 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 29, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Reducing Funding for the Humanities

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 582 words


To the Editor:

Re ''A Rising Call to Foster STEM Fields, and Decrease Liberal Arts Funding''
(Business Day, Feb. 22):

By moving to defund and marginalize the humanities in public universities,
Republican state leaders misrepresent an ideological agenda as a mere question
of dollars and cents. Having resoundingly lost the culture wars on campus, they
now seek to use the power of the purse to do what the power of ideas could not
do. They deploy budgetary power to force young people away from disciplines that
would provide them with a critical perspective on the present, and with a
knowledge of other cultures, languages and ages.

It is easy to see why a reduction of education to simple job training would
please leaders in a political party that rejects history, science and knowledge
of all cultures other than our own. Parents of public university students should
be outraged. Their children are being denied the tools for a full life in a
vital democracy.

TIMOTHY HAMPTON

Berkeley, Calif.

The writer is chairman of the French department at the University of California,
Berkeley.

To the Editor:

Who says a $45,000 salary is bad? That's what your article suggests, citing this
as the average salary for new graduates who majored in humanities.

I am nearly 56 and have a degree in history. When in college, many years ago, I
took classes in science, literature, history, art, philosophy and more. I work
in the humanities. I am not a lavish spender and feel that a salary of $45,000
is more than adequate.

I have my current job in the humanities because I returned to school in my 40s
to gain technical skills, after the rise of the Internet. Combining 30 years of
humanities skills plus fairly cutting-edge tech skills made me extremely
marketable. A broad education is vital. But staying current is critical.

No one should be bullied into studying something that does not appeal, and a
high salary is not going to make a sad person happy. What's important is how
colleges combine the humanities with tech skills so students graduate with
knowledge and market savvy.

KATHERINE ESPOSITO

Madison, Wis.

To the Editor:

That state and national politicians denounce education in the humanities and
liberal arts as somehow being less worthy of taxpayer dollars is farcical. If
state and education officials want to spend less on something and more on STEM
education, then maybe they should be looking at state university athletic
budgets and the many million-dollar stadiums across this country.

I think that a STEM education is emphatically important today. But it is not the
only important education. Learning and studying the humanities is what makes us
human. Shame on us as a society if we ever forget it.

JEFFREY L. VOLPINTESTA

Stamford, Conn.

To the Editor:

The debate about the funding of different college majors often pits STEM fields
against the liberal arts. However, knowing what the second law of thermodynamics
is about but not being able to explain it to someone else is like being a
terrific writer who has nothing to say.

As a mathematics professor at Hamilton College, a liberal arts college, I would
like to propose that what we really need are graduates who have a working
knowledge of the way the physical world works, who understand the equally
complex world of human endeavor, and who have the ability to transmit that
knowledge in written, spoken and artistic form. That is what the liberal arts
are really about.

RICHARD E. BEDIENT

Clinton, N.Y.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/29/opinion/reducing-funding-for-the-humanities.ht
ml

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              418 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Urging police to wear cameras is just the first step

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 520 words


Thanks to cellphone cameras, it should now be obvious that the USA has a serious
problem with police violence.

Too many officers have killed too many people under dubious circumstances, and
too often police have tried to misrepresent or cover up what happened.

When a citizen captures police violence with cellphone video, as happened when a
cop gunned down a fleeing man after a traffic stop in North Charleston, S.C.,
justice seems to be swift. But you can't always count on someone with a
cellphone being nearby.

Requiring police to wear cameras is one long overdue way to begin fixing the
problem, not just to protect citizens from unwarranted abuse but also to clear
cops of false allegations of police brutality. But calling for cameras is the
easy part. How to make them work in practice raises two surprisingly hard
questions: When should cameras be turned on? And who should be able to see which
footage?

It's tempting to say the cameras should roll all the time. But that could be
intrusive and destructive.  Cameras needn't record officers' bathroom breaks or
their private conversations over lunch. Even cops on the job have a reasonable
right to privacy. Confidential informants would likely clam up if they were
recorded, and ditto for neighborhood witnesses who would rightly fear
retaliation. Victims of abuse or sexual assault might think twice about calling
the cops if they knew they'd be on video.

Similarly, the easy answer for who should see the videos is everyone, and all of
it. But similar caveats apply. There's little value in making public
embarrassing video of people drunk or naked or both, as they often are when
police make arrests. There are also  privacy concerns for bystanders, witnesses,
children, crime victims, the mentally ill and people recorded in their homes.

Balancing those interests will take some time, but until then, some general
guidelines will help.

Police should have some discretion about when to turn cameras on and off, but
with a major catch. If a camera is off during a violent confrontation with a
civilian, the officer should be disciplined, and in any resulting court case,
the burden of proof should be on the officer to disprove allegations of violence
or misconduct, not the other way around.

Deciding who should see which videos is more difficult. But we agree with the
Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press that existing state public records
laws offer a solution. The best of them already provide good tests for balancing
the public's right to know against privacy rights and the legitimate needs of
investigations. Videos that have public value but intrude on privacy can be
redacted by blurring faces, license plates and other details. Special software
should make such a task easier and cheaper than many police departments claim.

Putting cameras on cops has already begun making it harder for police -- and the
public -- to get away with misbehavior that has too often been covered up. The
details are difficult, but they shouldn't stand in the way of providing the
evidence that can prove -- one way or the other -- whether excessive force was
used.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo George Frey, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             August 27, 2010 Friday
                             First Replate Edition

Ex-Beazer officer indicted;
Feds allege ?cookie jar' accounting coverup.;
Fired accounting chief accused of overstating, understating, profits.

BYLINE: David Markiewicz Rachel Tobin; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 340 words


The former chief accounting officer of Beazer Homes USA has been charged in an
11-count federal indictment that alleges he created an accounting scheme to
deceive auditors and misrepresent the company's earnings over seven years.

Michael Rand, 48, of Alpharetta, was arrested and appeared Tuesday in U.S.
District Court in Asheville, N.C. A detention hearing is scheduled for today.

The indictment includes conspiracy, securities fraud and other charges arising
from a government investigation involving the home builder and its employees.

It says Rand masterminded a "cookie jar" accounting scheme that made Beazer look
less profitable during boom times, then used those profits during lean times to
improve the balance sheet.

Prosecutors say Rand manipulated Beazer's books and records and deceived company
auditors to achieve earnings targets.

The government said the conspiracy lasted from 2000 to 2007, when Beazer
announced it had fired Rand for destroying documents during an internal
investigation of the company's mortgage arm.

Beazer, which has struggled amid the housing slump and federal probes of its
business practices, has shut down its mortgage unit. The probes focused on
Beazer operations in western North Carolina.

Rand faces penalties of up to 175 years in prison and fines of $3 million. Other
charges against him include witness tampering and misleading conduct.

The government also alleges Rand altered, destroyed and concealed records and
obstructed an FBI criminal investigation.

Rand is also being investigated by the Atlanta office of the Securities and
Exchange Commission on civil charges of misstated earnings.

Rand has hired Atlanta criminal defense attorneys Ed Garland and Don Samuel.
They could not be reached for comment, and the U.S. attorney's office declined
to comment on the case.

In July 2009, Beazer agreed to pay as much as $50 million in restitution related
to investigations of its practices, according to prosecutors, who agreed not to
prosecute the company as long as the terms of the settlement were met.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              420 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 14, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

Mississippi Farmer Pleads Guilty In Subsidy Case

Toni Locy

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A19; THE FEDERAL PAGE; IN BRIEF

LENGTH: 311 words


A Mississippi farmer pleaded guilty yesterday in U.S. District Court here to
improperly collecting nearly $ 800,000 in crop subsidies by conspiring with
former agriculture secretary Mike Espy's chief of staff and others to lie to
government officials about his eligibility.

Brook Keith Mitchell Sr., 58, of Greenville, admitted his guilt, along with that
of his corporation, Five M Farming Enterprises, before U.S. District Judge
Thomas Penfield Jackson on the day that his trial was to begin.

Specifically, he and the company pleaded guilty to four counts each involving
conspiracy, making false statements and false entries. Similar charges had been
brought against Mitchell's son, Brook Keith Mitchell Jr., 27, also of
Greenville, but will be dropped if he completes a special court supervision
program.

Mitchell Sr. faces up to 20 years in prison and $ 1 million in fines. His
company faces up to $ 2 million in fines. No sentencing date was set.

The guilty pleas are significant because they come in a case involving price
support programs, which are "very valuable to the honest farmer," said
independent counsel Donald C. Smaltz. "This case demonstrates one example of the
various abuses that can and have occurred in these programs, which are sometimes
referred to as Mississippi Christmas trees."

Smaltz brought the case over objections of the Justice Department, which
contended that Smaltz was going beyond his investigative mandate and had not
checked first with the attorney general. A special appeals court sided with
Smaltz, clearing the way for the Mitchells to be charged.

The Mitchells were accused of benefiting from improper influence exerted by
Ronald Blackley, a top Espy aide, in a dispute over a crop subsidy. Blackley had
represented the Mitchells earlier in the dispute, and later became Espy's chief
of staff.


LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, reuter , A top aide to former Agriculture secretary Mike Espy,
left, allegedly conspired with a Mississippi farmer to misrepresent the farmer's
eligibility for price supports.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              421 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 26, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

'Add-On' Costs In Historic Districts?

SECTION: Section 10; Page 10; Column 6; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 202 words


To the Editor:

Your excellent article on Dec. 5 entitled "Clinton Hill: The Past Serving the
Present"clarified the issues surrounding historic district designation by the
Landmarks Preservation Commission and crystallized many of the real and
intangible benefits that have come to the 61 historic districts in New York
City.

I would like to comment, however, on a quote that misrepresents the commission's
role in historic districts. Kathryn Wylde of the New York City Housing
Partnership cites higher costs for interior renovation of homes and businesses
in the districts. The commission does not regulate interior work in the
districts unless an interior space open to the public has been separately
designated. We do review major interior projects that require a Buildings
Department permit to insure that the protected exterior is not affected. Once
this has been established, a Certificate of No Effect permit is issued within 30
days and usually faster.

The cited "add-on costs" of $20,000-$30,000 to meet our requirements for
interior work are greatly exaggerated; there are no such costs.

LAURIE BECKELMAN

The writer is chairwoman of the Landmarks Preservation Commission.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              422 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 31, 1990, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Arkansas Aide Says Expense Errors Were Honest

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Oct. 30


Attorney General Steve Clark, on trial for theft, testified today that he never
meant to abuse a state-issued credit card and made honest mistakes when filling
out expense forms.

Mr. Clark faces one charge of felony theft by deception. He is accused of
entertaining friends, relatives, political supporters and even a former fiancee
on his state Visa card.

He appeared to choke back tears during his testimony, telling the jury, "I never
in my entire life meant to mislead or deceive or misrepresent."

He testified that when he itemized bills months later, he accidentally recorded
as guests people who did not eat meals with him. But he repeatedly said he was
given no restrictions on how to spend his credit card.

"I have tried to pay all personal entertainment that is on the card," said Mr.
Clark, whose annual salary is $26,500.

He took the stand after the judge denied a defense motion to dismiss the charge.
Judge Perry Whitmore of Circuit Court said Mr. Clark did not have the authority
to use the credit card in any way he wished.

"Any use of these funds, whether in Little Rock or in Memphis, was inappropriate
for there were no appropriations by the Legislature for that purpose," the judge
said.

Earlier in the trial, the prosecutor, Chris Piazza, accused Mr. Clark of
improperly billing taxpayers at least $8,448 on his credit card for the meals of
personal guests on 56 occasions from 1986 to 1989.

More than 100 of 141 witnesses who testified against Mr. Clark in the last week
said they either did not dine with Mr. Clark or did not discuss state business,
despite his claims to the contrary on expense forms.

The state rested its case on Monday with the testimony of three women who said
they did not know the state paid for their dinners, which sometimes cost more
than $300 a meal.

Mr. Clark's former fiancee, Carrie Christie of Atlanta, testified that Mr. Clark
dated her, asked her to marry him and later got back his engagement ring during
more than a dozen meals and trips paid for by the state in 1986 and 1987.

She said they broke off their engagement during an Atlanta meal that Mr. Clark's
expense forms show was held to discuss "low-level waste." That topic never came
up, she said.

She also said that Mr. Clark often jotted down notes on the back of his Visa
receipts. Mr. Clark has said that his record keeping was sloppy and that he
reconstructed his expense forms up to three months after the fact.

Cheryl Pruett of Germantown, Tenn., testified she spent the night at a Memphis,
Tenn., hotel with Mr. Clark. Records show the state paid for the stay. In honor
of her birthday, Ms. Pruett said, Mr. Clark paid $245 with the Visa card at a
Germantown restaurant.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              423 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

Editorial distorts

BYLINE: Public Forum Letter

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 218 words


The editorial "Rule change: Salazar reforms will improve process" (Our View, May
20) distorts the federal lands record in Utah. You ignore the seven years of
effort that the people of Utah contributed to land-use planning. Through that
effort, Bureau of Land Management Utah Director Selma Sierra, whom you so
denigrate, added more environmental protections than her predecessors under
President Bill Clinton, including closing 2.15 million acres versus 1.86 million
and tightening requirements on all other acreage.

You also misrepresent the Nine Mile Canyon categorical exclusions lawsuit.
Opponents did not "successfully" argue in court on the case, since the judge
never ruled on the merits. Instead, the Department of Interior completed a
backroom deal with the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance after the wells were
drilled in order to justify a political policy.

Because of Interior policies, $3.9 billion of investment has left the West's
public lands for other states. Interior's new policies will add even more layers
of red tape and at least three years to the process. A much better way to
achieve environmentally responsible energy development is on-the-ground
protection, not three more years of paperwork at a desk.

Kathleen M. Sgamma Independent Petroleum Association of Mountain States

Denver, Colo.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

PSU SEEKS DISMISSAL OF MCQUEARY'S SUIT

BYLINE: Mark Dent, The Pittsburgh Press; Local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; BRIEFS; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 689 words


UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. -- Penn State has filed a motion to dismiss former
assistant coach Mike McQueary's $4 million lawsuit against the university.

In a 27-page document, Penn State claims McQueary has not established a
sufficient claim for defamation, that it did not misrepresent him and that the
whistleblower claim, as well as the defamation and misrepresentation claims,
lack specificity.

McQueary's defamation claim, presented in his complaint, centers on a statement
from former president Graham Spanier from November 2011 reaffirming the honesty
and integrity of former athletic director Tim Curley and former vice president
Gary Schultz, two of the men McQueary talked to about Jerry Sandusky. Penn State
contends this statement wasn't defamatory.

For the misrepresentation claim, McQueary's complaint stated that Schultz and
Curley misrepresented by not reporting the incident to the proper authorities as
McQueary said they promised. Penn State contends that Schultz's and Curley's
actions, even if factual, do not reach the standards for misrepresentation,
particularly concerning whether their actions can be proved to have actually
caused harm to McQueary.

In November, Penn State requested a stay of the lawsuit, and it was denied by
Judge Thomas Gavin in December.

-- Mark Dent, The Pittsburgh Press

PSU DE in bowl

UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. -- Penn State defensive end Pete Massaro will join a pair
of teammates this weekend at the NFLPA Collegiate Bowl in California.

Massaro, who is the eighth Nittany Lion selected to participate in an all-star
bowl game this month, will be on the field with defensive end Sean Stanley and
running back Michael Zordich for the game at the Home Depot Center in Carson,
Calif. The contest will kick off at 6 p.m. Saturday and be shown on ESPN2.

Also Saturday, linebacker Gerald Hodges and center Matt Stankiewitch will
participate in the East-West Shrine Game, while defensive tackle Jordan Hill
will play in the Senior Bowl on Jan. 26 and quarterback Matt McGloin wil play in
the Texas vs. The Nation All-Star Challenge Feb. 2. Tackle Mike Farrell
participated in the Casino Del Sol College All-Star Game Friday.

NCAA BASKETBALL: USC fires coach

LOS ANGELES -- Kevin O'Neill was fired as Southern California's basketball coach
after 3 1/2 years during which he failed to turn around a program weighed down
by NCAA issues that preceded his arrival and a string of player injuries.

O'Neill had a 48-65 record, including 7-10 this season after going 6-26 last
year, setting a school record for losses.

Veteran assistant Bob Cantu will serve as interim coach while USC searches for a
successor.

Charges dropped against Iowa State player

AMES, Iowa -- Prosecutors Monday announced they had dropped a sexual abuse
charge against Iowa State basketball player Bubu Palo, paving the way for him to
rejoin the Cyclones.

Palo was suspended from the team in September after being charged with sexually
abusing a woman he was driving home in May. But the Story County Attorney's
Office said Monday that new forensic evidence on a blouse belonging to the woman
clashed with her sworn testimony as well as sworn testimony from her mother.

NBA: Kings snap skid

SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- DeMarcus Cousins had 26 points, 14 rebounds and six
assists, and the Sacramento Kings snapped a four-game losing streak with a
124-118 win vs. the Cleveland Cavaliers Monday night.

TENNIS: ATP Tour head has ALS

MELBOURNE, Australia -- Brad Drewett, executive chairman and president of the
ATP Tour, announced today that he had been diagnosed with ALS -- also known as
Lou Gehrig's disease -- and would resign from his post after little more than a
year in the position.

"I hold the ATP very close to my heart, and it's with sadness that I make the
decision to enter this transition period due to my ill health," Drewett, 54,
said in a statement.

The news came as a surprise in the tennis community, leaving some in tears in
the Australian Open players' lounge, and also in the meeting room where Drewett
announced his decision to members of the ATP board of directors.

Drewett, an Australian, was a compromise candidate as leader of the men's tour.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Chris O'Meara/Associated Press: EAST-WEST SHRINE PRACTICE EAST
RUNNING BACK RAY GRAHAM, OF PITT, RUNS PAST LINEBACKER MATT EVANS, OF NEW
HAMPSHIRE, TODAY AT PRACTICE IN ST. PETERSBURG, FLA. THE SHRINE GAME WILL TAKE
PLACE SATURDAY.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              425 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   September 20, 2002 Friday National Edition

Welch's estranged wife must revise controversial financial affidavit: Needs
'substantial' compliance, judge tells Jane Welch

SOURCE: Reuters

SECTION: Financial Post: News; Corporate Scandal; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: BRIDGEPORT, Conn.

BRIDGEPORT, Conn. - A Connecticut judge yesterday ordered the estranged wife of
former General Electric Co. chairman Jack Welch to revise a financial affidavit
in which she revealed the details of his lavish retirement package and sparked a
hail of investor criticism.

Mr. Welch has renounced his generous retirement perks, but the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission is investigating the benefits in an informal inquiry.
Jane Welch's 40-page filing caused a firestorm of criticism because it depicted
an extravagant lifestyle on the tab of GE shareholders.

A superior court judge in Bridgeport ordered Jane Welch, who is being sued for
divorce by her husband of 13 years, to file another financial affidavit that
conforms with court guidelines.

"I have asked you to file a substitute affidavit in substantial compliance with
the practice book," said Judge Julia Dewey.

Jack Welch also was ordered to file a financial affidavit. The deadline is Sept.
26.

Mr. Welch this week defended his benefits in an article penned for the Wall
Street Journal, saying they were given in lieu of cash compensation offered by
GE during his reign as CEO.

But he did not apologize for taking home a retirement package replete with
country club memberships, dinners at Manhattan's finest restaurants and a swank
apartment, as Jane Welch alleged in her filing.

Mr. Welch's lawyers argued that her filing was filled with irrelevant material.
According to Jane Welch's affidavit, GE even paid for groceries and toiletries
at their New York apartment.

In response, he has said the divorce court filings "grossly misrepresented" his
contract with GE.

Disclosures in the high-profile divorce case have sparked anger among investors
and launched a raft of articles about extravagant pay, bonuses and other
benefits paid by U.S. corporations to former executives.

William Zabel, a lawyer for Jane Welch, told reporters outside the courtroom
that even though the couple owns four homes, Jane Welch "lives out of a
suitcase."

He said she lives at the "sufferance" of Jack Welch's desire to live out of one
home or the other.

Jane Welch is receiving $35,000 a month from the former GE chairman and has
certain use of the couple's Connecticut and New York homes. But she has argued
in court papers the monthly allowance is inadequate to maintain the lifestyle
she enjoyed during her marriage.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Linda Spillers, The Associated Press; Jack Welch,
former GE chief executive, says court filings "grossly misrepresent" his
contract.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 997 DOCUMENTS

             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                   September 20, 2002 Friday National Edition

Welch's estranged wife must revise controversial financial affidavit: Needs
'substantial' compliance, judge tells Jane Welch

SOURCE: Reuters

SECTION: Financial Post: News; Corporate Scandal; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: BRIDGEPORT, Conn.

BRIDGEPORT, Conn. - A Connecticut judge yesterday ordered the estranged wife of
former General Electric Co. chairman Jack Welch to revise a financial affidavit
in which she revealed the details of his lavish retirement package and sparked a
hail of investor criticism.

Mr. Welch has renounced his generous retirement perks, but the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission is investigating the benefits in an informal inquiry.
Jane Welch's 40-page filing caused a firestorm of criticism because it depicted
an extravagant lifestyle on the tab of GE shareholders.

A superior court judge in Bridgeport ordered Jane Welch, who is being sued for
divorce by her husband of 13 years, to file another financial affidavit that
conforms with court guidelines.

"I have asked you to file a substitute affidavit in substantial compliance with
the practice book," said Judge Julia Dewey.

Jack Welch also was ordered to file a financial affidavit. The deadline is Sept.
26.

Mr. Welch this week defended his benefits in an article penned for the Wall
Street Journal, saying they were given in lieu of cash compensation offered by
GE during his reign as CEO.

But he did not apologize for taking home a retirement package replete with
country club memberships, dinners at Manhattan's finest restaurants and a swank
apartment, as Jane Welch alleged in her filing.

Mr. Welch's lawyers argued that her filing was filled with irrelevant material.
According to Jane Welch's affidavit, GE even paid for groceries and toiletries
at their New York apartment.

In response, he has said the divorce court filings "grossly misrepresented" his
contract with GE.

Disclosures in the high-profile divorce case have sparked anger among investors
and launched a raft of articles about extravagant pay, bonuses and other
benefits paid by U.S. corporations to former executives.

William Zabel, a lawyer for Jane Welch, told reporters outside the courtroom
that even though the couple owns four homes, Jane Welch "lives out of a
suitcase."

He said she lives at the "sufferance" of Jack Welch's desire to live out of one
home or the other.

Jane Welch is receiving $35,000 a month from the former GE chairman and has
certain use of the couple's Connecticut and New York homes. But she has argued
in court papers the monthly allowance is inadequate to maintain the lifestyle
she enjoyed during her marriage.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Linda Spillers, The Associated Press; Jack Welch,
former GE chief executive, says court filings "grossly misrepresent" his
contract.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      March 4, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

'The Census Undercount'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A24; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 518 words


If The Post hasn't taken leave of its census, it has certainly taken liberty
with the facts. In a Feb. 15 editorial, "The Census Undercount," The Post
seriously misrepresents the position of the Federation for American Immigration
Reform, 41 members of Congress and the states of Kansas and Pennsylvania, which
in February brought suit in U.S. District Court in Pittsburgh in order to
prevent illegal aliens from being included in the 1990 Census used for
congressional apportionment. As counsel to the plaintiffs, it is my
responsibility to set the record straight.

It is not FAIR's position to exclude illegal aliens from the total Census count
used for block grant dispersal, land-planning use and other myriad uses for
which Census data are used. Nor has it ever been FAIR's position that legal
immigrants should be excluded from the apportionment base.

FAIR's suit is breathtakingly simple in its premise: that illegal aliens --
foreign nationals living in the United States without the consent of the
governed -- should not be allowed to determine the political structure of the
United States. As it now stands, the Census Bureau intends to include illegal
aliens who may have been in the United States only a few weeks, while excluding
servicemen and women risking their lives overseas. We believe such a policy
makes little sense and is unconstitutional.

For its part, the Census Bureau does not seem to care that current policy
cheapens the vote of U.S. citizens and devalues the status of legal immigrants
in the electoral process. Nor is the question an ivory tower abstraction; a 1984
Congressional Research Service study based on U.S. Census Bureau data concluded
that because illegal aliens were included in the 1980 Census used for
congressional apportionment, Georgia and Indiana each lost a seat to California
and New York. The most recent CRS study concludes that if illegal aliens are
counted in the 1990 apportionment base, Pennsylvania is likely to lose a seat in
Congress while Kansas and West Virginia are threatened.

Is it possible to exclude illegal aliens from the apportionment base?
Absolutely.

Every Census question has its own set of instructions. By simply instructing
Census respondents not to list undocumented or illegal alien residents of the
household, the Census Bureau can develop a legal defendable "core" count of
citizen and legal resident aliens for apportionment and another for block
grants. The count would be different and fulfill different legal and social
needs.

In short, contrary to The Post editorial, excluding illegal aliens from the 1990
Census used for congressional apportionment would not necessarily affect block
grant dispersal, nor would it have a chilling effect on the minority count. What
it would do is guarantee that the political structure of the United States would
be shaped by the legal residents of the United States -- not by the capricious
action of the U.S. Census Bureau or the presence of millions of uninvited
nationals.

CORDIA STROM Counsel to the Executive Director, Immigration Reform Law Institute
Washington

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              428 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 31, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

CHRONICLE

BYLINE: By SUSAN HELLER ANDERSON

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 6; Style Desk

LENGTH: 147 words


INGRID CHAVEZ, a singer-songwriter, has sued LENNY KRAVITZ, a pop musician, in
Federal Court in Minneapolis demanding credit as the lyricist of "Justify My
Love" and a larger share of its royalties, The Associated Press reported
yesterday. Ms. Chavez wrote the lyrics to the song, which Mr. Kravitz produced
for MADONNA.

She says Mr. Kravitz talked her into giving up credit for the lyrics and
three-quarters of her royalties for $500. Her full share of royalties from sales
of the record, estimated at more than 10 million copies, would be hundreds of
thousands of dollars, said Ms. Chavez's lawyer, STEVEN KURTZ.

Mr. Kravitz said they agreed not to put Ms. Chavez's name on the song for
personal and professional reasons. "I didn't misrepresent anything to Ingrid,
and she received fair compensation for her contribution to the song under the
agreement," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              429 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 4, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Transit Police Enforce Subway Rules While Helping Homeless

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 505 words


To the Editor:

"Subway Plan on Homeless Is Abandoned" (news article, Jan. 21) misrepresents
Transit Authority policy toward the homeless in the subway. To state that the
Transit Authority and the transit police recently abandoned a plan announced in
October "to clear the subway system of homeless people" is nonsense.

There never was a plan for "mass sweeps" of homeless in the subway. The program
you mention, Operation Enforcement, was announced in October 1989, six months
before I became Transit Police Chief. It sought to restore a sense of order to
the subway by enforcing rules and regulations. While the label is no longer
used, the enforcement strategy itself has been dramatically stepped up, not
abandoned. This is not something that has happened in the last few weeks but
over nine months, as the transit police have established a comprehensive patrol
strategy for dealing with the key subway problems of disorder, farebeating and
robbery.

We are now engaged in the most concerted and most successful effort ever
undertaken to enforce subway rules. Compared with December 1989, ejections from
the subway for rules violations have risen 13 times to a total of 8,363. Indeed,
transit police enforcement activity of all kinds is at an all-time high. Summons
issued in December nearly doubled, to 25,650; misdemeanor arrests more than
tripled to 2,108, and felony arrests rose almost 13 percent, to 546. Felony
crime decreased by 11 percent and robberies by 14 percent.

You incorrectly report that the transit police are increasing their dependence
on the Homeless Outreach Unit to work with homeless rules violators. The police
officers assigned to this unit have done heroic and humane work with tunnel
dwellers, but the rules enforcement strategy doesn't rely on special units
alone. All of our cops are out there enforcing the rules. You denigrate their
superb professional police work by reporting erroneously that the strategy has
been abandoned because they won't do their jobs.

Finally, your story implies an opposition between enforcing the rules and
offering social services to the homeless. This is not so. The two approaches
work hand in glove. The Metropolitan Transit Authority's outreach efforts at
Grand Central, Penn Station, the A and E subway lines, the Transit
Authority-transit police bus program carrying homeless to city shelters, and
other private outreach efforts all work better in the context of consistent
rules enforcement.

Former subway dwellers have told us that by not permitting them to continue
living in a dangerous and debilitating environment, the transit police have
saved their lives. Transit police officers are not just saying "get out." By
enforcing rules they are helping to guide desperate and vulnerable people to
shelters and rehabilitation programs where many get help. We have not and will
not abandon our obligation to enforce the rules of civility in our subway
system.

WILLIAM J. BRATTON
Chief, New York City Transit Police
Brooklyn, Jan. 24, 1991

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              430 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 12, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Policy At the U.N.  In his article on Donald McHenry, Bernard Nossiter
misrepresents the actions and attitudes of the American Jewish community (''The
Quiet American at the U.N.,'' Sept. 7).

SECTION: Section 6; Page 138, Column 4; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 243 words


Mr. Nossiter states that after the March 1 United Nations vote on settlements,
an ''underground campaign began to paint Mr.McHenry, like Mr. Young before him,
as a black anti-Semite.'' No evidence is adduced to support this charge,
primarily because it is not true, in the case of either Mr. McHenry or Mr.
Young.

Both at the time of Mr. Young's meeting last fall with a P.L.O.  representative
and Mr.McHenry's vote last March, it was clear to supporters of Israel that
responsibility resided in Washington, not on the East River. If Andrew Young met
with the P.L.O., what mattered was that the State Department had been sending
out messages that the P.L.O. was essential to peace. If Donald McHenry voted for
an anti-Israel resolution, what mattered was that his superiors at State wanted
him to do so. To focus on the attitudes of U.N. delegates, it was understood,
was to allow those who make policy to escape public scrutiny.

Therefore, the Jewish community concentrated on the policies of the
Administration. There were no campaigns against Mr. Young or Mr.  McHenry.
ABRAHAM H. FOXMAN Associate National Director Anti-Defamations League of B'nai
B'rith

New York City

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              431 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL Edition

Letters: Philadelphia Councilwoman Maria Quiñones Sánchez responds to Stu
Bykofsky

SECTION: EDITORIAL OPINION; P-com Opinion; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 704 words


IT'S CLEAR that columnist Stu Bykofsky disagrees not just with me, but also with
the Daily News editorial board (Aug. 26, "What Is Philadelphia's Immigration
Policy?"), President Obama, hundreds of advocacy groups and ICE itself on this
complex civil-rights issue.

While I understand that Mr. Bykofsky is an opinion writer, that doesn't give him
a license to misrepresent my position or ignore any facts that are inconvenient
to his worldview. ICE's own data, included in our resolution, clearly shows that
since the time of the arrestee information-sharing agreement, the immigration
service has failed to identify and deport the most dangerous offenders and has
continued to deport witnesses and innocent crime victims, separating parents
from their American-born children.

This failed and broken enforcement policy is the reason Obama and ICE have
called for a review of more than 400,000 deportation cases and are refocusing
deportation policies on people who pose an actual risk. It is the reason many
other large cities, like New York, Chicago and Boston, have not renewed or
signed an agreement with ICE. It is the reason the DN editorial board called my
proposal to delay ICE access to police records until after a preliminary hearing
a "reasonable compromise to a tough issue."

Perhaps it's Mr. Bykofsky and not myself or the diverse community of
Philadelphia citizens who overwhelmingly elected me and re-elected me this
spring, the folks I work for and represent, who needs to do some more reading.

Maria Quiñones Sánchez

Councilwoman, 7th District

Mr. Bykofsky, in his Aug. 29 column, ridicules Councilwoman Maria Quiñones
Sánchez for supposedly "not reading the report" on immigration in Philadelphia.

Yet in his rush to condemn, he makes a factual error: "the first" crime, he
says, "is being here illegally." Lacking a visa is a civil offense, not a crime,
no more than parking illegally is.

Anthony M. Stevens-Arroyo

E. Stroudsburg, Pa.

Nutty insanity defense

Kristine Cushing is a walking poster girl for reassessing the insanity defense.
Her husband's former spouse, Trisha Conlon of Silverton, Ore., is fully in the
right for seeking court action to preclude her two sons from sharing the same
home with Cushing.

Who wants their children to live with a person who killed her two young
daughters, as Cushing did 20 years ago - though she was found not guilty by
reason of insanity? It's during sentencing when a defendant's mental state
should be taken into consideration. I don't understand how the insanity defense
produces justice.

Bruce S. Ticker

Philadelphia

Iran-Contra update

Christine Flowers seems unaware (op-ed, Aug. 19) that George H.W. Bush and
Ronald Reagan remain unindicted for the Iran-Contra scandal because Bush issued
a blanket pardon to Caspar Weinberger for any acts even remotely related to his
duties as secretary of defense before the special prosecutor Walsh was able to
go to court.

The prosecutor's final report that Weinberger's notebooks would have shown that
Bush and Reagan were intimately involved with the misdirection of public and
private funds to fund a foreign army of contras against the express restrictions
of Congress.

As Flowers should know, no such pardon has been issued in regard to Operation
Fast and Furious, which took place without the authorization of the attorney
general or the president.

Ben Burrows

Elkins Park

Irene pantywaists

The evacuations, the mall closings, the mass transit shutdowns - not to mention
the postponement of the Phillies-Marlins game: You can bet Ed Rendell sees this
as yet another example of the "wussification" of America.

Jim Acton

Collegeville

Remember the pits!

Since Michael Vick was given such a big contract with mega bucks, would he, out
of the kindness of his heart, donate some of his money to an organization that
rescues abused pit bulls?

Renee McKee

Stratford, N.J.

Hug-a-thug no-nos

Mr. Charles A. Williams: I think your idea that "Teen thugs need hugs" is
fabulous! Why don't you gather up 100 of the city's best huggers and meet at
Broad and South? You can advertise on a social website. Let's see how many show
up. But here's a heads-up: Leave all cellphones, jewelry and cash at home!

Anthony Zajko

Glenolden


LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BAY AREA ENJOYS JOBS TURNAROUND

SECTION: NATIONAL; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 870 words


Big promises, small gains - Dec. 8

We understand you have a political bone to pick with Gov. Rick Scott, but please
don't misrepresent what is, particularly in our own community, a remarkable
economic turnaround.

Here are just some of the big announcements we've made, and projects that are
underway:

- USAA announced in November plans to create up to 1,215 new jobs by 2019 and
invest $165 million in a new, 420,000-square-foot office complex. Land has
already been purchased in Brandon, with a time line to complete construction and
occupy the new facility by late 2015.

- Amazon confirmed plans in October to construct a 1-million-square-foot, $200
million fulfillment and distribution center in Ruskin, which will employ up to
1,000 local workers.

- In July, Bristol-Myers Squibb selected Tampa as the site of its North America
Capability Center, which will create up to 579 new, high-paying jobs. The
company is already actively engaged in the recruiting and hiring of employees.

- The Depository Trust & Clearing Corp. has created more than 500 new jobs since
arriving in Tampa in 2005 and this year announced it would add another 255
employees.

- Time Warner Business Services announced a move to Tampa in 2011, occupied a
new facility in 2012, and has since hired about 70 new employees.

Hillsborough County has the highest average annual salary of any Florida county.
Our unemployment rate has dropped almost 2 percent in the past year, while the
size of our labor force actually increased by 2 percent. We've led the state in
job gains in seven of the past eight months.

I hope you will take a second look at the jobs picture and recognize this
community for a job well done.

Rick Homans, president and CEO, Tampa Hillsborough Economic Development
Corporation; and Allen Brinkman, chairman, Tampa Hillsborough Economic
Development Corp., Tampa

* * *

Aide should disclose records

Dec. 21, editorial

Sealed records are just that

Kevin King is not guilty of a crime. The judge, in his or her wisdom, sealed the
records so that so that at some future time, information would not be made
public, used selectively in a vindictive, vengeful or harmful way, for the sake
of sensationalism or any other reason, including political purposes to tarnish
the reputation of any of the individuals involved. Don't you understand that?

King does not have any responsibility to release any records he might or might
not have. In my experience, it is unusual to possess or to be able to get such
records from an attorney. If he has them, no matter what they say, I do not
believe he should do other than hold them or destroy them.

He is not necessarily the sole person protected by their being sealed. Certainly
he has no moral right to release them as it might jeopardize the reputation of
others involved. He should honor the judge's decision and so should the Tampa
Bay Times.

There is no dishonor in being arrested. There is no dishonor in being accused of
a crime. There is no dishonor in being tried for a possible offense and not
being convicted. I don't know what there is about that you don't understand, but
the judge was afraid that someone might not understand that, so the judge sealed
the records to prevent it from happening. That is sometimes appropriate in the
cases of young people who are accused or involved in sexual indiscretions,
whether they were guilty or not, and especially if they were found not guilty.

Robert L. Johnson, Pinellas Park

* * *

Shine light on the record

I voted for Rick Kriseman and hoped not to regret it. Well, I do.

This situation screams for sunshine. If there is nothing to hide, pull it out
into the open, shine the brightest possible light on it and inform everyone. If
this was a mistake, let's hear Kevin King explain.

To Kriseman, I will say this: You owe it to this voter, and all who voted for
you, to set the transparency bar of your approaching mayoral tenure high -
higher than your predecessor, and higher than the need for complete comfort.
Show us how forthright you, and your administration, can be. We are waiting.

Juliana Menke, St. Petersburg

* * *

Florida jobless rate at 6.4% - Dec. 21

A painful twist

After reading this article in the Times, I suggest you have Jeff Harrington's
back examined by a competent physician. To bend over backwards that far in a
weak attempt to downplay the jobless rate just to make Gov. Rick Scott look bad
must have caused a great deal of damage.

I understand the Times delights in twisting the news to support Democrats, but
isn't there one editor there to put a limit on it so one could call your
workplace a newspaper?

David D. Bugbee, Palm Harbor

* * *

Fury erupts in India - Dec. 20

Why single out Muslims?

The photo refers to "Indian Muslims in Ajmer, India," burning an effigy of
President Barrack Obama over the mistreatment of Indian diplomat Devyani
Khobragade. How did the Tampa Bay Times determine the protesters' religion? And
how is religion material?

The case has touched the entire nation of India, a population of about 1 billion
inhabitants, predominantly Hindu. The Ajmer district is composed of 2.1 million,
of which a majority are Hindu at 1.9 million, with 244,000 Muslims, yet the
Times managed to profile "anti-America" Muslims.

Z. Shebaro, Tampa

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 1, 2009 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Video misrepresents;
Snowe on public option

BYLINE: MEG HASKELL OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 228 words


Confusion over a video clip shot at a recent health care rally in Portland and
circulating on YouTube reportedly has caused confusion about the position of
U.S. Sen. Olympia Snowe on the so-called "public option," a controversial
element of the national health reform debate.

At the rally on July 18, Snowe's Portland spokeswoman Cheryl Leeman read a
statement from the senator expressing her support for comprehensive reform of
the nation's health care system. The written statement contains the following
sentence: "That is why I support a public plan which is available from day one -
in any state where private plans fail to ensure guaranteed affordable coverage."

In the video segment posted on YouTube, Leeman is heard reading the first part
of the sentence but not the second.

Nancy Allen of Brooksville, a leader in the Maine Green Party, said Friday that
the missing clause makes it appear that Snowe's support for the public option -
a government-run program to compete with private insurance companies - is
unqualified.

"It is not her actual position," Green said, adding that Snowe should have
clarified the statement.

A spokesman from Snowe's Washington, D.C., office said Friday that the second
part of the sentence is obliterated by the enthusiastic response of the crowd at
the rally, and stressed that Snowe's position on the public option has not
changed.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              434 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      March 5, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition

The Enigmatic President

Joshua Wolf Shenk

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X09

LENGTH: 746 words



LINCOLN

A Foreigner's Quest

By Jan Morris

Simon & Schuster. 205 pp. $ 23


Reviewed by Joshua Wolf Shenk


Jan Morris, a Welsh writer acclaimed for her delicate, idiosyncratic blend of
travel reportage and history, proposes in her latest book to decide whether
Abraham Lincoln "really had been the saint he was made out to be, or was just
another political opportunist." From rural Kentucky to Washington, D.C., she
follows Lincoln's path, sprinkling bits of biography with imagined historical
scenes and bemused descriptions of "white trash" locals and tourists. At one
point in Lincoln: A Foreigner's Quest, she blames Lincoln for modern American
imperialism. At another, she judges that "he was essentially a nice man.
Academic historians cannot allow themselves such flip idiomatic judgments, but
to an outsider like me that seems about the truth of it. He was a nice man." On
the final page, she confesses that "I am still not quite sure" how to assess
Lincoln. Readers who have made it that far will be grateful to have their
suspicions confirmed.

Morris misspells names, twists language in several of Lincoln's more famous
quotations, cites "myths" and "legends" as evidence, and even misrepresents
several basic facts of Lincoln's life. She writes, for example, that Lincoln
"seems to have expressed no particular thoughts about slavery until he was well
into his forties," when in fact he wrote, at age 28, with a fellow Whig, that
"the institution of slavery is founded on both injustice and bad policy."

As with any biography, the criteria of interpretation and accuracy apply. And
yet Morris devotes considerable space to imagined scenes, characters and
dialogue. In fact, these fictionalized interludes grow more common as the
primary material becomes more plentiful. While Carl Sandburg conjured up scenes
that proper history could never tell, Morris makes up scenes the likes of which
did happen and are recorded or -- in the case of Lincoln meeting Robert E. Lee
during the Civil War -- are definitively known not to have happened.

Given this, perhaps Morris uses different criteria. In his review of Gore
Vidal's novel Lincoln in the New York Review of Books, Harold Bloom wrote that
Vidal "has had the precision of imagination to show us a plausible and human
Lincoln." One does not ordinarily associate "precision" with "imagination," but
the pairing of these words is evocative of a universal standard: A work of
history may declare itself unbound by certain conventions of scholarship but not
the goal of reaching for truth.

Lincoln has long inspired a desire for true understanding, and long confounded
those who seek it. His first major biographer, William Herndon, proposed to
capture Lincoln "just as he lived and breathed -- ate & laughed in this world,
clothed in flesh & sinew -- bone & nerve." Herndon had the considerable
advantage of nearly two decades of working with Lincoln, and also of one of
history's most ambitious oral history projects. And yet, after 22 years of work,
he confessed that he had failed. "As I trail the man step by step," he wrote,
"like a dog trails a fox, I find many new spots, many new holes, much to admire
and much to regret. It nearly kills me in my old age to persist in my search."

Many others have been similarly humbled by Lincoln; even his wife spoke of a
"poetry in his nature." The best of recent scholarship -- exemplified by Douglas
Wilson in Honor's Voice -- proceeds deliberately, with careful claims of fact
and nods to persistent ambiguities. There is a plain resonance here with fine
travel writing: the keen eye lent by distance and perspective but tempered with
humility.

To a subject for which she seems well-suited Jan Morris brings the irksome
attitude of a tourist who assumes too much and learns too little. She writes
casually, airily, with unflappable assurance. What frustrates is not that she
fails to answer her questions but that the questions themselves are so thin.

Morris does at times rise to the occasion, for instance with an evocative
portrait of Washington, D.C. in Lincoln's time. But when she returns the
narrative to her own trip, comparing the Monica Lewinsky affair to "the greatest
of all national scandals" (the Civil War), even those fine images wrinkle. This
is not a sign of precise imagination -- which Lincoln, whether in fact or
fiction, requires.


Joshua Wolf Shenk is working on a book on the melancholy of Lincoln.


LOAD-DATE: March 05, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              435 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 27, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Alien Life? It's Out There. Somewhere.

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 209 words



To the Editor:

Richard A. Shweder ("How We Down Here View What's Out There," Op-Ed, Aug. 24)
misrepresents the beliefs of those who reject the suggestion that alien beings
have visited Earth and the source of those beliefs.

Most reasonable skeptics believe, as did the late Carl Sagan, that the sheer
enormity of the universe all but guarantees that there is life somewhere out
there -- perhaps in many somewheres -- and that "intelligent life" is also
possible. They also believe that, at the moment, there is little evidence that
beings from other neighborhoods have taken the time and effort to visit ours.

Mr. Shweder's suggestion that skeptics believe as they do because science
fiction movies gave them nightmares could not be further off the mark. I, for
one, loved nothing better than staying up late to watch "The Day the Earth Stood
Still" and other classic space invader movies. Indeed, I suspect that many
skeptical scientists fed their early interest in gadgets by watching science
fiction movies as children. Thankfully, however, we have learned to distinguish
fact from fiction.

STUART A. VYSE
New London, Conn., Aug. 25, 1997

The writer is an associate professor of psychology at Connecticut College.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Jean-Philippe Vidon)

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              436 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 2, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Goethe's Faust Seeks Fun, Not Knowledge

SECTION: Section A;   Page 14;   Column 4;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 252 words


To the Editor:

In your article on the closing of the drinking hall Auerbach's Keller (Leipzig
Journal, Dec. 28), you misrepresent the terms of Faust's pact with the Devil
according to Goethe. Goethe's Faust does not, as you have it, agree "to make a
fateful bargain" with Mephisto, "selling his soul in exchange for limitless
knowledge."

Whereas earlier and later versions of the Faust legend do indeed portray Faust
as bargaining for knowledge, Goethe's Faust is distinguished by his having
acquired a distaste for knowledge.

Thinking's done with, for ever so long

Learning and knowledge have sickened me.

-- Then let's unloose our passions, sound

The depths of sensuality.

The explicit terms of his pact are that the Devil shall be Faust's servant in
this life in exchange for Faust's soul in the next. Faust makes use of this
remarkable servant in the pursuit of pleasure and action, not knowledge.

It is just this turn from knowledge to action that is marked by Goethe's most
famous lines:

"In the beginning was the Word" -- thus runs the text.

Who helps me on? Already I'm perplexed! . . .

The spirit speaks! And lo, the way is freed,

I calmly write: "In the beginning was the Deed!"

Indeed, this is one of the features of Goethe's masterwork that make it of such
startling relevance to our contemporary struggle with the ambiguous legacies of
the pursuit of knowledge.

WAYNE M. MARTIN
Assistant Professor of Philosophy
University of California
San Diego, Dec. 28, 1995

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              437 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 13, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Village Residents Support Housing for Prostitutes

SECTION: Section 13; Page 19; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 281 words


To the Editor:

Robert Lipsyte's Feb. 6 column, "The 'Nimby' Wars: View From a Backyard,"
misrepresents neighborhood responses to Dr. Joyce Wallace's plan for converting
her West 12th Street town house into transitional housing for about a dozen
drug-free former prostitutes.

In reality, the majority of long-time Village residents, like me, support the
proposal. Contrary to Mr. Lipsyte's assertion, Dr. Wallace's allies do not
"whisper" bleeding-heartisms. In numerous public forums, we have detailed the
well-planned cost-effectiveness of this professionally supervised facility whose
residents will be working and/or attending schools most of the time -- just like
their middle-class neighbors.

Dr. Wallace's advocates understand that opponents' visions of declining property
values and backyard Gin Lanes arise from race/class/gender stereotyping and fear
of "the other." Who will be the next undesir-ables? Jews? People of color?
Political dissidents? In reality, prostitutes live in our neighborhood now,
indistinguishable from their middle-class sisters with whom they mingle in
supermarkets, colleges and Community Board 2 meetings.

Robert Wagner, whose backyard abuts Dr. Wallace's, is quoted in the column as
asking, "Do we have any recourse?" Many neighbors would ask a more constructive
question: "In what ways can we get involved in welcoming our new neighbors?
Exchange GED/SAT tutoring for conversational Spanish lessons? Organize joint
street safety patrols?"

It is in Villagers' self-interest to promote the 12th Street shelter and
cooperate with former prostitutes striving to enter and contribute to mainstream
society.

FRANCESCA PATAI
Manhattan

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              438 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                January 27, 2003

Fact-finding mission

SECTION: MANAGEMENT; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 972 words



Fact finding mission

Ask lots of questions to squeeze the air from inflated resums and uncover false
claims.

BY SUZANNE GASPAR

A red flag waved when Vivek Kundra heard his new consultant with a degree from
Stanford University mispronounce the Ivy League school as "Stamford."

Kundra, IT director for Arlington County, Va., asked the consultant if he knew a
professor. The consultant said he didn't, then clarified that he meant he
attended Stamford University in England. "That's when it clicked in my mind,"
says Kundra, realizing something was amiss. "It's one thing to be ambiguous, and
another to straight-out lie. Lying on a resum is a sign of what's to come."

After playing a role in selecting the consultant to bring in, Kundra had trusted
the consulting firm to verify the resum of its employee. Within three weeks
slacking performance contradicted the claimed credentials of a PhD and 15 years
of experience.

When the consultant arrived for the job, Kundra asked him to spend a few weeks
researching a PDA implementation strategy and present his recommendations in a
report. "I wasn't happy with his first presentation . . .  technically he
couldn't perform. When asked about security considerations he tried to duck and
dodge the question," he says.

The deception resulted in six weeks of lost contract wages because Kundra
refused to pay for inept performance. Eventually a more-experienced consultant
came in to finish the project. Only then did Kundra learn that his complaint
about the first worker had uncovered the lies.

Resum puffery ranges from inflations to untruths. But a verified paper trail and
tactics such as technical drill-downs and panel interviews can confirm the
context and depth of skills, integrity of responses, and openness of
communication.

Kundra figures about 85% of the resums he reviewed for senior IT positions last
year included inflated experience.

But Jude Werra estimates fewer applicants outright lie on resums. His management
consulting firm, Jude M. Werra & Associates, produces the semi-annual Liars
Index. The report measures the percentage of people who misrepresent their
education claims.

Based on roughly 300 resums, results calculated for the second half of 2002 show
a decline to 13.71%, the lowest cumulative two-year average ever (see graphic).
Still, that's more than many employers would like. "Employers rate a claimed,
unearned degree as the worst of the inflated resum offenses," Werra says.

In Werra's experience, some IT executives aren't above misrepresenting their
credentials. He cites an occasion when he wasn't able to verify degrees cited on
a resum. Someone who learned on the job had falsely listed a bachelor of science
in engineering and a master's in business administration. "When faced with a
client like that, he's out," Werra says. "You can't rely on that person."

The firm also polls its newsletter readers about a series of resum
misrepresentations that include leaving employers off, inflating performance
results, and falsifying job titles or assignments, compensation history,
association memberships, employment and school dates.

Exaggerating results or the impact on a business is a common way of stretching
the truth. "A lot of results are of team behavior . . . rather than 'I' did it,"
Werra says.

Kundra agrees second-hand knowledge can lead a candidate to misrepresent actual
experience, "because they've sat in on lots of meetings and think they know
enough to talk about it."

Yet, Kundra admits it's hard to ask the right questions about a technology with
which you're not familiar. The consultant he hired talked his way in the door.
"He talked about all the work he had done in Europe and California. He was a
very good communicator. He would look you right in the eye, use technical
jargon, good posture, and smiled a lot."

There are people for whom life is just a series of deals, going from job to job
and tricking employers into hiring them, Werra says. However, he adds, "Career
folks understand the value of telling the truth."

Naturally, credentials alone don't get people hired. Rather, it's clarity of
intelligence and values that emerge with dialogue. Drill down with lots of
questions for an applicant to expose deceit, Werra recommends. "Most people
aren't good at misrepresenting themselves," he says.

When job candidates don't include dates on their resums, Werra asks why. He
finds that most will admit to not having particular experience but say someone
else told them to include it.

Look for patterns, and you'll probably pick up on the discomfort that's apparent
when something isn't right. Learning that an applicant got fired and left a
company off his resum should knock that candidate off the list. The more someone
avoids telling the story, or behaves defensively, "the more suspicious and less
attractive they become," he says.

Every resum detail is fair game for asking about, agrees Joe Puglisi. The CIO
for EMCOR, a construction and facilities service firm in Norwalk, Conn., says
resum details lead to questions about the team, and specifics of work done. "A
panel of technical experts pounding the candidate with interview questions helps
to validate experience," he says.

Asking hard, technical questions should identify the gaps, but getting
candidates to reach the point of saying they don't know reveals emotional
maturity, Kundra says.

Inflated resums are a reality of the hiring process, says Puglisi, who spends as
much time in an interview as a candidate is worth. "Everyone paints their rosy
self . . . tech folks who only coded, and senior executives who take credit for
increased sales when they'd only automated the process." While Puglisi hasn't
caught a blatant lie, he admits to hiring people who were convincing enough but
clearly not right for the job.


LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Network World, Inc.


                              439 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           January 19, 1993, Tuesday

PECHINEY AGREES TO PAY $ 3 MILLION IN IMPORT FRAUD CASE

BYLINE: JOHN BOYD; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 585 words


Pechiney World Trade (USA) Inc., which is indirectly owned by the French
government, has agreed to pay $ 3.09 million in return for the United States
dropping a criminal indictment and U.S. Customs Service charges over a series of
xanthate chemical shipments between 1986 and 1990.

The indictment had charged Pechiney and its U.S. agent with conspiring to
misrepresent the chemicals, which originated in what was then East Germany, as
coming from West Germany, where they would qualify for a lower U.S. import duty.
The charges also included undervaluing the shipments, also to pay lower uties.

Xanthates are used by mining companies to separate metals from ore.

Friday, both a Pechiney spokeswoman in Greenwich, Conn., and Assistant U.S.
Attorney Mel Johnson in Milwaukee noted that the settlement agreement does not
specify any company guilt in the case.

Mr. Johnson said a separate agreement with Pechiney's U.S. agent, Richard C.
Iversen of Tucson, Ariz., includes a guilty plea that could put him in prison.
That agent was the only person in the case who lived in the United States and
could be pursued on a personal basis, Mr. Johnson added.

Cherise Miles, spokeswoman for Customs' regional office in Chicago, said ''this
ranks among the highest settlements (in dollar terms) that we've ever had in
this region." Another case about five years ago involved a larger sum, she said.

The shipments went through various U.S. ports over the four years. When the
Customs Service questioned the origins of a chemical shipment in 1990, an
employee of another Pechiney Group company in Hamburg even sent a Milwaukee
customs broker a letter from the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce stating the
shipments originated in West Germany, the indictment said.

On Jan. 14, after receiving notice that the first 25 percent wire transfer
payment from Pechiney had cleared, Mr. Johnson said he filed in court an order
for dismissal of the indictment and released the agreement documents.

Customs had said the alleged violations involved the loss of about $ 750,000 in
duties that were not collected, but said the civil penalties could go up to $
4.6 million.

The agreement settles both the criminal indictment and all customs claims in the
case against Pechiney "without admission of criminal misconduct or other
liability by any party to this agreement," the document says.

The case had been slated to go to trial in September. Mr. Johnson said it was
delayed at one point as U.S. officials sought permission to depose two former
Pechiney employees in Hamburg, and was later delayed as serious negotiations
developed to settle the case.

Mr. Iversen had been charged with nine counts, but agreed to plead guilty to one
that carries a possible fine of up to $ 250,000 and up to five years in prison,
the documents show.

But his attorney, Bruce Heurlin, said Friday that Mr. Iversen "had nothing
whatsoever to do with the inception, planning and participation of this," and
had only become aware that he was caught up in the scheme well after it was
already under way.

The government has agreed, in fact, to inform the sentencing court that the
evidence does not indicate Mr. Iversen was a knowledgeable participant in the
misrepresentations of xanthate values, and will recommend a sentence at the low
end of federal guidelines.

Mr. Heurlin said his client had been in this business more than 10 years, and
has no previous arrests. Mr. Iversen is expected to plead and be sentenced on
March 3.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              440 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

YES, CHENEY AND KERRY MEANT IT

BYLINE: Jac Wilder VerSteeg

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 673 words


Two theories about spur-of-the-moment comments:

1) They provide an unguarded glimpse of what the speaker really thinks or feels.

2) Blurted words often come out wrong and misrepresent the speaker's true
thoughts and feelings.

We will now test these theories, using recent comments by Vice President Dick
Cheney and U.S. Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.

During a radio interview last week in Fargo, N.D., a friendly talk-show host who
was chatting with the vice president about the administration's policies toward
terrorists and interrogation asked, "Would you agree that a dunk in water is a
no-brainer if it can save lives?''

Mr. Cheney immediately replied, "Well, it's a no-brainer for me.''

Critics howled that Mr. Cheney had endorsed the controversial interrogation
technique knows as waterboarding. Considered by many to be torture,
waterboarding involves making the suspect/terrorist believe that he is drowning.
This can be accomplished by dunking or by fitting the victim/suspect with a hood
and pouring water over his head to keep the cloth saturated.

The vice president quickly denied that he had been talking about waterboarding
at all. The reasonable follow-up question was: OK, then what were you talking
about? To which the vice president replied: We don't talk about interrogation
techniques. That's patently untrue, since the issue only came up precisely
because the vice president was talking about interrogation techniques.

I think it's obvious that the vice president blurted out what he really
believed, then realized that could be a liability and tried to take it back.
What else could he have been talking about? Boogie boarding?

I don't understand why the veep didn't just say, "Hell, yeah, I endorsed
waterboarding." His fans would love him all the more for it.

Now, we come to Sen. Kerry, who, in my opinion, also blurted out exactly what he
thinks is true. During a speech Monday at Pasadena (Calif.) City College, Sen.
Kerry said: "You know, education, if you make the most of it, you study hard,
you do your homework and you make an effort to be smart, you can do well. If you
don't, you get stuck in Iraq."

President Bush and other critics jumped all over that, of course, saying that
Sen. Kerry had impugned the intelligence of people serving in the military. The
senator, acting all indignant, said it was just a "botched joke," and he'd been
trying to make fun of President Bush, not the troops.

Maybe it was a botched joke, much like Sen. Kerry's 2004 election campaign. But
why in the world would he even try to joke? This is a guy so stiff that Dick
Cheney could use him to drown a terrorist. Just because polls show that voters
are getting their news from Jon Stewart doesn't mean that politicians should try
to be comedians.

Sen. Kerry has a lot more military bona-fides than either President Bush or Vice
President Cheney. But it wouldn't surprise me to find that Sen. Kerry has a very
high opinion of his own intelligence and a much lower opinion of the
intelligence of people who join up for today's Army. Maybe he was making fun of
President Bush, but I think he implied that lots of the troops are dumb, and I
think that, deep in his heart, that's what he thinks.

Neither Sen. Kerry nor Vice President Cheney has done those troops any good by
their comments. When the vice president endorses torture, it gives back-handed
permission for our enemies to torture any U.S. troops they capture. And when a
prominent senator implies that people who join up are dumb, he damages
recruiting efforts and also makes it more acceptable for policymakers to
shortchange troops and veterans on equipment, pay and health-care benefits.

Both Vice President Cheney and Sen. Kerry tried to push Theory Two: They didn't
mean what they said. But in these instances, I'm sticking with Theory One. Which
is worse? You decide. Sen. Kerry thinks that troops are dumb, and Vice President
Cheney thinks that they're expendable.

Jac Wilder VerSteeg is deputy editorial page editor of The Palm Beach Post. His
e-mail address is jac_versteeg@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 24, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Voters group bashes anti-Grant ad;
Project Vote Smart forbids negative use of its surveys;

BYLINE: Betsy Z. Russell Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 720 words

DATELINE: BOISE


A national nonpartisan group is decrying the latest attack ad in Idaho's 1st
District congressional race.

The Washington, D.C.-based Club for Growth started running a TV ad targeting
Democrat Larry Grant on Saturday and reported to the Federal Election Commission
that it spent more than $180,000 just that day on the ad. The ad claims to cite
Grant's responses to a Project Vote Smart survey about key issues, using his
answers to criticize "liberal Larry Grant."

But Project Vote Smart, a group founded by such political opposites as former
Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter and Sens. Barry Goldwater and George
McGovern, specifically forbids the use of its candidate survey results in "any
negative campaign activity, including advertising, debates and speeches."

Adelaide Kimball, a board member and senior adviser at Montana-based Project
Vote Smart, said of the new anti-Grant ad, "They attack this candidate and
completely misrepresent his responses."

Project Vote Smart put in two calls to the Club for Growth complaining about the
ad on Monday, she said, but hadn't heard back. Former Congressman Pat Toomey,
president of the Club for Growth, was out of the office and couldn't be reached
for comment Monday afternoon.

On its Web site, the Club for Growth said that it's "considering running similar
advertisements across the country."

The Club for Growth spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on an independent
campaign in the 1st District GOP primary, running TV commercials attacking
second- and third-place finishers Robert Vasquez and Sheila Sorensen as
tax-raisers. The group endorsed Bill Sali, who won the six-way race with 25.8
percent of the vote.

Sali's campaign spokesman, Wayne Hoffman, said Monday that he hadn't seen the
new ad and couldn't comment on it. It's the second independent attack ad against
Grant to start running in Idaho in a week; the first was paid for by the
National Republican Congressional Committee.

Project Vote Smart on Monday released statistics showing that the number of
congressional candidates nationwide responding to its issue surveys has
plummeted from 72 percent in 1996 to 48 percent today. Kimball said fear of
misuse of the survey is prompting many candidates not to respond.

"Not only does it hurt this candidate and this candidate's campaign, but it also
directly strips citizens of information they really need in order to be smart
voters," Kimball said.

Project Vote Smart on Monday announced its new "Voter's Self-Defense System,"
which includes not only the candidates' survey responses, but also legislative
voting records, searchable speeches and public statements, and more. The
information is online at  www.vote-smart.org, or can be found toll-free at (888)
VOTE SMART.

Kimball said Project Vote Smart was founded to help voters sort through campaign
propaganda and find honest information on where candidates stand so they can
make informed choices.

"Our intention is to put it in the hands of every citizen around the country so
they can defend themselves against this junk," she said. "I think it's a
disaster that candidates are running campaigns the way they are. ? The public is
powerless. That's why we established the voter self-defense system."

The Club for Growth's anti-Grant ad claims that Grant told Project Vote Smart
that he would "keep the death tax" and "increase welfare spending." No questions
with that wording are in the Vote Smart survey. Grant did say in the survey that
he wants to "revamp estate tax to make it more fair" and that he favored
increasing funding for child-care programs and housing assistance.

Sali didn't respond to the Project Vote Smart survey.

Meanwhile, both candidates have new TV ads starting throughout the district.
Sali's feature GOP state Reps. Lawerence Denney, R-Midvale, and Julie Ellsworth,
R-Boise, praising him, along with a blind woman and a dental clinic operator
praising his work on legislation.

Grant's new ad features comments from other Republican leaders criticizing Sali.

SIDEBAR:

ON THE WEB

CANDIDATE SURVEYS

Project Vote Smart's new "Voter's Self-Defense System" includes candidates'
survey responses, legislative voting records, searchable speeches and public
statements, and more.

The information is online at  www.vote-smart.org or can be found toll-free at
(888) VOTE SMART.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              442 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 13, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Immigration Service Needs a Major Overhaul

SECTION: Section 1;   Page 18;   Column 4;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 237 words


To the Editor:

Your "Failures Without Penalties" series (July 7 and 8), on the Immigration and
Naturalization Service, exposes one facet of a spreading agency-wide scandal.
The service's inability to hold anyone accountable for the riot last year at the
Esmor detention center in Elizabeth, N.J., and other incidents suggest an agency
out of control:

* When service managers deceived a Congressional task force in 1995 on the
actual numbers of illegal immigrants being detained in Miami, they committed
possible criminal actions. By destroying E-mail evidence to obstruct a
Department of Justice investigation, they compounded their malfeasance.

* At San Diego, border patrol agents complain that they must misrepresent the
number of illegal immigrants apprehended to make a costly program called
Operation Gatekeeper appear successful in reducing the number of illegal
border-crossings.

These incidents merit Congressional inquiry and grand jury investigations. At
the least, they show the need for a major overhaul of a troubled agency.
Congress may need to separate immigrant benefits (refugee status, grants of
asylum and naturalization) from border-control enforcement. When a nation fails
to enforce its laws, one or the other must change.

JAMES H. WALSH
Garrett Park, Md., July 9, 1996

The writer was an associate general counsel for the Immigration and
Naturalization Service, 1983-94.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              443 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 18, 1999, Sunday, Metro Edition

BRIEFLY

BYLINE: From staff and news services

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 5F

LENGTH: 661 words

Woman denies pretending to be Chastain
A Fort Collins, Colo., woman who posed as a member of the U.S. women's soccer
team and wore Brandi Chastain's gold medal at Mile High Stadium this week claims
she did nothing wrong.

Deanna Felde showed up at Mile High on Tuesday during a men's soccer game with a
World Cup jersey on her back, Chastain's medal around her neck and a baseball
cap drawn down low over her eyes.

Fans thought Felde was Chastain's teammate, Kristine Lilly, and she even signed
autographs and threw World Cup T-shirts into the crowd before officials figured
out she was not Lilly and ordered her back to her seat.

Felde, a volunteer for the women's team who said she worked in the locker room
during the July 11 championship game at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif. ,
later went to Fort Collins police on her own accord.

''She stated that she just got caught up in the moment, and it just kept
snowballing and she didn't know how to get out of it,'' officer Kim Steffen said
in report.

''It's a big misunderstanding,'' Felde said. ''I didn't misrepresent anyone.
It's just a matter of circumstances.''

Felde told police that immediately after the women's soccer championship, she
heard Chastain say she couldn't find her medal, and that she later noticed a
medal in her own bag.

Felde said she went to Tuesday's match between the U.S. men's team and Britain's
Derby County because she had heard that women's soccer team members would be
there and thought she could return the medal to Chastain.

People simply mistook her for Lilly, she said.

''I never said I was on the team or introduced myself as anybody,'' Felde said,
adding that she wore the medal around her neck because she'd had it in her
pocket earlier and it had fallen out.

Felde told police she mailed the medal back to the coach of the women's team in
a yellow envelope with four stamps on it. But the whereabouts of the medal were
unknown Friday.

Chastain's husband, Jerry Smith, said it hadn't yet arrived at their home in
California, and Chastain was in New York.

HOCKEY
Rangers sign Lefebvre
The New York Rangers have added yet another free agent to their roster with the
reported signing of veteran defenseman Sylvain Lefebvre. Lefebvre signed a
four-year contract worth $ 10 million with a fifth-year option at $ 3 million,
according to the New York Daily News. Lefebvre became the sixth free agent
acquired by the Rangers in a two-week period since the free agent market opened
on July 1. . . . Kyle Freadrich, a left wing who played for two minor league
teams last season, signed a three-year contract with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

HORSE RACING
Hopkins claims threats

Yes It's True solidified his standing as the country's top sprinter, driving
late to beat Good And Tough by three-quarters of a length in the $ 300,000 Frank
J. DeFrancis Memorial Dash at Laurel.  The D. Wayne Lukas- trained colt,
carrying seven more pounds then any other entrant, won his fourth straight
start, finishing six furlongs in 1:08.67. . . . Jockey Richard Migliore broke
his right arm in a spill in the third race at Belmont Park. Migliore's mount,
J.Carson, broke down in his left foreleg nearing the stretch. Native Guide,
ridden by Ariel Smith, could not avoid the fallen horse and appeared to step on
Migliore. J. Carson was destroyed on the track. Smith was treated and released
at North Shore University Hospital.

BOXING
Gomez retains WBC title
Juan Carlos Gomez stopped Jamaica's Bruce Scott with a barrage of punches in the
sixth round to retain the WBC cruiserweight title in Duesseldorf, Germany. The
fight was halted with 14 seconds left in the round as Scott appeared defenseless
after being driven into the corner by the Cuban-born Gomez, who now fights in
Germany. . . . David Reid was knocked down by Kevin Kelly but came back to win a
unanimous decision and retain the WBA super welterweight boxing title in
Atlantic City.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              444 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              June 14, 2015 Sunday

LENGTH: 338 words


"(P)rogressives must misrepresent their intentions and definitely conceal their
consequences. This explains euphemistically rebranding "[#x2dc]liberal' and
"[#x2dc]leftist' as "[#x2dc]progressive.' It's also why taxes are redefined as
"[#x2dc]investments' and redistribution of wealth became "[#x2dc]paying their
fair share.'"

"" Mark Landsbaum, writing in the Orange County Register.

"This calculated and intellectually dishonest push has taken a turn for the
ridiculous, with (Hillary) Clinton now calling for a national early-voting
standard of at least 20 days "" which is nice, but in Ohio, 20 days would be a
reduction from the current 28-day period."

"" from a Columbus Dispatch editorial, lambasting Hillary Clinton for accusing
Ohio of attempting to restrict voting rights.

"(W)e have held that congressional acquiescence is only "[#x2dc]pertinent' when
the president acts in the absence of express congressional authorization, not
when he asserts power to disregard a statute, as the executive does here."

"" Chief Justice John Roberts, in his dissent in a case in which the high court
struck down a law that allowed Americans born in Jerusalem to list Israel as the
place of birth on their U.S. passports.

"I can't wait until they dig up a story about (Marco) Rubio's suspicious string
of dead goldfish. I bet that will be fascinating."

"" Emily Zanotti, writing in The American Spectator, on The New York Times'
shocking revelation that the U.S. senator of Florida is, in Ms. Zanotti's view,
"financially responsible."

"The idea has taken root that America no longer has what it takes to run the
Middle East. That it ever could was an illusion. But America still has a vital
part to play. If it continues to stand back, everyone will be worse off ""
including Americans."

"" from an editorial in The Economist.

"(W)hen we look at our flag and behold it emblazoned with all our rights we must
remember that it is equally a symbol of our duties. Every glory that we
associate with it is the result of duty done."

"" President Calvin Coolidge.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              May 8, 2012 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

EMBRACING THE FAITH

BYLINE: EMILY E. TEODORSKI

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 232 words


As a young Catholic woman (and convert to the faith) considering a religious
vocation, I found Maureen Dowd's April 30 column ("Now Muzzling Nuns") to
grossly misrepresent the trends of religious life in this country. She states
that communities of sisters are dying out because young women are unwilling to
make sacrifices for a church that she claims bullies nuns and attacks women.

Young women are, in fact, willing to make sacrifices for the church in those
communities that remain faithful to the church, something many of the
communities in the Leadership Conference of Women Religious have failed to do.
Young women are flocking to religious communities that are faithful to the
teachings of the church, wear a religious habit and live and pray in community.

I would like to suggest that Ms. Dowd take a look at the Sisters of Life in New
York City, the Dominican Sisters of St. Cecilia in Nashville, the Sisters of
Mary, Mother of the Eucharist in Ann Arbor, the Missionaries of Charity, the
Franciscan Sisters of the Renewal, to name just a few.

Most women who enter these communities are in their 20s. There, Ms. Dowd, you
will find joyful young women, in full habit, who embrace the church's teachings,
have great love for the pope and who are willing to make tremendous sacrifices
to live a life that stands in direct contradiction to the ways of the world.

EMILY E. TEODORSKI

Squirrel Hill

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              446 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                February 4, 2008

'Baseless' claims in editorial on payee notification rule

BYLINE: Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly Staff

LENGTH: 227  words


To the editor:

This is in response to the editorial in the Jan. 14 issue of Lawyers Weekly that
criticizes the promulgation by Insurance Commissioner Nonnie S. Burnes of a
bulletin requesting insurance payee notification ("Stop fraud, but don't insult
lawyers"). The editorial characterized the bulletin as"insulting" to the legal
profession and suggestive "that attorney theft is running rampant. "

The editorial blatantly misrepresents the position of both the insurance
commissioner and the Clients' Security Board, and clearly does not reflect the
position of the organized bar in this state. After careful consideration, and
spirited debate, payee notification was endorsed by the Massachusetts, Boston,
Worcester, Women's, Berkshire and Dukes County bar associations, the
Massachusetts chapter of the Federal Bar Association and the National Academy of
Elder Law Attorneys.

If such widespread support by the bar sends a message to the public, it is that
the overwhelming majority of honest lawyers support a very simple and practical
measure that will deter dishonest conduct (and alleviate client harm) by those
few dishonest lawyers who steal from their clients.

Client protection measures reflect positively on the profession, contrary to the
baseless assertions in the editorial.

Peter G. DeGellekeBoston

The writer is chairman of the Clients' Security Board.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             July 28, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 720 words


Luebke misrepresents school's student body

Rep. Paul Luebke, despite being the parent of an alumnus and living less than a
mile from the campus, has very little knowledge about the make-up of the North
Carolina School of Science and Math's student body. The school is mandated by
the state to accept an equal number of students from each congressional
district. Additionally, the school has had a minority recruiter in place for
years and is rich in events, programs and academics celebrating
African-Americans, Hispanics and Native Americans. No school in the state more
accurately represents the state's student population.

Additionally, to say "the poor" are not well-enough represented is incorrect.
For years, the school has had in place an endowment for the sole purpose of
assisting students whose parents can't afford to support their students' need
for pocket money and student activities.

Doesn't revoking a financial incentive for college as way to look out for "the
poor" sound a bit contradictory? For elected officials with oversight of an
important North Carolina academic institution to say that NCSSM does not
represent the demographics of the state is frightening. What else do Luebke and
Rep. Paul Stam legislate with so little understanding?

Lastly, if the tuition program is not working, how about Stam and Luebke
introduce an education program that does? Clearly, Gov. Jim Hunt's vision for
NCSSM, and the state's education system, is still too advanced for today's
General Assembly. Nothing says "support our students" like the revocation of
free education.

CRAIG ROWE

Raleigh

Health care solutions

Star Parker's July 24 column ("No to Medicaid for the middle class") raises
legitimate questions about the root cause of our nation's health care crisis. I
am convinced that those who have made up their minds that the same government
that created the problem is capable of fixing it are victims of tunnel vision.

Suppose grandparents were allowed to add their uninsured grandchildren to their
employee health care plans. Suppose adult children could cover their elderly
parents on their employee health care plans. Where is it written that the
current system cannot be adjusted to fit the needs of the consumer?

I write this letter having lost a dear friend who died while waiting for
"permission" from her state health care provider to see her doctor concerning
shortness of breath after having suffered a broken arm.

My motivation for questioning government-provided health care is not due to a
lack of compassion. Government-run health care is not compassionate. It is a
bribe.

I sincerely hope that Star Parker's case for free market corrections concerning
health care will spur serious debate on the subject. Our freedom and our very
lives depend on it.

PAULA MANN

Durham

What ails America

I want to thank The Rev. Billy E. Williams Sr. for taking the time to respond to
my July 22 letter. While I was disappointed with his extreme prejudicial
treatment of the facts, his virulence demonstrated the depths one will sink in
an attempt to discredit those with whom they disagree.

Williams claims I have the "same mind set as a terrorist" because I stated the
responsibility of raising children is the domain of parents and not the
government. Quite the opposite, my mind-set is certifiably American as defined
by the 10th Amendment, which provides that all rights not specifically given to
the federal government belong to the people. Nowhere in the Constitution does it
provide the government the authority to raise children.

While I clearly articulated my disdain for the KKK, Williams seemed eager to
ignore that point and instead insinuate that I had no empathy for the victims of
the abhorrent terrorist acts for which that organization is infamous.

Undoubtedly, there are other groups that pose real threats, but it is my
contention that our current struggle against Islamic fascism is the most
threatening to our way of life and all we hold sacred.

I stand steadfast by my original premise that the absence of individual
accountability is the root cause for much of what ails America today.
Historically, the individual pursuit of life, liberty and happiness has been the
essence of our morality. Any other doctrine that seeks to remove this
individuality will lead to self-destruction.

ANTHONY RIGGS

Timberlake

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.


                              448 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                             March 16, 2007 Friday

Exhib accused of falsifying B.O.

BYLINE: LINDSAY CHANEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 180 words


The six major Hollywood studios, joined by Miramax, New Line and DreamWorks,
have sued a Tennessee theater owner for allegedly under-reporting box office
receipts to the tune of "hundreds of thousands of dollars."

   In the lawsuit, filed Wednesday in Los Angeles Superior Court, the studios
charge Ajay Theaters, owner of the Hollywood 16 in Jackson, Tenn., with a
scheme to misrepresent the box office take of the theater. Complaint says Ajay
provided false information on number of admissions, number of admissions in
various ticket categories and the serial numbers of tickets. The fraudulent
actions allegedly occurred from March 2003 until the present.
   The studios are suing in Los Angeles because their licensing contracts with
Ajay provide that California law will govern any dispute, according to the
lawsuit.
   In addition to actual damages, attorney fees and expenses involved in
bringing the suit, the studios are asking for punitive damages. No dollar
amounts were specified in the lawsuit, which said actual damages and punitive
damages would be determined at trial.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 18, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Columnist distorts Catholic views

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 466 words


Daniel Maguire misrepresents the views of several religions on abortion in his
commentary "Religions say... ," which ran with Tom Ehrich's column "Where does
God stand on abortion?" (The Forum, Monday).

In particular, his summary of Roman Catholic teaching was filled with historical
distortions and theological sleight of hand. Maguire continues to spew the
ridiculous mantra that there is "no one Catholic view"  on abortion. He
maintains this untenable position so that his well-known abortion advocacy can
somehow be seen as Catholic.

The church has one teaching on abortion. Human life from the time of
fertilization must be respected as a person. Direct attacks on innocent human
life, at any stage of development, aren't permitted. Some medical procedures are
allowed for the sake of the mother's health or life that might result in the
indirect death of the fetus. The death of the unborn child may not be directly
caused or willed.

Maguire's claim that St. Antoninus was "pro-choice" is amazingly dishonest.
Antoninus speculated that early abortion of an un-ensouled fetus was permitted
for the mother's life. This means the fetus wasn't yet human. This hardly makes
him pro-choice. Debate on ensoulment was the result of scientific ignorance
regarding fetal development. Nevertheless, the church always taught that killing
a fetus, even if un-ensouled, was a serious sin.

Theological opinions should not be confused with doctrine, especially bad ones.
Readers should not have to be subjected to a dissident theologian's personal
propaganda. If anyone wishes to know what the Catholic Church teaches, please
consult the Catechism of the Catholic Church. There they will find the official
word.

Monica Migliorino Miller, Ph.D.

Associate Professor

of Sacred Theology

St. Mary's College

of Madonna University

Orchard Lake, Mich.

Life is 'gift from God'

The commentary "Religions say ..." was full of specious arguments to bolster the
idea that the world's religions support abortion, either explicitly or tacitly.
Nothing could be further from the truth.

All of the world's great religions acknowledge that life is a sacred gift from
God. It is the first of many gifts from God; without it, no others are possible.

It is clear that evil is ubiquitous in the world. Often, humans find it very
convenient to allow evil to exist or even flourish to advance their needs at
that moment. But does that mean evil should not be opposed where one finds it?

Thomas Mulholland

Sedalia, Colo.

Church, state separation

I don't care how any god stands on abortion, as I don't believe in any god.

The right to abortion is simply a matter of separation of church and state,
guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution. Religious people who are opposed to
abortion have no right to assault the U.S. Constitution.

Joan Axtell

Melbourne, Fla.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Alejandro Gonzalez, USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday

SMEAR CAMPAIGN - SUNSCREEN'S PROMISES JUST A PUT-ON, SUIT SAYS

BYLINE: JENNIFER GOULD KEIL

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 723 words


CALL it sun scream.

After years of slathering our skin with lotions to protect us from the sun's
cancer-causing rays, along comes word that it could all be a hoax.

Sunscreen may even be more dangerous than going bare because it lures us into a
false sense of solar security.

So says a lawsuit by two U.S. firms against some of the biggest names in the
$455 million-a-year sunscreen and tanning lotion business - including
Coppertone, Hawaiian Tropic, Banana Boat, Neutrogena and Bullfrog.

"Sunscreens misrepresent themselves in two big ways. They say they are
waterproof, but they're not, and many say they are sun blocks, but nothing
completely blocks the sun," says Sam Rudman, a partner in the Long Island law
office of Lerach Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins, which launched the suit
with Abraham Fruchter & Twersky, a Manhattan firm.

The lawsuit - a compilation of nine earlier complaints against sunscreen makers
- is now up for class-action status in Los Angeles Superior Court.

"We're seeking injunctive relief; an order from the court to fix the marketing,
labeling and advertising of the products; and restitution for people who bought
products that were misrepresented," says Rudman, who calls sunscreen "the snake
oil of the 21st century." The suit also alleges sunscreens promising "all-day
protection" are lying.

Other examples of misrepresentation, says lawyer Mitch Twersky, include
Coppertone WaterBabies, which claims on its label that it has "Instant
Waterproof Protection, UVA/UVB Sunblock lotion 45 SPF" and that it provides "45
times your child's natural sun protection."

But the 45 SPF only applies to UVB rays - largely responsible for sunburn - not
the deeper-penetrating UVA rays, which cause most tans but also wrinkles and
other harmful effects. The product is also not waterproof, nor does it block the
sun, Twersky says. And no sunscreen provides "instant" protection - they all
need at least an hour to sink into skin before their screening powers kick in.

In response, the sunscreen companies say they are following the labeling rules
of the Food and Drug Administration.

Dr. Albert Lefkovits, a Park Avenue dermatologist and assistant clinical
professor of dermatology at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine, agrees sunscreen
can never fully block the sun.

In addition, he says that U.S. sunscreens give numbered protection for blocking
burning rays (UVB) but not for blocking tanning rays (UVA). In Europe, he says,
both numbers are labeled on sunscreen products. In general, he says, an SPF 15
sunscreen will give only 15 minutes of protection, while SPF 30 sunscreen will
give you 30 minutes of protection.

Some dermatologists, however, also believe sunscreens prevent the body from
manufacturing vitamin D, which the body needs and is believed to have some
anti-cancer and anti-aging qualities.

While this theory has yet to be proven, doctors also say you can get your
vitamin D fill from other sources, like milk, and that sunscreen is still a tool
in the fight against skin cancer.

"Just remember that they are screens - filters - not absolute blockers. You
can't put a sunscreen on at noon in Florida and not expect any damage,"
Lefkovits says.

"Sunscreens are protective, but you have to use common sense. Too much sun
exposure can cause skin cancer," he adds.

Also remember: Sunscreens wash off despite any waterproof claims, so apply them
frequently, wear hats with broad brims, sit in the shade or under umbrellas when
possible - and don't let sunscreens lull you into a false sense of security.

A recent report by the World Health Organization's International Agency for
Research on Cancer noted that sunscreen users have higher risks for melanoma
than people who don't use sunscreen. That's in part because of "false
assumption[s] that sunscreens completely abolish the adverse effects of UV
light," the report states.

More than 1.5 million cases of skin cancer are diagnosed annually in the United
States - more than breast, prostate, lung and colon cancers combined - and
nearly 8,000 people die each year from melanomas, according to the Skin Cancer
Foundation.

Whatever the outcome of the law suit, the publicity has already helped  educate
people, Rudman says. Now they "know that when they buy a  bottle of sunscreen,
they're not  getting what the label claims."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fryer beware: A lawsuit says sunscreen makers' claims of protection
lull users into a false sense of security.    [Getty Images]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              May 15, 2005 Sunday

Is deception ever acceptable to get a story?

BYLINE: TERRY GREENBERG

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 676 words


I was talking to someone in our advertising department last week about the issue
outlined in the bottom third of last Sunday's column: Is it ever acceptable for
a journalist to misrepresent him/herself to get information?

The Spokesman-Review in Spokane, Wash., had a man pose as an 18-year-old man in
a gay chat room to prove Spokane's mayor was using his public position to entice
young men.

Editor Steven Smith said the paper tried to find the information by other means
but finally decided this would be the only way to definitely know.

My colleague in our advertising department said, "It wouldn't be the norm for
Bloomington-Normal or for The Pantagraph."

Then I asked if it would be OK if it kept his daughter from harm.

"Yes, definitely," he said.

That's the issue. And this specific issue is getting a lot of debate on
journalism Web sites.

On one, Smith was quoted saying, "I think our credibility with journalists is
hurt. But I think this may be a sign of how disconnected some editors are from
the sensibilities of citizens who want their newspapers to watchdog government
and do it aggressively.

"Based on what we're hearing from readers, it has built trust in our readers and
Spokane citizens. They know what we wrote is true. Feedback is running 10- maybe
15-1 in our favor."

So I was curious. Are we disconnected from what our readers might think about
this?

I walked around the newsroom last week and took a very unscientific sampling of
opinions, then went into a few other departments to see how others felt.

In the newsroom:

* Three people said they had no problem with the practice.

* Six said maybe.

* Three said never.

In other departments:

* Six people said they had no problem with the practice.

* Four said maybe.

* Two said never.

When you figure there's a fine line between saying no problem and maybe -- this
practice is rarely used and it depends on the situation -- there was not a big
gap between the newsroom and other departments.

It's obvious folks in the newsroom are a little more reserved about the
practice. But not everyone.

"How else are you going to prove certain things?" one reporter asked.

Another reporter had a college professor who'd been involved in a famous Chicago
Tribune sting operation that uncovered corruption. But he added these tactics
should only be used as a last resort.

A manager in our circulation department was not as reserved when he told me,
"Isn't that investigative reporting?"

There's a lot of investigative reporting that has nothing to do with
misrepresenting ourselves, but it has been used as part of investigations.

Another non-newsroom employee said she had no problem with the practice as long
as we didn't break the law.

Meanwhile, outside our building, the debate rages:

* "I don't permit deception; I would not allow it," said Amanda Bennett, editor
of The Philadelphia Inquirer. "We go into reporting in a straighter way. We are
not private investigators; we are journalists. Undercover is a method of the
past."

* Jeffrey Weiss of the Dallas Morning News said, "Maybe 20 years ago, the Miami
Herald did a sting that I considered brilliant and still do. Two reporters --
one white and one black, about the same age -- were given similar fictitious
'resumes' and were sent out to try to rent an apartment at various places in the
area. You can guess the results. It was great reading. Useful journalism. As in
the explanation from the folks in Spokane, the reporters never asked the rental
folks to do anything they would not otherwise be doing. It seemed to me at the
time -- and still does -- that the story was important enough to justify the
strategy. And as in the recent case, as I recall, the whole thing was spelled
out in some detail for the readers when the story ran. Not hardly that ends
necessarily justify means. But some do."

All this said, we have no plans to do anything similar. But if we ever had a
reason to consider it, it would be well-debated.

Terry Greenberg is editor of The Pantagraph. Contact him at (309) 820-3230 or at
tgreenberg@pantagraph.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                              452 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            August 21, 1998, Friday

Letter: Labour tradition

BYLINE: Tony Dale

SECTION: COMMENT; Page 2

LENGTH: 267 words


Letter: Labour tradition

Sir: David Aaronovitch obviously accessed Labour Left Briefing's excellent and
very popular web site (www.llb.labournet.org.uk), lifted a few quotes out of
their context and produced a tabloid style "loony left" scare story.

A large part of Aaronovitch article was devoted to Labour Left Briefing's
coverage of Northern Ireland and attempted to suggest that LLB is opposed to the
peace process. Nothing could be further from the truth.

Aaronovitch misrepresents the articles he quotes, he also fails to present a
balanced picture of Briefing's coverage. LLB is an open and pluralistic journal;
as such it carries many different opinions on Ireland as on any other issue.

Over the last few years I have written a number of articles in LLB calling for
an end to the Republican and Loyalist bombing campaigns and more recently
supporting the yes campaign in the referendum on the Good Friday agreement.  LLB
has carried a range of articles from many different points of view.

David Aaronovitch suggests that LLB's coverage of the Manchester bombing "will
be read with interest by Labour Party members in Manchester". Yes it was. I can
say this with confidence because I'm a member of the Labour Party in Manchester
and I'm also a member of LLB's editorial board.

As a socialist born and brought up in Belfast I want to see immediate ceasefires
by all Republican and Loyalists groups, as a Labour Party socialist I want to
see Liz Davies and other candidates of the Grassroots Alliance elected on to
Labour's NEC.

TONY DALE

Manchester


LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Independent Print Ltd


                              453 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   December 29, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

MetLife, former staffers settle

BYLINE: DENISE SMITH AMOS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Two former employees suing Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. under state
whistle-blower laws settled out of court Monday, while a former executive  named
in the company's investigation of its sales tactics claimed that the  insurance
giant is making him a scapegoat.

The settlements follow MetLife's announcement Monday that its internal
investigation found that some of its agents were misrepresenting insurance
products as retirement savings plans to nurses and other professionals.

MetLife said that many of the misleading brochures and sales scripts  originated
in the Tampa office, which until now had been MetLife's largest and  most
profitable regional office, but the materials had spread to other MetLife
offices.

It is illegal to misrepresent insurance as another investment vehicle.

MetLife announced Monday a management shakeup and reorganization that
terminated the employment of seven executives, including several in Tampa.

Susan Tedder and Mark Moser claimed in their suits that they sought to  prevent
the misleading tactics. They showed workers an internal memo, signed  by
then-officer-in-charge Rudy Michaud, forbidding the practice. But, they  claim,
they were ostracized and criticized by management, who allegedly  pressured them
to quit.

Chris Hoyer said now that MetLife admits its wrongdoing, the settlement was  in
the best interests of his clients. He would not disclose the settlement  terms
because of confidentiality clauses. Two other former employees, Kirby  Grayson
and Joseph Mello, still have suits pending under the whistle-blower  laws in
federal court.

However, Hoyer said, the class-action lawsuit his firm filed on behalf of
thousands of misled policyholders is ongoing in federal court. But MetLife's
confession means that it may have a speedier resolution.

"That means we won't have to fight for the next five years, which we were
prepared to do," he said. "I think we're over a big hurdle in their  acceptance
of responsibility."

Daniel "Rick" Urso, a MetLife regional manager fired in Monday's shakeup,  said
he thinks MetLife dismissed him to avoid responsibility. Urso, the former  boss
of Tedder and Moser, said MetLife is trying to pin a companywide problem  on
him.

"I believe they're using me as a scapegoat," he told WTVT-Ch. 13. "They  tried
from the beginning to isolate this in Tampa, to use me as a scapegoat.  But all
of sudden the truth started coming out and they found out that this is  training
that goes all the way up to New York.

"I am devastated that I was fired, devastated because the fact is, again,  I was
held up as a role model. It's ridiculous to say that the people we dealt  with
didn't know what they were buying. They knew exactly what they were  buying."

MetLife disagrees, said Charles Sahner, a spokesman in New York. The  company
estimates that as many as 45,000 people - plus some 15,000  policyholders
through the Tampa office - may have been misled. Already MetLife  has paid $
11-million in refunds and may pay up to $ 20-million more in  restitution,
Sahner said.

The fact that several of the dismissed executives worked elsewhere also
indicates that the company didn't single out Tampa, Sahner said.

"We've already said there were some other offices that seemed to have  copied
Tampa," Sahner said. "But no office remotely approaches the size and  scope of
Tampa."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              454 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 6, 1991, Friday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGES, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 894 words


OMNIPORT ARTICLE

MISJUDGED REPORT

The Aug. 23 issue of your paper contained an article, "Ports' Secret Study Used
to Sink Rival" (Page 1A), that misrepresents a very serious issue. Our institute
conducted the study in question.

The rise and fall of Omniport in Houston deserves an in-depth analysis and
provides a valuable contribution to the ongoing debate of the role and place of
new technology, the interactions between big ports and small ports, strategic
planning, and how and who is capable of doing such planning.

Instead, the article presents the issue as some kind of "secret plot by the
committee of eight" - the ports of Baton Rouge, Lake Charles, Beaumont, Orange,
Galveston, Freeport, Corpus Christi and the West Gulf Ports Association - to
undermine "new and progressive technology." This simply is not true.

Omniport represented a most serious and real challenge to neighboring ports,
affecting cargo shares, revenues, labor hours, future development plans and
perhaps their very survival. It was therefore prudent for these ports to assess
the potential impacts of the Omniport technology. They were not able to review
and analyze the Port of Houston's market share projections and determine what
part of it comes at their expense because, as your article stated, "Houston has
steadfastly refused to release its studies, calling them 'proprietary.' " By the
way, this statement is made casually in the space of the same article that
accuses other port interests of being secret. This represents the peculiar logic
of the article.

Deprived of the possibility to review Omniport's intentions, the only way the
affected parties could determine their future was to commission a study of their
own. It was logical that in facing a common impact, they decided to work
together rather than spend funds on a series of individual studies. Certain
safeguards to protect an individual port's confidential information were
included. I would say it was, contrary to the article's tone, a commendable
approach and an example of ports working in unity.

Most importantly, the scope of our contrast and report did not have even the
slightest suggestion of an intent "to sink the rival." We would never undertake
the study otherwise. The report is available and I challenge anyone to find one
single recommendation in this report that was directed to undermine Omniport
through inappropriate methods.

The report certainly contains practical recommendations on how to increase the
port's efficiency and enhance competitiveness along with estimates of impacts on
stevedoring requirements and pension plans. To provide the industry and any U.S.
port with such analysis falls within the scope of our institute's mission.

An assessment of Omniport's feasibility was not the primary objective of our
analysis and its merits and future were addressed in our report only as much as
was necessary to provide participating ports with reliable assessments of
impacts. Nevertheless, as part of our analysis, we came to the conclusion that
to proceed with Omniport was not a solid strategic decision. In general, it
appeared questionable to invest in a highly automated and productive single-unit
technology in an era of progressive unitization of cargoes.

Specifically, such factors as total market size, share of large shipments,
advantages for rapid handling, terminal design, and the distribution system
(from mills to ocean terminals) all indicated that the project would have little
chance of financial success. Competition from existing services provided by
neighboring ports and the potential for enhancing such competition were other
factors which had to be taken into account. After all, if one port invests to
attract cargoes to its terminal, then should not the ports impacted by this
strategy even explore their competitive posture?

It is the obligation of a prudent investor to obtain a realistic assessment of
the actual and potential competitive situation before committing to investments.
Further, the only new technology that is good is one that has proven to be
feasible in light of a naturally competitive environment. This brings us to the
conclusion that a lack of realistic strategic views and credible feasibility
analysis obtained by Omniport, and certainly not our institute's study, is the
reason for Omniport's "sinkage." We at the institute have the right to make this
conclusion because for us the above- stated reasons for Omniport's demise are
not second thoughts but are derived from our own study completed in 1988.

It is difficult for me to understand why your article totally ignored our
analysis and instead concentrated on "questionable motivations" without any
factual references to the substance and scope of the study.

Finally, a point regarding "secrecy" of the study needs to be made. All basic
findings of the study in question, "Trends in Breakbulk Technology and
Implications to Maritime Ports in the Gulf of Mexico," were presented at the
American Association of Port Authorities Convention in Tampa, Fla., in November
1989. Also, the results of the same study were published in "Cargo Systems
International" in December 1989. This can hardly be classified, therefore, as a
"secret study."

A. Hochstein

Director

Ports and Waterways Institute

Louisiana State University

Washington, D.C.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              455 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

'Scuse me while I defend my guy

BYLINE: Garry Maddox

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 445 words


Sight unseen, Kathy Etchingham describes a new biopic of Jimi Hendrix as a
"completely unethical" product of Hollywood.

The rock legend's girlfriend from 1966 to '69 features in Jimi: All Is By My
Side, which is written and directed by John Ridley, who won an Oscar for penning
12 Years A Slave this year.

Not only was she not consulted about the film, which has her played by Hayley
Atwell from the Captain America movies with Andre Benjamin from hip-hop group
Outkast as Hendrix, she is upset about a scene that depicts their relationship
as so turbulent that he beats her up badly.

"It's just completely made up," Etchingham said of the incident.

The retired real estate agent, who lives in Melbourne, is heading to the film's
Australian premiere at the Sydney Film Festival on Thursday night.

Based on reports from a friend who went to the world premiere at the Toronto
International Film Festival and subsequent reviews, she believes Jimi is a
"wildly inaccurate" portrait of his rise to fame.

If that proves to be the case, she is considering legal action to block the
film's release in Australia.

"If it's that bad, I've got no choice," she said. "If I don't, it'll just get
repeated and repeated and it'll become the truth."

Hendrix was a little known musician when his new manager took him from New York
to London in 1966. Etchingham, a DJ at the time, met him in a club. She was 20;
he was 23.

Within months, Hendrix had hits in Britain with Hey Joe, Purple Haze and The
Wind Cries Mary, which he wrote for Etchingham.

Etchingham insists their relationship was "a completely fun time", with Hendrix
dedicated to his musical career well before the drug problems which contributed
to his death at 27.

"He was a gentle person - funny, entertaining, articulate and knew exactly which
direction he was going in," she said.

Variety has noted that the film was made without permission from the Hendrix
estate to use any of his music.

When Etchingham heard Ridley was planning the film, she wrote to offer her
unpaid co-operation. When she heard nothing back, she sent a legal letter
raising concerns about how she was portrayed.

"They sent me a horrible letter back threatening me with legal action under
their First Amendment rights to say what they like about me. They said we
thoroughly research all living people. My lawyer wrote back and said 'if you
thoroughly researched them, you didn't actually speak to Kathy'."

Far from seeking any compensation from the filmmakers, Etchingham said she was
more concerned that incidents of domestic violence have been invented for
entertainment.

Fairfax has approached Ridley and the Australian distributor, Madman
Entertainment, for comment.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: Film misrepresents our relationship: Kathy Etchingham with
Hendrix, and now. Photo: Angela Wylie, Newscom/Daily Mirror

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 12, 1998 Saturday

Greenpeace accused of misrepresenting firms in newspaper ad

BYLINE: PETER KENNEDY British Columbia Bureau

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 457 words

DATELINE: Vancouver


The B.C. government yesterday accused Greenpeace of misrepresenting companies
that, according to a New York Times advertisement, are alleged to be engaged in
a boycott of provincial forest products.

Forest Minister David Zirnhelt, speaking to reporters from Victoria, said he has
received assurances from companies named in the ad that they will continue to
buy products supplied by local producers.

"It appears to us that not only does Greenpeace continue to misrepresent how we
manage forests here in British Columbia, they may also be misrepresenting
threats of any boycotts from companies in the United States," he said.

The full-page ad, which appeared last Tuesday, named 20 Fortune 500 companies
that Greenpeace and other Canadian and U.S. environmental groups say are
committed to ending the use of products made from B.C.'s old-growth forests.

Companies named in the ad include Hallmark Cards Inc. of Kansas City, Mo.;
Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.; and copying company
Kinko's Inc. of Ventura, Calif. (Hallmark, in turn, has been threatened with a
boycott of its products by the Industrial, Wood and Allied Workers of Canada
union.)

Mr. Zirnhelt said conversations with many of these companies indicate that they
are being misrepresented, even though some are afraid of saying so publicly.

For example, in a Dec. 11 letter to Mr. Zirnhelt, Hallmark spokeswoman Julie
O'Dell said the company has "no plans" to boycott forest products from British
Columbia.

"In fact, Hallmark currently purchases wood-based items from suppliers who
derive their products from British Columbia and it is our intent to continue to
do so," Ms. O'Dell wrote.

Mr. Zirnhelt said officials from the Los Angeles Times' parent, Times Mirror
Co., have offered similar assurances after recently touring the province to see
B.C. forest management practices for themselves.

He said the group made the trip after receiving threats from Greenpeace, which
yesterday vowed to keep the pressure on the embattled B.C. forest industry. "We
can't get out of the mess we are in by rolling back on environmental standards
and increasing subsidies to the major corporations," said Catherine Stewart, a
campaign worker with Greenpeace in Vancouver.

"We need to increase the reliance on the value of our wood products, not
volume," Ms. Stewart said, reacting to speculation that the B.C. government is
set to streamline its Forest Practices Code in a bid to ease the industry's cost
burden.

However, Mr. Zirnhelt said, when companies see for themselves how the provincial
forest is managed, they will continue to buy from local suppliers. He added that
he will continue to defend the B.C. forest industry amid boycott threats. "What
we are fighting is untruths."

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              October 24, 1996, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

GOP ads using King's speech put on hold

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NATIONAL; 96 NOTEBOOK; THE '96 RACE; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.



Amid a backlash from black leaders, Republicans Wednesday backed off plans  for
an ad blitz using Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech to  promote
an anti-affirmative action measure.

King's widow said the ads would misrepresent the slain civil rights  leader's
life's work, and the Rev. Jesse Jackson called it "blasphemy." The  company that
manages King's estate threatened legal action.

Legal issues over use of the footage caused both the California Republican
Party and television stations statewide to put the commercials on hold.

State GOP spokeswoman Victoria Herrington denied the party is changing the  ad
campaign, but said the King ads were put on hold while they consulted with
their attorneys.

The ads incorporate parts of King's famed 1963 speech in which he talked of  his
dream for people to be judged "not by the color of their skin but the  content
of their character."

Clinton to halt ad

President Clinton sent a letter to former first lady Nancy Reagan as his
campaign promised to stop airing an advertisement that features footage of the
1981 assassination attempt on former President Reagan - but only when the ad
was scheduled to end anyway.

The ad includes testimonials for Clinton from gun control advocates Jim and
Sarah Brady. Mrs. Reagan had complained that the repeated airing of the
assassination attempt tape was politically exploitative and personally  painful.

White House aides said the ad would stop running today, the day it  originally
was scheduled to end.

Collecting good will

President Clinton dropped behind enemy lines late Tuesday night and came  away
with the good will of some of Miami's Republican-leaning Cuban-American
leaders.

The president stopped in at the Versailles Restaurant, an institution along
Calle Ocho deep in Miami's Little Havana community, shortly before midnight.  He
shared coffee and Cuban food with about 30 Cuban Americans in a  semi-private
dining room at the restaurant.

"Mr. Clinton, what are you going to do for Cuba?" shouted one of the  patrons
who happened to be at the restaurant when Clinton arrived.

In general, Clinton has sought to punish Cuban leader Fidel Castro's regime
with economic sanctions. His policies have pleased some in the Miami  community,
including Jorge Mas Canosa, leader of the Cuban American National  Foundation,
who was in the group invited for coffee with Clinton. "I think he  has done a
fair job," he said of Clinton in an interview after the meeting.

Bob Dole's supporters got wind of Clinton's visit to the restaurant and  swamped
the parking lot with about 30 sign-waving, shouting activists.

Kemp speaks Friday

GOP vice presidential candidate Jack Kemp is scheduled to travel to Florida
tonight.

He'll spend the night in Tampa and speak with voters Friday morning at a
Seniors Forum at the Sun City Center Community Hall in south Hillsborough
County. His wife, Joanne Kemp, will accompany him. Details of the visit still
were being worked out Wednesday night.

- Information from Times Washington bureau chief David Dahl and the AP was  used
in this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              458 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

Four from Ohio Indicted for Defrauding Investors of $7 Million

LENGTH: 810  words


Named in the 31-count federal indictment are: Kenneth Jackson, 58, of Glenmont;
William Schureck, 80, of Lexington; Dennis Deciancio, 72, of Macedonia, and
Daryl Dane Donohue, 66, of Mansfield. The counts include conspiracy to commit
mail and wire fraud, conspiracy to launder money, mail fraud, wire fraud, money
laundering, making false statements and other charges.

"These men travelled around the country and deliberately misled investors," said
Steven M. Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio. "They
left financial hardship in their wake. Now they will be held accountable for
their actions."

"These four individuals conspired to misrepresent a product to their investors
in order to make a profit," said Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of
the FBI's Cleveland office. "The FBI will continue efforts to bring to justice
those that have duped investors out of their hard-earned money."

"Honest and law-abiding citizens are fed up with the likes of those who use
deceit and fraud to line their pockets with other people's money," said Kathy
Enstrom, IRS Criminal Investigation, Special Agent in Charge, Cincinnati Field
Office. "Financial fraud is not a victimless crime, and IRS-CI will continue
with our law enforcement partners in bringing those responsible to justice."

All four men were affiliated with Medical Safety Solutions, or MSS, a company
Jackson founded in 2007 which operated out of Mansfield and had a purported
"research and development center" at Jackson's home in Glenmont, according to
the indictment.

Jackson held the title of Director of Research and Development at MSS. Schureck
co-founded the company held the title of Chief Executive Officer at MSS.
Deciancio co-founded the company and attended trade shows on the company's
behalf. Donohue was a longtime associate of Jackson who communicated with
shareholders of MSS and held himself out as an "FDA consultant" hired by the
company for the sole purpose of obtaining Food and Drug Administration approval
for the Sharps Terminator, according to the indictment.

The founders of MSS held the company out as an entity created to develop, market
and sell a hypodermic needle destruction device they called the Sharps
Terminator. The Sharps Terminator required premarket approval from the FDA
before it could be sold in the United States, according to the indictment.

Jackson and Schureck filed a provisional application for a patent on the Sharps
Terminator around April 2007 but did not file an actual patent application until
September 2011. MSS filed a premarket approval application for the Sharps
Terminator in October 2012, according to the indictment.

Between 2007 and May 2013, the defendants were engaged in the unregistered sale
of securities. They did this by seeking out individuals to buy private shares of
stock in MSS, but those shares were not registered with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, according to the indictment.

They defrauded investors by inducing them to buy stock and making false and
fraudulent misrepresentations about MSS and the Sharps Terminator, including:
that MSS had submitted a premarket approval application when it had not; that
FDA approval of the Sharps Terminator was forthcoming or imminent when MSS had
not even initiated the approval process; that the FDA had approved the Sharps
Terminator when it had not; that the product was "market ready" that was ready
for mass production when it was not, and other misrepresentations, according to
the indictment.

To make MSS appear functional and the Sharps Terminator market ready, the
defendants took current and prospective investors to MSS's "R&D facility" and
showed them parts, a small number of assembled Sharps Terminator units, and
large numbers of Sharps Terminator boxes, many of which were really empty,
according to the indictment.

MSS investors, between 2007 and 2013, incurred a combined out-of -pocket loss of
more than $7 million. Jackson and Schureck transferred the money to cover other
expenses, and Jackson gambled more than $3.3 million at Mountaineer Casino
between 2009 and 2013, according to the indictment.

This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rebecca Lutzko
following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigations and the Food and Drug Adminstration.

If convicted, the defendants' sentences will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An indictment is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 5, 2007 Sunday

NOW SEE HERE, OBAMA

BYLINE: PHILIP GAILEY

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 3P

LENGTH: 799 words


Hillary Clinton finally has Barack Obama, her closest rival for the Democratic
presidential nomination, right where she wants him - stumbling over foreign
policy issues. And he's getting smacked right and left. The tougher Obama tries
to sound, the more he finds himself on the defensive. The Clinton strategy is to
tout her "experience" while portraying Obama as a lightweight whose foreign
policy views are "naive" and "irresponsible," even dangerous.

The only real licks being exchanged in the Democratic race are between Clinton
and Obama, who leads her in fundraising but trails her in the polls. Clinton
must grind her teeth every time Obama has the audacity to remind voters that the
U.S. senator from New York voted for the war in Iraq while he, a mere state
senator in Illinois at the time, had sense enough to oppose it from the start.

Clinton, who continues to misrepresent her vote for war, would rather talk about
her "experience," which includes trips to more than 80 countries as first lady
and more than six years in the Senate. "Ready to lead," goes her slogan. She
suggests Obama, poor thing, needs a crash course in the complexities and nuances
of foreign policy. And every opportunity she gets, Professor Clinton is more
than happy to tutor her young challenger in Foreign Policy 101.

Sounding like a striped-pants diplomat of the old school, Clinton tried last
week to impress upon Obama that a president's words have consequences, so they
must be chosen carefully. For example, never, ever answer a question about the
use of nuclear weapons.

Obama failed that test last week and immediately found himself on the defensive
again. During an interview with the Associated Press, the senator initially
ruled out using nuclear weapons in Afghanistan and Pakistan as part of the
effort to root out Osama bin Laden and his terrorist gang.

"I think it would be a profound mistake for us to use nuclear weapons in any
circumstance," he said, pausing before adding "involving civilians." Maybe
battlefield nukes?

He realized where this was going and quickly explained: "Let me scratch that.
There's been no discussion of nuclear weapons. That's not on the table."

Professor Clinton tried not to be too hard on the freshman senator and Harvard
grad - after all, he has so much to learn about the conduct of foreign policy.
"I think presidents should be very careful at all times in discussing the use or
non-use of nuclear weapons," she said. Smack.

Other Democratic rivals piled on. Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut said he
found Obama's recent assertions about foreign and military affairs "confusing
and confused." Smack.

The Pakistanis must be relieved to hear that a President Obama would have no
nuclear intentions toward their country. But what are they to make of Obama's
threat a few days earlier to send U.S. forces into Pakistan if its president,
Pervez Musharraf, a key U.S. ally, doesn't do more to crack down on the al-Qaida
terrorists hiding in his country? By the way, Pakistan is a Muslim country with
nuclear weapons.

Not a good idea, said Sen. Joe Biden, another Democratic presidential hopeful.
"The last thing you want to do is telegraph to the folks in Pakistan that we are
about to violate their sovereignty," he said. Smack.

Clinton echoed Biden's put-down of the "agent of change," as Obama once
described himself.

At a recent Democratic debate, Clinton pounced on Obama after he said that
unlike President Bush, he would be willing to meet with the leaders of rogue
nations such as Iran, North Korea and Cuba in his first year as president.
Clinton said she would never sit down with these tyrants without preconditions,
adding that as president she would not allow herself to be used for "propaganda
purposes."

The day after the debate, Clinton called Obama's position "irresponsible and,
frankly, naive." Obama fired back, calling Clinton "Bush-Cheney lite."

Was it that long ago that Hillary Clinton was telling voters that Washington
experience was overrated and that her husband, the governor of Arkansas, should
be president even though he lacked any serious foreign policy credentials,
unless, of course, you count trade missions overseas? As it turned out, foreign
policy was not Bill Clinton's strong suit.

But look where the Washington experience of Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld got
us - into a disastrous war in Iraq that is breaking the military and rallying
terrorists. Clinton's "experience" didn't keep her from casting her vote for
war.

Many a Democratic heart is throbbing over the possibility of a Clinton-Obama
dream ticket. But the way things are going, instead of getting Clinton's nod to
be her vice presidential running mate, Obama could wind up on her long list of
candidates for secretary of Housing and Urban Development.

pgailey@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2): Clinton led the attack on Obama's foreign policy
credentials.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           February 1, 2006 Wednesday

Lawsuit claims disputed

BYLINE: bnauman@pantagraph;By Brett Nauman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 556 words


BLOOMINGTON - The husband of a Bloomington woman targeted in a defamation
lawsuit filed by officials from a Normal packaging firm said Tuesday that
several of the suits claims misrepresent his wifes character.

James Morris said his wife, Lori Morris, would never make statements about
wanting to "take down" Commercial Packaging.

The company, one of its directors and two of its officers filed an $800,000
civil lawsuit against her last week in McLean County. They have accused Lori
Morris of making disparaging statements about them and the company following a
2004 fatal airplane crash.

Normal businessman Gary Egbers, founder of Commercial Packaging, and employees
Mark Long and Tracy Gibson were among five people killed in the July 18, 2004,
crash near an airport in Wheeling, W. Va.

Lori Morris is Egbers daughter and a minority shareholder in the familys
business.

She had accused two Commercial officers and one director of playing some role in
the crash, according to the companys lawsuit.

Commericials current CEO, Aaron Egbers, is Lori Morris younger brother and had
been the target of some of her disparaging statements following their fathers
death, according to the lawsuit. He is one of the plaintiffs.

Falsifying company expense reports, failing to properly maintain the aircraft
and operating an illegal charter service were among the claims Morris has
leveled at Aaron Egbers, according to the lawsuit.

The lawsuit says she made such accusations to destroy the companys reputation
and steer business to a competing company that employs her husband, who also had
worked for the company.

James Morris would not discuss all the details of the lawsuit, but he said
Tuesday the courts will decide whether his wife has defamed anyone.

But he said the dispute between Lori Morris and Aaron Egbers began shortly after
the plane crash, when company officials asked James Morris to resign as chief
strategic officer and vice president of sales management of Commercial Bag and
as a director of Commercial Products.

James Morris said he and his wife were not aware of the lawsuit until Monday
when they were called by The Pantagraph to respond to the companys accusations.

The couple thought they were in good faith negotiations for Commercial to
purchase Lori Morris 8 percent minority share of Commercial Products and 15.4
percent share of Commercial Bag until they were served with the lawsuit, James
Morris said.

"This is a family tragedy," Morris said of the division between his wife and her
brother. "All Ive asked for is the family to try and work things out. My hope is
both parties get together, make a settlement and call a family truce."

James Morris said he believes outside influences - or "people other than family"
- are deepening the divide between his wife and her brother.

Dawn Wall, an attorney representing Commercial in the lawsuit, agreed with
Morris assessment that the case is a family tragedy, but said she could not
comment on the lawsuit because its pending litigation.

Wall did say that every decision made by Commercial Packaging, including the
filing of the lawsuit, has been to protect the interests of the company.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                              461 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 3, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

FTC moves against student travel scams

BYLINE: Jayne O'Donnell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 302 words


Federal and state officials are cracking down on travel companies
that misrepresent the price and safety of vacations sold to high
school and college students.

The move is part of a sweep to be announced today by the Federal
Trade Commission (FTC). Officials will release details of lawsuits
against 25 companies accused of scamming travelers of all ages
out of thousands of dollars.

The FTC says the companies promised free or discounted trips and
safe housing but then raised prices and changed conditions after
people signed up.

Jodie Bernstein, head of the FTC's consumer protection bureau,
says the companies target students going on their first trips,
hoping "to draw them in."

Vicki Walker, an Oregon state representative, says her daughter
was victimized by one of the companies being sued by the FTC.

The company hosted a wet T-shirt contest that was judged by the
pilot flying the charter plane to Mexico, Walker says. Once in
Mexico, the company hosted several events with alcohol and sex
themes, rather than the wholesome recreation that was promised
to parents, she says. The FTC has a videotape of the incident.

The FTC says telemarketers often get victims' names through phony
drawings at state fairs or restaurants, the Internet and direct-mail
solicitations.

Charlene Kuhaupt says she and her 28-year-old daughter wound up
paying more than $ 800 over the $ 598 advertised price of a trip
to Florida and the Bahamas. That company also will be charged
today.


Don't get taken

Find out what the price covers and if there are any other charges.

Get everything in writing, and make sure it matches the pitch
you heard on the phone.

Know that you may be added to a telemarketing list if you enter
a drawing.

More info: www.ftc.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              462 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 16, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

'The President's Timber Plan'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A18; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 270 words


The editorial "The President's Timber Plan" misrepresents what is truly a costly
and devastating plan. Most egregious is the editorial's ridiculous claim that
the region won't have "any trees left in a few years anyway." The president's
promised annual sale level of 1.2 billion board feet is less than one-quarter of
the harvest level of the 1980s -- a level that was based on sustained yield
principles to ensure continued forest and timber supplies from those lands
forever. No credible scientist will agree with the editorial's assertion that
the region would ever run out of trees at those levels.

Where is the "balance" in this plan? Experts project another 85,000 jobs will be
lost in the region. Simply put, the scientists gave the president a range of
options for the destruction of the region's economy and social structure.

Contrary to The Post's report, the plan will once again give the courts the
responsibility for resolving the timber crisis in the Pacific Northwest and
Northern California. By deferring his decision to the courts, the president
leaves the people of the Northwest wondering again when the judge will allow any
plan to take effect. Until the judge agrees, there will be no timber harvested
from the Northwest's national forests.

For the people of the Northwest, this is a lose-lose "solution." For the people
of the United States, higher lumber prices and the lack of affordable homes will
only hinder economic recovery and put the American dream further out of reach.
ANNE E. HEISSENBUTTEL Director of Forest Planning and Policy American Forest and
Paper Association Washington

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              463 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                          September 24, 2005 Saturday

RUFFLED FEATHERS

LENGTH: 566 words


Criticism aimed at officials, not at relief efforts It's beyond us why county
supervisors can't seem to see the difference. Letters to the editor and guest
columns are the lifeblood of the Opinion pages, the place where citizens and
officials debate and comment on the important issues facing their communities,
the state, the nation and the world.

Normally, we don't comment on the guest columns we print in Sunday's Opinion
section. We are gratified to have local elected officials and experts share
their viewpoints with our readers, and we print those viewpoints unfettered by
substantive editing or comment by the newspaper.

Today, however, we feel compelled to answer the guest column on this page by San
Bernardino County 4th District Supervisor Gary Ovitt, because his column
misrepresents our stated editorial position. If you missed the editorial we
printed Tuesday about the county's relief effort but read the supervisor's
response printed today, you would think that the newspaper belittled the relief
package for Gulfport, Miss., that was put together by the county and several of
its cities. That's not the case.

Under the headline "Supervisors turn gulf relief effort into boondoggle,' with
Our View that "It shouldn't take 30 higher-ups to supervise charity to hurricane
victims,' we applauded the county government, county employees and the cities
involved for helping hard-hit Gulfport.

What we criticized was the fact that some 30 county and city officials spent
$30,000 which we noted was not taxpayer money on a chartered jet to take them to
Gulfport for what we saw as a glorified photo-op. Here's an excerpt from
Tuesday's editorial:

"Make no mistake, the material relief the county and local cities sent to
Gulfport officials and residents is wonderful. Five large trucks carried
supplies including generators, computers and vehicles from San Bernardino to
Mississippi this past weekend.

"County employees' donation of $45,000 in gift cards for the people of Gulfport
is a tremendous showing of good will.

"But the $30,000 spent to charter a jet to ferry 30 officials Monday to the town
in the process of rebuilding could have been better spent on more material
relief. And the fact that the junket was paid for by developers and campaign
contributors doesn't feel right at all.'

We applauded local officials and local businesses for their generous
contributions.

In short, we have nothing but admiration for the relief effort itself. The
decision to choose one devastated town and deliver the aid directly to its
officials and residents was masterful. We have exactly one bone to pick, and
that is with the number of supervisors, city council members and other officials
who flew to Gulfport. Not that any of them went, but that 30 of them spent
$30,000 to get there. If a few local representatives had gone say a mayor, a
supervisor, the county's emergency services director and public health officer
we wouldn't have batted an eye. The county's assistant fire chief was already
there, having driven cross country as part of the truck convoy.

But did the good people of Gulfport really need a visit from Supervisors Ovitt,
Paul Biane and Josie Gonzales? Did it speed the recovery to have boatloads of
officials all show up? No, but it gave some politicians fodder for their next
campaign fliers.

We'll stick with the word "boondoggle.'

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              464 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 24, 2013 Sunday

Data, not politics, should determine speed limits

LENGTH: 604 words


Maine's transportation commissioner is qualified to decide whether and where
speed limits on the state's interstate highway system could be raised. Pending
legislation, LD 654, sponsored by Rep. Justin Chenette, D-Saco, would make that
possible.


The title of Chenette's bill, "An Act to Raise the Speed Limit on Interstate
295," misrepresents its intent. As Chenette emphasized during his March 15
testimony in presenting the bill to the Legislature's Transportation Committee,
passage of the bill would not automatically hike the speed limit to 75 miles per
hour. It would authorize the transportation commissioner to consider doing so,
based on the department's engineering expertise and knowledge of the roadways'
conditions. An amendment, supported by Chenette, would extend the transportation
commissioner's authority to Maine's entire interstate highway system.


A bill passed by the previous Legislature made it possible for the Maine
Department of Transportation to increase the speed limit to 75 mph on Interstate
95 between Old Town and Houlton. As amended, LD 654 would replace a piecemeal
political approach to setting speed limits with a systematic approach in which
transportation professionals base decisions on study, analysis and geography. It
would allow engineers familiar with the roads, rather than elected officials in
Augusta or Washington, to determine maximum safe traveling speed on interstate
highways throughout Maine.


Research indicates that higher speed limits don't make highways more dangerous.
A Wisconsin Traffic Operations and Safety Laboratory analysis of almost 20
traffic engineering studies of the relationship between speed limit changes and
crashes found that only Iowa experienced a significant increase in highway
crashes after raising its speed limit from 55 to 65 mph. New York's total crash
rate decreased after it increased its highway speed limit to 65 mph, and a
five-year study by the Automobile Club of Southern California revealed that the
state's total crash rate did not rise after the speed limit did.


A Michigan State Police report titled "Establishing Safe and Realistic Speed
Limits" concluded that motorists' travel speeds don't change appreciably when
the speed limit increases, but the perception that higher speed limits make
roads less safe "can actually enhance safety by causing users to reduce
risk-taking behavior."


A National Motorists Association study of driver behavior in 22 states
buttresses the Michigan report's conclusion that increased speed limits don't
cause motorists to drive faster, indicating that average speeds deviated by only
2 mph after limits changed. The NMA study did note that speeding violations
decreased after limits increased.


In most states, transportation and public safety officials base speed limits on
the "85th percentile speed," which is the speed that 85 percent of vehicles
travel at regardless of posted limits. A speed study included in the Michigan
report revealed that the average travel speed increased 1.3 miles per hour on
the same highway after authorities raised the speed limit from 55 mph to 70 mph.
Regardless of the speed limit, motorists traveled at between 72 and 73 mph on
that road, reinforcing the observation that a majority of drivers travel at
speeds with which they are comfortable.


This national data on driver behavior will prove helpful to the Maine Department
of Transportation if LD 654 passes, as we believe it should. However, the
condition of Maine's roads should be the determining factor, and the people
responsible for maintaining those roads know best about setting safe travel
speeds for them.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                              465 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 24, 2013 Sunday

Data, not politics, should determine speed limits

LENGTH: 604 words


Maine's transportation commissioner is qualified to decide whether and where
speed limits on the state's interstate highway system could be raised. Pending
legislation, LD 654, sponsored by Rep. Justin Chenette, D-Saco, would make that
possible.


The title of Chenette's bill, "An Act to Raise the Speed Limit on Interstate
295," misrepresents its intent. As Chenette emphasized during his March 15
testimony in presenting the bill to the Legislature's Transportation Committee,
passage of the bill would not automatically hike the speed limit to 75 miles per
hour. It would authorize the transportation commissioner to consider doing so,
based on the department's engineering expertise and knowledge of the roadways'
conditions. An amendment, supported by Chenette, would extend the transportation
commissioner's authority to Maine's entire interstate highway system.


A bill passed by the previous Legislature made it possible for the Maine
Department of Transportation to increase the speed limit to 75 mph on Interstate
95 between Old Town and Houlton. As amended, LD 654 would replace a piecemeal
political approach to setting speed limits with a systematic approach in which
transportation professionals base decisions on study, analysis and geography. It
would allow engineers familiar with the roads, rather than elected officials in
Augusta or Washington, to determine maximum safe traveling speed on interstate
highways throughout Maine.


Research indicates that higher speed limits don't make highways more dangerous.
A Wisconsin Traffic Operations and Safety Laboratory analysis of almost 20
traffic engineering studies of the relationship between speed limit changes and
crashes found that only Iowa experienced a significant increase in highway
crashes after raising its speed limit from 55 to 65 mph. New York's total crash
rate decreased after it increased its highway speed limit to 65 mph, and a
five-year study by the Automobile Club of Southern California revealed that the
state's total crash rate did not rise after the speed limit did.


A Michigan State Police report titled "Establishing Safe and Realistic Speed
Limits" concluded that motorists' travel speeds don't change appreciably when
the speed limit increases, but the perception that higher speed limits make
roads less safe "can actually enhance safety by causing users to reduce
risk-taking behavior."


A National Motorists Association study of driver behavior in 22 states
buttresses the Michigan report's conclusion that increased speed limits don't
cause motorists to drive faster, indicating that average speeds deviated by only
2 mph after limits changed. The NMA study did note that speeding violations
decreased after limits increased.


In most states, transportation and public safety officials base speed limits on
the "85th percentile speed," which is the speed that 85 percent of vehicles
travel at regardless of posted limits. A speed study included in the Michigan
report revealed that the average travel speed increased 1.3 miles per hour on
the same highway after authorities raised the speed limit from 55 mph to 70 mph.
Regardless of the speed limit, motorists traveled at between 72 and 73 mph on
that road, reinforcing the observation that a majority of drivers travel at
speeds with which they are comfortable.


This national data on driver behavior will prove helpful to the Maine Department
of Transportation if LD 654 passes, as we believe it should. However, the
condition of Maine's roads should be the determining factor, and the people
responsible for maintaining those roads know best about setting safe travel
speeds for them.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                              466 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 04, 1997, Monday, Final Edition

Look Who Works for Federal Contractors

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A18; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 355 words


I write in response to the letter sent by Jeffrey Newman from Oakland, Calif.,
[July 28] about Robert Samuelson's characterization [op-ed, July 23] of work I
did with William Spriggs on the affirmative action effects of the federal
contractor program.

Mr. Newman misrepresents our work by presenting it too simplistically. We found
it difficult to explain the differences in the effect of federal contractor
status for African Americans and Hispanics, because, after we controlled for the
establishment's census-division, central-city status, multi-establishment or
headquarters status, major industry classification and the establishment's
occupational structure, we still found that African Americans are more likely,
and Hispanics are less likely, to work for federal contractors. I did an
analysis for California, and when I controlled for establishment location at the
county level, I found similar results. The issue is more complex than Mr. Newman
suggests.

The research I did with Mr. Spriggs focused on the effects of Executive Order
11246, which seeks to ensure fair employment hiring practices. It does not
ensure outcomes for any group. For instance, we could not control for the skills
of employees. So, we do not know why, or if, contractors treat African Americans
and Hispanics differently. Two possibilities are that establishments are
responding to the higher levels of education of African Americans compared with
Hispanics, or because a disproportionate share of contractors work for the
Department of Defense, establishments may be responding to the higher share of
veterans among African Americans compared with Hispanics.

I hope that those debating affirmative action would use data and not opinions to
shape their beliefs. I compliment Mr. Samuelson for looking at the research in
trying to make up his mind. But I feel that he fell short in describing the
benefits of the federal contractor program. He ignores the effect that the
program has in creating a model for fair hiring practices that firms and state
and local governments emulate.

WILLIAM M. RODGERS III

Williamsburg

LOAD-DATE: August 04, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              467 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              October 17, 1987, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Magrane versus Viola looks like mismatch

BYLINE: By Milt Dunnell Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 796 words

DATELINE: BLOOMINGTON, Minnesota


   BLOOMINGTON, Minn. - It says, right there in big league baseball's publicity
handouts on the 1987 World Series, that this is going to be a classic. And you
know big league baseball is not going to misrepresent anything about the autumn
rituals that have been practised since 1903. So it must be a classic.

At the same time, you can't help noticing that Dorrel Norman (Whitey) Herzog,
the National League's famed White Rat (if he played golf, instead of baseball,
he would be the White Shark) has put the finger on 23-year-old Joe Magrane, who
wasn't even on the Cardinals' training camp roster last April, to pitch this
all-important first World Series game under a roof.

The importance is not because of the roof. It's because the Minnesota Twins have
been on a roll for several weeks. If they win this opener, you never know where
they will stop - if at all. The Detroit Tigers could tell Whitey all about that.

It will be a harrying experience for the Redbird out there on the hill tonight,
a job which you might think belongs to the tournament-toughened and the
battle-scarred. With 55,000 fanatics waving their white hankies and howling
their taunts, the sound gets trapped beneath the bubble and rebounds like the
roar of Niagara Falls.

It helped to beat Jack Morris and Doyle Alexander of the Tigers, two of the
toughest campaigners in the trade. They undoubtedly would deny the din affected
them. But they can't deny they're only human. And they can't deny they lost.

Playing a hunch?

Herzog's choice of the rookie Magrane could be the most surprising since Eddie
Sawyer, then managing the Philly Whiz Kids, sent out Jim Konstanty, a relief
pitcher, to start the 1950 tests against the Yanks. Konstanty, bullpen ace of
the old Toronto Maple Leafs, had made a record 74 relief appearances for the
Phils that season but never had started a single game.

Sawyer's reason was that he had worked his only reliable starting pitcher, Robin
Roberts, until his arm was ready to drop off. He had to gamble on Konstanty to
buy time. Whitey hasn't given his reason for going to Magrane, who gave up four
earned runs in four innings in his last start against the Giants. One of the
four hits he allowed was a Jeff Leonard home run.

Magrane kiddingly suggested Whitey had conducted a lottery to determine his
opening pitcher. He didn't add what might have sounded like a logical punchline
- that he (Magrane) lost.

Statistically, it looks like a mismatch, because Tom Kelly's choice to pitch for
the Twins is Frank Viola, merely the most successful southpaw in baseball over
the last four years. He was a 17-game winner over the past season (Magrane was
9-7) and was second to only Jimmy Key of the Blue Jays in earned run average, at
2.90.

Like the Twins, as a team, Viola is murder at home. He hasn't been beaten in the
Metrodome since May 22. Along with his impressive numbers, Viola has an amulet
going for him. A fan named Mark Dornfeld has a bedsheet banner with the slogan
"Frankie Sweet Music Viola," which he hangs from the upper deck in right field.

Dornfeld naturally claims the banner has a magic influence and that Viola is
15-0 with four non-decisions under his homespun flag. Viola may believe it's
more because of his slider but he is covering all bets and has sent the bedsheet
man tickets to the game.

Veteran Maple Leaf Gardens fans will attest to the importance of such side
effects. When Teeder Kennedy played centre for the Leafs he didn't feel
comfortable until his favorite leather-lunged supporter bawled: "Come On
Te-e-eder" from high in the stands.

If Magrane manages to overcome what look like tremendous odds against him, he is
going to make Whitey look like a genius. Maybe Whitey doesn't need anything to
make him look like a genius. Just getting his beaten-up Redbirds here is enough
to indicate Whitey didn't get his baseball knowledge from reading the thoughts
of Casey Stengel.

Whitey may be due

On the other hand, he won't be treated kindly if the rookie gets worked over by
the fired-up Twins. The guessing then will be that Whitey has had so much bad
luck he had to gamble that the dice would come up 7 or 11 for a change.

Quite aside from the fact he is throwing a freshman against one of the game's
top pitchers, Herzog has to hope his troops can overcome the oddities of
baseball undercover. On this surface and beneath this big top, the Twins own the
best home record in baseball. It didn't happen by accident.

If this were a fist fight in Las Vegas, the books would be asking you to lay
$200 in order to win $150 on the Twins. But this is baseball - not boxing. The
venerable National League doesn't send stiffs to these Octoberfests, although
they have lost 48 of the 83 to date.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              468 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 2, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BID Can Cut Two Ways For Stores on Columbus

SECTION: Section 13; Page 15; Column 2; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 147 words


To the Editor:

Your article "New Split on Columbus, Over BID Plan" (Feb. 9) misrepresents my
views. When I was interviewed, I said I was in favor of the Business Improvement
District, although I had reservations. Now I find myself being quoted as a
merchant who is decidedly against forming this BID.

I did mention that many merchants fear that a successful BID would result in
large rent increases. Should my business improve dramatically as a direct result
of the BID, then my business should be able to absorb any rental increases. On
the other hand, if the BID is only a minor success, my business may not be able
to absorb the costs. I feel that I must align myself with any organization that
can improve the neighborhood and the local businesses, but nonetheless we must
proceed with caution.

GERALD I. SPIGEL
Owner, Indians on Columbus
Upper West Side

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              469 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 17, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

For Those With AIDS, Numbers Don't Count

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 269 words


To the Editor:

As chairman of the committee whose preliminary draft report for the New York
City AIDS Task Force was the subject of ''AIDS Count: Is the Quest for Precision
on the Right Track?'' (Week in Review, July 24), I want to point out that
nowhere does the report imply, as you and some of its critics suggest, ''that
there are only about 100,000 gay and bisexual men in New York City.'' Quite the
contrary; the report emphasizes that the number of such people in New York City
is unknown.

The report also takes issue with the ''rule of thumb . . . that half the
homosexual population is infected''; indeed, the actual figure is probably much
lower.

You also misrepresent the report's methodology: the estimate of infected gay and
bisexual men in New York City is not based on a doubling of San Francisco's
estimate of infected population, but on the ratio of reported acquired immune
deficiency syndrome cases to the estimated infected population. The report
points out that, with 10 times the population of San Francisco, New York City
could reasonably be expected to have far more AIDS cases among gay and bisexual
men than have been reported to date.

The report's principal conclusion is that efforts to care for people with HIV
infection and illness in New York City must be substantially increased whether
or not our estimates of the number of infected people are correct. Anyone
peddling the notion that the city's efforts could be reduced will find no
support whatsoever in the findings of this report.

BRUCE C. VLADECK
President
United Hospital Fund
  New York, Aug. 1, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              470 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

INCUMBENT REPRESENTATIVE FROM NORMAN CLAIMS OPPONENT MISREPRESENTS HIS TIME IN
THE MILITARY ;
Challenger defends record

BYLINE: MICHAEL MCNUTT, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS NORMAN/STATE; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 843 words

DATELINE: NORMAN


NORMAN - A state House member whose support for veterans is being questioned by
his challenger says his opponent ducked out of being deployed to the Middle East
by seeking to be declared a conscientious objector.

But Aaron Stiles, a Republican seeking to unseat Rep. Wallace Collins, said
Friday he never applied for conscientious objector status during the eight years
he served in the military.

"I'm not a conscientious objector," Stiles said. "I never was. I'm not now."

Collins, D-Norman, said he got the information from a local newspaper story
published two years ago in which Stiles is quoted as saying he sought the
conscientious objector status because of his Christian principles.

"I talked to the Norman Transcript and they're saying they stand by their
story," Collins said. "He hasn't taken any action against the Norman Transcript
for a two-year-old story. ... He's a lawyer and he uses weasel words." Stiles
said he was misquoted in the newspaper. "It's all completely false," he said.
The reporter stood by his story Friday. "He said 'applied' (for the status),"
said M. Scott Carter, now with The Journal Record. "It was not granted, but he
did apply."

Stiles, who served six years in the Oklahoma Air National Guard as a security
officer, has sent out mailers telling voters in House District 45, which covers
east Norman, that he is a proven veteran who would have the backbone to look out
for veterans. It said Collins never has passed legislation to benefit veterans.

Talk with chaplain

A mailing paid for by the Oklahoma Democratic Party states that while Stiles
never was granted conscientious objector status, his asking for it kept him in
Oklahoma while other members of his unit went to the Middle East.

Pictures of two men are identified as a Marine veteran and an Army veteran who
are quoted as saying they are upset when a service member oversells his military
service.

Stiles said he didn't know either of the men quoted. They were not in his Air
Force unit, he said.

Stiles, who opposed Collins in 2008, said he was in the Oklahoma Air National
Guard on 9/11.

His unit was ordered into active duty and he was dispatched to the Pacific
Northwest for six months as part of Operation Noble Eagle, the stateside defense
of America.

When he returned to Oklahoma, Stiles said, he talked to the base chaplain about
a couple of issues, including whether he would be able to kill someone.

"After a short time I was put back on full duty, and I actually served our
country for another three years," Stiles said.

"It is an impossibility for me to be on a list or to even know about being
deployed somewhere else. How many people are deployed for six months and then
are immediately deployed somewhere else? That just doesn't happen and that's a
complete falsity."

Honorable discharge

The matter was cleared up in three weeks, Stiles said. He finished his six
months of active duty in Oklahoma. He was given an honorable discharge as a
senior airman from the National Guard in 2003. He received an honorable
discharge from the Air Force two years later after being placed on independent
ready reserve duty.

"I never asked to get out of the Air Force and under no circumstances did it
come anywhere close to me asking to get out of the military," Stiles said.

Stiles provided copies of his discharge papers.

They show he received the National Defense Medal and other awards.

"It's disgusting to me that he's trying to take a private counseling session I
had with a chaplain - that hundreds of veterans go through every day - and he's
trying to deceive the voters making it out to be something it's not," Stiles
said.

Collins is seeking his fifth term. He won election to the House of
Representatives in 1996 and served until 2000.

He again was elected to the House in 2006 and 2008.

He said he doesn't believe Stiles has been "completely truthful" about his
military record.

"If your word's not worth anything, then what do you have?" Collins asked.

Two years ago, Stiles listed the wrong medal he received while serving in the
Oklahoma Air National Guard.

He said he mistakenly listed on his campaign website that he earned a
Meritorious Service Medal.

After one of his former military supervisors questioned the listing, Stiles
checked his military records and said he found he actually received the Air
Force Achievement Medal for meritorious service.

He said it was given for his work in helping with the aftermath of the May 3,
1999, tornadoes.

Both medals are for noncombat service.

Mud throwing

Thad Balkman, who defeated Collins in 2000 and 2002 and lost to Collins in 2006,
said Collins has a history of attacking opponents.

"He sure likes to throw the mud," Balkman said.

Two Cleveland County juries awarded Collins' 1996 opponents $127,000 for
libelous statements he made during his successful election bid.

In 2000, a $45,000 verdict for Collins' Democratic primary opponent was reversed
on appeal to the Oklahoma Supreme Court.

An $82,000 verdict in favor of his opponent in the 1996 general election was
upheld by the same court.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Wallace Collins
Photo 2: Aaron Stiles

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           February 12, 2005 Saturday

Does your contractor get A or F?

BYLINE: By NICK HARDER , The Orange County Register

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 594 words


Want to find out the track record of those who provide services and products for
your home or garden before you spend money?

The Better Business Bureau that serves Orange County has come up with a new way
to help.

The BBB for our area -- which includes Orange, Los Angeles, Riverside and San
Bernardino counties -- has new, searchable online company listings. Here's a
sample BBB report about a local plumbing contractor, whose name I've left out.

``Complainants allege the company misrepresents plumbing problems or emergency
repairs in order to obtain approval on overpriced, or unnecessary repairs. Other
customers complain that the final cost of the service exceeds the original
estimate price, that existing functional fixtures, parts or components are
damaged or stop working after the technician visits, and repairs failed to
correct the problems. Some allege they had to call other companies to fix the
problems and were charged far less for the repairs. The company responds to some
complaints by agreeing to full or partial refunds, disputing allegations and
denying refund requests based on the customer's signature of authorization on
the invoice. One complaint remains unanswered.''

Pretty damning stuff, isn't it?

The rating system and service are only about a month old, said Lona Luckett, a
spokesman for our area's BBB.

``We're still adding to it, and we're working really hard on updating our
database.''

There's also a new rating system.

``Prior to this,'' she said, ``we just rated businesses by `Satisfactory' or
`Unsatisfactory.' Now we have a system that rates from Triple-A to F.''

Contractors and other businesses have their chance to respond.

``Before we list the complaint, we allow time for a response by the person or
company,'' Luckett said. ``However, if they don't respond, we list that, too.''

Here's how to find out about these complaints. If you use the BBB Web site, the
address is: www.labbb.org .

Under ``company reports,'' enter the name of the company or person you're
researching.

If you don't have access to a computer or want additional information, you can
write to the Better Business Bureau at 315 N. La Cadena Drive, Colton, CA 92324,
or call (909) 825-0490.

You can also write to the BBB at 550 W. Orangethorpe Ave., Placentia, CA
92870-6837, or call (714) 985-8922. There is a 24-hour automated system you can
reach at (909) 835-6077.

Another way to check on home contractors is through the Contractors State
License Board. One of the best methods of checking about a contractor is to
check his or her license, to see if it's active and to see whether that person
even has a license.

You can check the California State License Board Web site at www.cslb .ca.gov .
You can also get information from the board by writing to 9821 Business Park
Drive, P.O. Box 26000, Sacramento, CA 95826. The board's number for our area
(offices in Norwalk) is (562) 466-6021. The board's statewide 24-hour number for
licensing and other consumer information is (800) 321-2752.

The problem with trying to find complaints lodged with the CSLB is that the only
ones listed are those that have been adjudicated -- complaints that have gone
through the court or mediation system and a verdict issued.

Trouble is that there could be 100 complaints against a contractor filed with
the CSLB but, because they haven't been adjudicated, they're not listed.

That could be where this new BBB service comes in handy.

Write: Nick Harder, c/o Home & Garden, The Orange County

Register, P.O. Box 11626,

Santa Ana, CA 92711.

Call: (714) 796-7769

E-mail: nharder@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                              472 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 25, 2001 Tuesday Five Star Lift Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR : STADIUM BACKERS MISREPRESENT FACTS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. D14

LENGTH: 483 words


At a Dec. 20 public hearing at the History Museum, the Greater St. Louis Sports
Authority distributed a summary of the memo of understanding on taxpayer-funding
of a new ball park for the St. Louis Cardinals.

This summary contained several misstatements of the document signed June 19 by
Mayor Francis Slay, County Executive Buzz Westfall and Gov. Bob Holden. The
public needs to know what the memo of understanding really says.

* The summary by the Sports Authority said that "the Cardinals must acquire all
of the property necessary" for the new ball park and for the Ballpark Village
development. The memo says the Cardinals do not own one of the six blocks slated
for Ballpark Village and that the Cardinals will buy it only if it is
"economically feasible."

* The summary says the Cardinals "will agree to pay to public investors a
percentage of any gain resulting from the sale of all or part of the team." The
memo says only that the Cardinals will "address" the issue. There is no
discussion of how much of a percentage.

* The summary says the Cardinals "will pay all cost overruns." The memo says
they will pay only if the Cardinals can buy cost overrun insurance on
"reasonable terms."

* The summary says the Cardinals "will contribute the naming right revenues from
the ballpark ... to reimburse the state and the city if new revenues generated
by the ballpark fall short of paying for the amounts appropriated by the state
and city."

The memo says the Cardinals can put in $16 million into the naming ri ghts fund.
To put in more would destroy the tax-exempt status of the bonds issued to build
the stadium, and this is vital to selling the bonds.

The memo says the Cardinals will keep all the rest of the hundreds of millions
of dollars from naming rights until 2015, which will be the first accounting of
whether new tax revenue from the stadium is more than the taxpayers are paying
to retire the bonds.

Why is it important to pay attention to these details on a deal that could cost
taxpayers $430 million over 30 years?

Remember the Kiel Opera House deal? When demolition of Kiel Auditorium to build
the Savvis Center was under discussion, the owners of the St. Louis Blues
promised they would renovate and reopen Kiel Opera House. But when the time
came, they went back to the fine print, which said they had to spend only $2.5
million on the Opera House. The Opera House now sits, deteriorating.

Remember also this: When Cardinals Chairman and general partner Bill DeWitt and
George W. Bush, now president of the United States, were owners of the Texas
Rangers, development of land around the new Rangers ballpark built by taxpayers
was promised. The Rev. Larry Rice of St. Louis recently went to Texas and
observed the vacant land around the Rangers ballpark.

Fred Lindecke

Member, Coalition Against

Public Funding for Stadiums

West County

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              473 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Letter: Thoughtful Owens should get the job

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 228 words


Despite being outspent 10 to one and running against millions of dollars of
outside "tea party" money being funneled into Utah politics, Doug Owens has
clearly emerged as the better person for the job to represent Utahns in
Congress.

Mia Love misrepresents that Mr. Owens is "attacking" her when all he is doing is
pointing out differences in policy, which is what happens in a political
campaign. If she can't handle that conversation, why in the world would we want
to send her to Washington, D.C., to represent us? Those conversations will be
much more difficult, unless Ms. Love naively believes that after she speaks, all
the other 534 members of Congress will slap their palm to their forehead and
say, "Why didn't we think of that? You're exactly right! Let's do it your way!"
Her naivetcc will only lead to more gridlock (see Mike Lee).

Most importantly, while her campaign mailers claim she won't attack people, she
certainly attacks her constituents with her policies on education and health
care. Her proposals will cost thousands of Utahns coverage for health care needs
and opportunities for higher education with, as usual, no viable alternatives
presented by Ms. Love, just empty complaints and political rhetoric. These are
the attacks Utahns can do without, Ms. Love, and why I'll vote for a thoughtful
negotiator like Mr. Owens.

Jerry Schmidt

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Ely Echo (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 27, 2013

Bars, brewers blast booze tax increase proposal passed by Minnesota House

BYLINE: The Ely Echo staff

LENGTH: 713  words


ST. PAUL, Minn. - A bill passed by the Minnesota House that would increase taxes
on alcohol has the hospitality and alcoholic beverage industries in an uproar.

Supporters of raising the excise tax on alcohol say it's long overdue and the
state could bring in $200 million a year if people paid just seven cents more
per drink. Alcoholic beverage producers pay the excise tax.

Supporters say those producers could recoup the expense by passing it along to
their customers. They call it a user-fee that the vast majority of Minnesotans
would hardly even notice.

Opponents say that argument misrepresents what will really happen if the tax
goes up. Summit Brewing founder and President Mark Stutrud said his business
could be on the line.

"Taxation could not only stop our growth but maybe eliminate our existence, and
that's not an exaggeration," Stutrud said. "I'm just saying the facts."

Stutrud said if the House bill becomes law, Summit's state excise tax will jump
to nearly six times what it is now. He said he'd pass the extra cost on to his
wholesalers, who would pass it on to retailers. He said they'd then tack on
their margins and that customers buying a glass of beer at a bar or a six pack
at a liquor store would pay a lot more than seven cents more per drink.

"It's highly misrepresented," Stutrud said. "It doesn't reflect what actually
happens in the marketplace and the biggest disagreement that I have with this
whole positioning is that it's sneaky."

State House Tax Committee Chair Rep. Ann Lenczewski says

If businesses that sell alcohol choose to pass along more than the amount of the
excise tax hike, they, not state lawmakers, will be to blame for dramatic price
jumps, said state Rep. Ann Lenczewski, chair of the State House Tax Committee.

"If the folks involved in the liquor industry want to get a little profit off
their customers because they're hiding behind a user-fee that hasn't been raised
in 26 years, I think you need to ask all of them why they're choosing to go
after their customers because that's not required in the law," said Lenczewski,
DFL-Bloomington.

At many taverns and restaurants in Minnesota, new posters with bright red block
letters urge drinkers to speak out against higher alcohol taxes.

Although Lenczewski and other supporters of the increase say it would amount to
about seven cents a drink, the poster warns a case of beer will cost as much as
$4 more, even though 7 cents times 24 bottles equals less than $2.

At the Loon Cafe in downtown Minneapolis, patron Sean Harrison of St. Paul was
surprised to hear about the proposed tax increase.

"I knew about the tax hike on tobacco, but I had no clue about the take hike on
alcohol," he said.

Harrison who works as a bartender at a different establishment, said making
alcohol more expensive will cut into his livelihood.

"People will still come in but they'll have less," he said. "They'll come in
later and leave earlier."

Tim Mahoney, one of the owners of the Loon, calls the alcohol tax proposal
"ridiculous" and predicts significant increases in drink prices if it becomes
law. He said smaller bars and restaurants in less prime locations than his could
be forced out of business.

"I have a shiny new ballpark behind me, 365 steps behind me, that makes up for a
lot of ills," Mahoney said. "I'm going to survive. But you're going to come in
here and you're going to be paying a significant lot more."

People who work in the alcohol and chemical dependency treatment field would
welcome the price increase.

Ellie Skelton, who runs a women's treatment center in St. Louis Park, said she
and others would prefer that proceeds from the tax increase were dedicated to
offsetting the billions of dollars in costs associated with alcohol abuse.

"I would hate to see this just go the general fund. This would be a user fee and
it should go to pay for the cost of alcohol in Minnesota," Skelton said.

The Minnesota Department of Health estimates that cost at more than $5 billion a
year.

Although the billed passed the House its future is uncertain in the Senate where
the Majority Leader Tom Bakk said there is not as much support for
increasing'taxes alcohol as there is for bumping up the tobacco tax.

Bakk, DFL-Cook, also said he thinks the tax would cost consumers more than seven
cents a drink.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ELY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 The Ely Echo


                              475 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    FEBRUARY 24, 2004 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

Suit: TV show demeans voodoo;
An advocacy group for African religions contends
that the Sci Fi Channel series degrades the religion.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS PHILADELPHIA & ITS SUBURBS; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 438 words


A Philadelphia-based advocacy group for African religions yesterday sued
Universal Studios and producers for cable's Sci Fi Channel, contending that a
forthcoming "reality series" demeans and misrepresents the voodoo religion.

The federal lawsuit filed by the National African Religion Congress Inc. against
Universal Studios Inc., USA Cable Entertainment, and House of Eleven Productions
seeks a court order requiring the producers of Mad Mad House to change their
advertising and programming.

"People already have negative feelings about this religion without a program
like this exacerbating things," said George Ware, president of the five-year-old
congress. The congress claims 4,500 members representing such religions as Akan,
the Orisa Tradition of Trinidad and Tobago, Ifa, Santeria-Yoruba, voodoo,
Candomble and Lucumi, including 500 in the tristate Philadelphia area.

In promotions in print and on cable, Sci Fi describes Mad Mad House, premiering
March 4, as a reality series in which "10 everyday people" move into a house run
by "five genuine practitioners of alternative lifestyles."

The "Alts" - a vampire, Wiccan, naturist, voodoo priestess and modern primitive
- put their 10 guests through "tolerance testing activities," one promotion
says, and then vote weekly to decide who is banished and who ultimately wins a
$100,000 prize.

The lawsuit contends that the program's voodoo priestess, Iya Ta'Shia Asanti, is
actually a priestess of "Yemoja in the Ifa tradition," a faith of the Yoruba
people of Africa.

Asanti does not dress as a voodoo priestess, the lawsuit continues, and a
commercial showing participants being placed into a pit and covered with animal
parts and entrails does not represent voodoo or Ifa.

A spokesman for producers Arthur Smith and Kent Weed in Los Angeles referred
questions to Universal's offices for the Sci Fi Channel in New York. Kat Stein,
a senior vice president for communications, said she could not comment on the
suit before consulting with the channel's lawyers.

The lawsuit contends that producers reached an agreement with Asanti only after
Gro Mambo Angela Novanyon, a recognized Haitian voodoo high priestess in
Philadelphia who founded the congress, refused to participate in Mad Mad House.

The lawsuit asks for a federal judge to require the producers of Mad Mad House
to properly identify Asanti as an Ifa, not a voodoo, priestess and prohibit them
from "airing any episode . . . that falsely portrays any practice of
African-based religions."

Contact staff writer Joseph A. Slobodzian at 215-854-2658 or
jslobodzian@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 15, 2002, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'Very significant' guilty plea in Adelphia case

BYLINE: David Lieberman

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 350 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- The massive fraud case against Adelphia Communications founder John
Rigas and his family grew substantially stronger Thursday as one of his top
lieutenants pleaded guilty.

James Brown, 40, former vice president of finance, agreed to help prosecutors
after telling U.S. District Court in Manhattan that he conspired with the
Rigases to misrepresent the No. 6 cable operator's earnings and subscriber count
going back to at least 1999.

In pleading guilty to conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud, Brown said
that Adelphia specifically wanted to convince Moody's Investors Service, in a
January 2002 meeting, that the company was fulfilling its credit agreements
"when, in fact, it was not."


"It's very significant," says white-collar crime specialist Jacob Frenkel of
Smith Gambrell & Russell. "The hardest thing for people accused of criminal
conduct -- especially senior corporate officials -- is to accept criminal
responsibility. Once one falls, that's when they start to consider the benefits
of a plea."

Rigas, his sons Timothy and Michael, and former assistant treasurer Michael
Mulcahy still face 24 counts of conspiracy and fraud.

Brown, who joined Adelphia in 1984, worked closely with former CFO Timothy
Rigas. He and the other executives were forced out of the company in May.
Adelphia filed for bankruptcy protection in June.

The company said in a statement: "This plea further confirms what has been
alleged by Adelphia in its lawsuits: The Rigases and their accomplices engaged
in massive self-dealing and other wrongful conduct that severely damaged
Adelphia."

Brown's plea also could figure in Adelphia's recent lawsuit against former
auditors Deloitte & Touche. He will be sentenced on April 14. He has already
surrendered $ 45,000 (about 90% of his liquid assets), property in New York and
Pennsylvania and a BMW.

Adelphia's problems first came to light in March, when the company disclosed
that the Rigases had used company assets as collateral for more than $ 3 billion
in loans to a private, family-run partnership.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              477 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

LENGTH: 874 words


Big promises, small gains   |   Dec. 8



Bay area enjoys jobs turnaround

We understand you have a political bone to pick with Gov. Rick Scott, but please
don't misrepresent what is, particularly in our own community, a remarkable
economic turnaround.

Here are just some of the big announcements we've made, and projects that are
underway:

-USAA announced in November plans to create up to 1,215 new jobs by 2019 and
invest $165 million in a new, 420,000-square-foot office complex. Land has
already been purchased in Brandon, with a time line to complete construction and
occupy the new facility by late 2015.

-Amazon confirmed plans in October to construct a 1-million-square-foot, $200
million fulfillment and distribution center in Ruskin, which will employ up to
1,000 local workers.

-In July, Bristol-Myers Squibb selected Tampa as the site of its North America
Capability Center, which will create up to 579 new, high-paying jobs. The
company is already actively engaged in the recruiting and hiring of employees.

-The Depository Trust & Clearing Corp. has created more than 500 new jobs since
arriving in Tampa in 2005 and this year announced it would add another 255
employees.

-Time Warner Business Services announced a move to Tampa in 2011, occupied a new
facility in 2012, and has since hired about 70 new employees.

Hillsborough County has the highest average annual salary of any Florida county.
Our unemployment rate has dropped almost 2 percent in the past year, while the
size of our labor force actually increased by 2 percent. We've led the state in
job gains in seven of the past eight months.

I hope you will take a second look at the jobs picture and recognize this
community for a job well done.

Rick Homans, president and CEO,

Tampa Hillsborough Economic Development Corporation; and

Allen Brinkman, chairman,

Tampa Hillsborough Economic Development Corp., Tampa

Aide should disclose records

Dec. 21, editorial

Sealed records are just that

Kevin King is not guilty of a crime. The judge, in his or her wisdom, sealed the
records so that so that at some future time, information would not be made
public, used selectively in a vindictive, vengeful or harmful way, for the sake
of sensationalism or any other reason, including political purposes to tarnish
the reputation of any of the individuals involved. Don't you understand that?

King does not have any responsibility to release any records he might or might
not have. In my experience, it is unusual to possess or to be able to get such
records from an attorney. If he has them, no matter what they say, I do not
believe he should do other than hold them or destroy them.

He is not necessarily the sole person protected by their being sealed. Certainly
he has no moral right to release them as it might jeopardize the reputation of
others involved. He should honor the judge's decision and so should the Tampa
Bay Times.

There is no dishonor in being arrested. There is no dishonor in being accused of
a crime. There is no dishonor in being tried for a possible offense and not
being convicted. I don't know what there is about that you don't understand, but
the judge was afraid that someone might not understand that, so the judge sealed
the records to prevent it from happening. That is sometimes appropriate in the
cases of young people who are accused or involved in sexual indiscretions,
whether they were guilty or not, and especially if they were found not guilty.

Robert L. Johnson,

Pinellas Park

Shine light on the record

I voted for Rick Kriseman and hoped not to regret it. Well, I do.

This situation screams for sunshine. If there is nothing to hide, pull it out
into the open, shine the brightest possible light on it and inform everyone. If
this was a mistake, let's hear Kevin King explain.

To Kriseman, I will say this: You owe it to this voter, and all who voted for
you, to set the transparency bar of your approaching mayoral tenure high -
higher than your predecessor, and higher than the need for complete comfort.
Show us how forthright you, and your administration, can be. We are waiting.

Juliana Menke, St. Petersburg

Florida jobless rate at 6.4%   |   Dec. 21


A painful twist

After reading this article in the Times, I suggest you have Jeff Harrington's
back examined by a competent physician. To bend over backwards that far in a
weak attempt to downplay the jobless rate just to make Gov. Rick Scott look bad
must have caused a great deal of damage.

I understand the Times delights in twisting the news to support Democrats, but
isn't there one editor there to put a limit on it so one could call your
workplace a newspaper?

David D. Bugbee, Palm Harbor

Fury erupts in India   |   Dec. 20


Why single out Muslims?

The photo refers to "Indian Muslims in Ajmer, India," burning an effigy of
President Barrack Obama over the mistreatment of Indian diplomat Devyani
Khobragade. How did the Tampa Bay Times determine the protesters' religion? And
how is religion material?

The case has touched the entire nation of India, a population of about 1 billion
inhabitants, predominantly Hindu. The Ajmer district is composed of 2.1 million,
of which a majority are Hindu at 1.9 million, with 244,000 Muslims, yet the
Times managed to profile "anti-America" Muslims.

Z. Shebaro, Tampa

Main

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright  2013  Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 5, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Literary Psyche

SECTION: Section 7;  Page 4;  Column 3;  Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 339 words


To the Editor:

Both your subhead ("According to this biography, Gore Vidal has no unconscious")
and your review of "Gore Vidal: A Biography" (Nov. 14) substantially
misrepresent the book: nowhere in the book do I as biographer claim that Gore
Vidal has no unconscious. I do not accept Judith Calvino's or Vidal's claim to
that effect, but I present it to the reader as a matter of interest that these
two people make the same point. I assume (mistakenly in this case) that the
reader will be able to evaluate such a claim without superfluous editorial
comment. I assume that the reader will also compare these claims with Vidal's
cogent statements (which I quote) about the role of his unconscious in his
writing life. That as a biographer (whose biographies of Dickens and Henry James
have been labeled by some reviewers as "Freudian") I would make such a claim is
ludicrous.

I have no intellectual objection to William Deresiewicz disliking the book and
either not comprehending or finding fault with my biographical method, which is
to show, among other things, how the world looks to my subject, an approach that
the reviewer doesn't seem to have grasped. Still, it should give one pause when
a reviewer of the first-ever biography of an important and interesting
literary/cultural figure faults the book for containing "the trivia of names,
dates and comically inconsequential details" rather than more literary criticism
of the sort that is already available in the introduction to my edition of "The
Essential Gore Vidal," which your reviewer praises. Put aside "comically
inconsequential details" (for the Freudian your reviewer laments I am not, no
detail is inconsequential; all the better if it's "comical"). But names and
dates? They are generally granted to be important to a biography. Apparently
your reviewer disagrees. He refers, angrily, to "the damn book," an unusual way
to refer to a book under review and not calculated to add to an impression of
professional objectivity.

Fred Kaplan
Brooklyn

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              479 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   October 26, 1988, Wednesday, City Edition

Spokesman defends ACLU against attacks

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 2320 words



Editor: Vice President Bush attacked the American Civil Liberties    Union
(ACLU) again in the second presidential debate, saying, "I don't    like their
left-wing political agenda."

     He fundamentally misrepresents the work of our organization. The    ACLU
has no political agenda. It never supports candidates for public    office. Its
members include Democrats, Republicans, Independents,    Libertarians,
Socialists and Environmentalists. Its positions may be    conservative, liberal
or radical.

     The ACLU operates on a different scale altogether, not from left to
right but from top to bottom. The top is defined by those powerful    closing
words from the Pledge of Allegiance: "liberty and justice for    all." At the
bottom the words would be: "repression for all." Ranged    in between are
various degrees of liberty and justice for some and    repression for others.

     The sole purpose of the ACLU is to uphold the principles of liberty    and
justice as set forth in the Constitution. Its main opponent is    repressive
government by either party at any level.

     At the ACLU of Florida's annual conference earlier this month in    Tampa,
many speakers called attention to the widespread government    repression now
taking place in Florida.

     We see repression from Pensacola, where local government dictates    what
movies people may see, to international waters off Miami, where    federal
agents seize a yacht because a few traces of marijuana are    found on board.

     We see censorship in schools and libraries across the state. In    Lake
City, a federal judge upholds the local school board's decision    removing the
classics Lysistrata and The Miller's Tale from high school    classrooms.

     We see repression in Brevard County, where indigent women are given    long
prison sentences and huge fines for non-violent protests against    the nuclear
weapons at Cape Canaveral.

     We see police brutality and racism in Tampa, where white police    officers
beat, choke and shoot unarmed blacks to death, but are not    charged with any
crime or fired from the force.

     We see repression and racism in our courts, our huge prisons and    our
vengeful, government-operated, murder system. We see repression and    age
discrimination against juveniles in our jails, prisons and training    schools.

     We see repression, age discrimination and sexism in Florida's new
teen-age pregnancy law, denying young women the right to control their    own
bodies.

     We see xenophobia in the Official English initiative aimed at    ending the
cultural identity of Spanish-speaking people whose history    in Florida
predates the Anglos by 300 years.

     We see personal privacy invaded by intrusive regulations concerning
sexual and family matters.

     We see attempts to breach the high wall separating church and    state.

     Nationally, we see a relatively small health problem - drug    addiction -
transformed into an immense criminal justice problem by    driving it
underground through criminalization.

     Throughout our nation's history, governments at all levels - often    with
broad, bipartisan, popular support manufactured with lies,    emotional appeals,
and biased press coverage - have violated the civil    liberties of vulnerable
individuals and groups.

     If elected, George Bush evidently plans to continue that repressive
tradition. That's why he attacks the ACLU.

 Charles Willett, President, ACLU of Florida, Miami Where are the    hungry?



   Editor: Re: Your editorial, A simple thing for hunger, Oct. 17.

     Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. It was only    two
years ago, 1986, around election time I believe, that the liberal    media were
screaming their heads off about hunger in America. In a    country as rich as
the United States, millions were starving

 Galvanized by the onslaught of media hype, an organization calling    itself
"Hands Across America," and backed by the media, set out to    feed the hungry.
Thousands, if not millions, held hands and contributed    money. Millons of
dollars were collected. The hungry of America were    saved.

     When this great media event was over, "Hands Across America"    began to
look around for some hungry to feed. To their dismay, they    found out that the
hungry were few and far between. They were so few,    that by 1988, they had
still not spent the money that they collected in    1986. ABC-TV could not
believe it. They sent one of their ace    reporters, Rebecca Chase, out to find
the elusive hungry. Chase    admitted that network producers were hell-bent to
locate dire hunger.

 Traveling for days, Chase found no hunger. None.

     Now, only two years later, with the nation near to full employment    the
St. Petersburg Times has found that "20-million people in the    country are
hungry." But don't worry, they haven't forgotten the    homeless; they are
undoubtedly saving them for the week before the    election.

 R.W. Weiss, St. Petersburg Column worth repeating

   Editor: Please repeat Daniel Rosen's column in this morning's Times,    Oct.
20, 21A, A no-flab manifesto of conservatism. Could you place it    on the
front-page and label it as "opinion." It says so much    succinctly  Everyone
should have the opportunity to read it - even    those who don't get to the
editorial page.

 I.F.S. Sartain, Bayonet Point Jefferson was a liberal

   Editor: A recent letter writer accused Thomas Jefferson of being a
hypocrite because he owned slaves; however, he does Mr. Jefferson an
injustice. Jefferson gave orders to his overseer never to purchase a    slave.
Those he had came from his father, his wife's father and from    trades. Other
farmers knew of Mr. Jefferson's liberal policy and they    traded to him their
older slaves who could no longer work. Monticello    became like an old folks'
home for slaves. He taught his workers to    make nails, shoe horses and other
skills besides farming.

     Thomas Jefferson proposed to the Virginia Legislature (1778) that    slaves
be returned to the African coast and that measure was defeated.

     When he was a member of Congress (1783) Jefferson proposed that no
slaves be allowed in the new state of Ohio and that then-known slaves    would
be freed by the year 1800. This failed by one vote.

     Toward the end of his life, (1821), Jefferson did not stand with    the
Abolitionists; therefore, he is accused of being a hypocrite at    that point.
But you can see that he rightly guessed the controversy    could lead to a war
which would divide the country. As much as he hated    slavery, Jefferson did
not want the union to fall.

     Yes, Thomas Jefferson was a liberal, and he believed that all men    are
equal in the sight of God, and he fought hard for what he believed    in.

 Grace Druyor, St. Petersburg Challenge to pro-lifers

   Editor: A challenge to pro-lifers and our laws.

     Recently I've read an Ann Landers column, Oct. 16, a letter Enough
babies asking a vital question of pro-lifers: "Where are we going to    find
homes for the deformed and handicapped babies?" Of course    "handicapped" would
include the drug addicted and AIDS babies too.

 Where are the pro-lifers to take care of these babies?

     In US News and World Report a letter, Oct. 17, asked, "Why don't
pro-life people concern themselves with working for the already born
(unwanted) children?"

     And again the St. Petersburg Times, Oct. 16, Babies' huge hospital
bills: Who will pay?

     I've asked myself these questions and still wonder why pro-lifers
              only care about making their personal opinions the law for all and
care    so little about the life unwanted babies and children suffer. Can any
pro-lifer give a good answer to why they don't demonstrate their loving    care
of unwanted children by taking, guaranteeing and ensuring a    loving, caring
home for each and every unwanted baby now in hospitals    or foster homes?

     Why don't pro-lifers register themselves, every one of them in each    of
these 50 states, and each take one or two handicapped, deformed    and/or
unwanted or starving children, promising to love, care for, and    educate that
child until the child can live a useful and productive    life or to keep that
child until a natural death if the child can never    live alone and provide for
itself.      And why don't pro-lifers take financal responsibility for those
babies who would naturally die if doctors and hospitals were not forced    by
law and ethics to prolong life no matter the financial cost or    quality of
life for the baby. And what will you pro-lifers do to ensure    that all
pregnant women, mainly the poor and uninformed, will have    proper prenatal
care and proper diet?

     If each and every pro-lifer, by desire and by law, had to take such
responsibility for these unwanted babies and children how many would    stand in
line to register to take and provide for all unwanted    children?

     Pro-lifers, answer

 Helen Taylor, Dunedin Back to the '20s

   Editor: Have you noticed how similar the 1928 economy was to    today's?

     1.Superficially, things seemed good ("The Roaring Twenties").

     2.There was a lot of stock manipulation with pyramids of    corporations
owning other corporations (today these are called    conglomerates).

     3.Banks made unsound loans.

     4.High income people prospered (The rich got richer).

     5.Unemployment was beginning to worsen (The poor got poorer).

     6.Government was considered the enemy during eight years of    Republican
presidents (Harding and Coolidge).

     7.U.S. citizens were about to elect a Republican president for the    third
term in a row (Herbert Hoover).

 David D. Porter, St. Petersburg Sounds like sex discrimination

   Editor: I am 22 years old, single, and live in Florida full-time.

 These are the worst three combinations a person could have while    attempting
to obtain a "reasonable" car insurance rate. I am a very    good driver. The
majority of my occupation entails driving, so I pride    myself on having a
clean record. The state has issued me a safe driver    stamp and I have received
several other driving awards from the    military. Even with all of my
experience the insurance companies charge    me an outrageous rate. This is
because they judge me as a statistic and    not as an individual. I am
personally appalled at the fact that I could    buy a new car every three years
with the money I have to spend on car    insurance.

     If that fact isn't startling enough for you I've got another. My    sister
who is a beginning driver pays less than I do. The insurance    company tells me
that this is because she is a female, and females in    the teen-age group have
fewer accidents than males. This sounds    extremely close to sex discrimination
to me.

 L.H. Finkel, Safety Harbor Frightening future

   Editor: This summer, America got the first glimpse of a future we    cannot
allow to happen. Atmospheric scientists say that this summer's    drought could
be the first sign of the greenhouse effect. Hospital    wastes have been washing
up on our Atlantic shores and each year more    people contract skin cancer
caused by the depletion of our ozone. As    the acid rain continued to fall, the
Reagan administration continued to    spend money "studying" the problem. Our
only hope in reversing an    environmental decline is a president and Congress
who will take    decisive action now to preserve a world that is safe, healthy
and    habitable.

     The League of Conservation Voters is a coalition of national
environmental organizations whose purpose is to collate the records of
politicians on environmental issues. George Bush has refused to    complete the
League's questionnaire indicating his own positions. He    also failed to
participate in a presidential debate located in New    Hampshire during the
primary, which focused entirely on environmental    issues. The League gave Bush
an overall grade of D+ on the    environmental record that he has established.
Michael Dukakis has    compiled a strong environmental record of past
achievements as governor    of Massachusetts and the League gave him an overall
grade of B. The    League does not usually endorse a presidential candidate;
however, the    urgency of the issues of this election year warranted an
endorsement of    Michael Dukakis.

 Tom Tomlinson, Palm City Share your opinions

   We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be
addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg,    33731.
They should be brief and must include the handwritten signature    and address
of the writer.

     Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that    not
all letters can be printed.



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, DON ADDIS; If animal lovers were consistent: a
newscaster announcing the rescue attempt of three rats trapped in a backed-up
sewer with a picture of the animals behind him

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              480 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 14, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Marlboro Man Doesn't Deserve Honor;
Secondhand Smoke

SECTION: Section 4;  Page 18;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 258 words


To the Editor:

James Villas, in his April 6 Op-Ed article extolling the virtues of being
surrounded by cigarette smoke, misrepresents a Congressional Research Service
report on the effects of secondhand smoke.

Its report is a useful independent critical appraisal and a re-analysis of some
of the evidence.

However, it is not anywhere near as extensive as a report produced by the
Environmental Protection Agency, nor has it been subjected to independent review
as has the E.P.A. report.

While the Congressional Research Service avoids any firm conclusions, many
public health professionals would be happy to accept it as providing further
supporting evidence in favor of the Environmental Protection Agency's findings.

In fact, one author of the report, Stephen Redhead, has been quoted as saying
that the Congressional Research Service study does not dispute the E.P.A.
findings that secondhand smoke is a class A human carcinogen.

Secondhand smoke is a dangerous substance to which there is no known safe level
of exposure. The only people who consistently dispute this finding are those
associated with the tobacco industry.

The rights of business owners, or customers who smoke, cannot override the
rights of employees and nonsmoking customers to have an environment that is free
from secondhand smoke.

A. J. HEDLEY
CAROL L. BETSON
Hong Kong, April 11, 1996

The writers are, respectively, a professor of community medicine at the
University of Hong Kong, and chairwoman of People Acting for a Smokeless
Society.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              481 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             August 14, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Picks their poison: UT wants turnovers

BYLINE: Suzanne Halliburton AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 757 words


Consider the collective talent résumé of last year's Texas secondary:

Safety Michael Huff won the Thorpe Award as the nation's top defensive back. He
was the seventh pick of the NFL draft. Cornerback Cedric Griffin, who like Huff
was a four-year starter, was a second-round pick by Minnesota.

Safety Michael Griffin was the leading tackler on last year's team and is an
early favorite for this year's Thorpe. Juniors Aaron Ross and Tarell Brown split
time at the other corner. There wasn't an underclassmen in the savvy bunch.

Now consider this odd stat, one that appears to misrepresent the talented group.
They had only 11 interceptions, tied for only 70th best in the country. Only
Kansas State and Oklahoma State picked off fewer passes in the Big 12
Conference.

And it was the second fewest interceptions in Mack Brown's eight seasons
directing the Longhorns.

Normally, it's difficult to find fault in a team that wins a national
championship. When the Texas coaches gathered in the offseason to critique the
2005 performance, however, it didn't take long for them to figure out what was
missing from an otherwise solid defense.

They realize that if the Longhorns are to successfully defend their title,
especially with an untested quarterback, the defense has to create momentum
swings. They weren't needed that much in 2005, since the offense averaged 500
yards and 50 points a game.

"We had our hands on 23 balls," said Texas co-defensive coordinator Gene Chizik.
"If we make half those catches, we'd be up there with the leaders."

Texas Christian was tops a year ago with 26, with Oregon next at 23. Southern
California, which focuses its entire defense on the turnover premise, was tied
for third with 22.

During voluntary workouts this summer, the Texas secondary forced the turnover
issue among themselves, making a new rule for seven-on-seven passing drills. If
one of them got a hand on the ball and didn't make the interception, it was a
poor play. The cornerback or safety was told to drop to the grass for a quick
round of five finger-tip pushups. It didn't matter if the pass breakup was a
spectacular play in itself. If the ball fell to the ground, the defensive back
followed suit.

They're still enforcing the rule in preseason drills. That's why reserve safety
Tyrell Gatewood was allowed only a momentary preen and a round of spirited
applause from the fans when he broke up a pass intended for starting split end
Limas Sweed. After all, Gatewood's hand touched the ball, although he would have
had to have been a professional acrobat to make the catch. He did the required
pushups without a complaint.

"The players have really bought into it," said Texas co-defensive coordinator
Duane Akina.

But to improve the interception statistic, the entire defense has to contribute.
The rush must be stouter; the defensive backs must have better hands downfield.

The man coverage Texas uses also makes it difficult for cornerbacks,
specifically, to make the picks.

"I usually have my back to the ball 'til the last minute," said Tarell Brown,
who conceded that he probably dropped the most interceptions a year ago. "We're
not like the safeties who always are looking at the quarterbacks."

Ross and Griffin tied for the team lead in interceptions with three. No one else
had more than one. Akina said that few teams tried to test Huff and Cedric
Griffin, thus limiting their chances to grab a pass.

It should be pointed out that interceptions aren't the sole responsibility of
the secondary. An effective rush is needed to fluster the quarterback into
making a bad decision. The Texas pass rush was adequate but not overwhelming a
year ago, averaging 2.6 sacks and nine quarterback hurries a game.

Conversely, the Longhorns had few problems forcing fumbles. Their total of 16
fumbles recovered were fourth-best in the country, behind Louisville, Southern
Mississippi and South Florida.

Defensive players still are practicing their punch-out moves, no matter whether
the play is close to the line of scrimmage or far downfield. Running back Henry
Melton beat linebacker Robert Killebrew on a long pass play last week in
practice. Just before Melton crossed into the end zone, Killebrew popped the
ball loose, then chided the sheepish back as he ran toward the defensive huddle.

Fellow linebacker Rashad Bobino put the turnover theme in the simplest of terms.

"See the ball," Bobino said. "Hit the ball."

shalliburton@statesman.com; 445-3954

(BOX)

Picking

'em off

Interceptions in the Mack Brown era:

1998 12

1999 10

2000 14

2001 12

2002 22

2003 15

2004 13

2005 11

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 OCTOBER 31, 1997 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

MAP MISREPRESENTS AREAS OF FLOOD DANGER

BYLINE: FRANK SWEENEY, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 417 words


The flood danger this winter isn't quite as widespread throughout northeast San
Jose and Milpitas as an impressive -- but incorrect -- map distributed by San
Jose officials and inserted in Tuesday's Mercury News would have you believe.

Thanks to a $64 million flood control project on Coyote Creek north of Montague
Expressway completed in late 1995, much of that area no longer is within the
so-called "100-year flood" plain, even though the map designated it so.

City officials produced the insert to alert residents of the possibility of
flooding in this winter's El Nino-spawned storms and let them know where they
could pick up sandbags in an emergency. But the city wasn't provided the latest
information from the Santa Clara Valley Water District.

The map was the most up-to-date chart available when graphics designers began
the work a few weeks ago. It showed the area that flooded during the last major
El Nino of 1982-83, when Coyote Creek overflowed to swamp Interstate 880 and
spread west to turn Alviso into a lake without an outlet.

The trouble was, acknowledged water district spokesman Mike Di Marco, the map
had been produced for the Santa Clara County Fair two years ago -- before the
Coyote Creek work was completed.

"When we gave it to them, it was the latest map we had," Di Marco said. "We were
just trying to provide a map that shows all the creeks."

The official designation of flood plains comes from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency. After receiving notification of the Coyote Creek project
completion, FEMA on July 10 sent letters to San Jose, Milpitas, Santa Clara
County and the water district saying the area in question no longer was in the
100-year flood plain.

But it takes time for things to filter through bureaucracies. The water
district, for one, still hasn't seen a map from FEMA, but now is developing its
own revised flood maps, Di Marco said.

Even though an area is not in the 100-year flood plain, any location on the
valley floor is subject to flooding from such things as clogged storm drains, Di
Marco said. And the broad-brush maps published in the insert don't contain
enough detail to rely on.

So residents who live in the area north of Montague Expressway and east of First
Street should call their city building department to find out if they're really
in the flood plain. For San Jose, the number is (408) 277-3133; in Milpitas it's
(408) 942-2372; and for unincorporated areas, call the county at (408) 299-2351.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 18, 1998, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MCIVER DENIES PAYMENT REPORT

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. C2

LENGTH: 356 words


In his first public comments since his neck was cut, Dallas Cowboys offensive
lineman Everett McIver denied having been paid - or even asked - to remain
silent about the injury and didn't say whether Michael Irvin was involved.

"I have not received any payments, from anyone, in return for my silence as has
been inaccurately alleged," McIver said in a statement. "I have not been asked
to withhold any information or testimony or to misrepresent any of the facts of
the incident."

McIver released the statement through the team Monday.

Several reports, all citing anonymous sources, have said Irvin cut McIver with a
pair of scissors during a scuffle over a haircut in a training camp dormitory.

* Jets trade Hansen: Punter Brian Hansen, entering his 14th NFL season, was
traded by the New York Jets to Green Bay on Monday for undisclosed
considerations.

Hansen, who spent the past four seasons with the Jets, also has kicked for New
Orleans, New England and Cleveland.

* Alstott gets 6-year extension: The Tampa Bay Buccaneers signed fullback Mike
Alstott to a new six-year contract extension.

Alstott, 24, rushed for 665 yards and a team-high seven touchdowns on 176
carries last season, his second in the NFL. In exhibition games:

* Colts 30, Bengals 27: Peyton Manning led the Indianapolis Colts to 23 points
in the first half and looked much sharper than in his pro debut, setting up a
victory over the Bengals. Manning completed 5 of 11 passes for 112 yards in the
half and threw a 12-yard touchdown pass to Marvin Harrison on a perfectly
executed slant pattern.

While Manning showed progress, Neil O'Donnell showed he's ready to take Jeff
Blake's job with the Bengals (0-2).

* Patriots 21, Cowboys 3: With the second-largest crowd in NFL history
thundering from the stands, the New England Patriots seemed to solve at least
some of their preseason woes by beating the the frustrated Dallas Cowboys.

Sedrick Shaw ran for 50 yards in 14 tries, scored two touchdowns and had a third
called back for a Patriot team struggling to replace the departed former All-Pro
tailback Curtis Martin.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              484 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 22, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

END TO SUIT DENIED IN SMOKING DEATH

BYLINE: By DONALD JANSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1039 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, April 21


A Federal judge refused today to dismiss a suit against three cigarette
manufacturers, saying sufficient evidence had already been presented for a jury
to reasonably conclude that the companies had conspired to misrepresent and
conceal the dangers of smoking.

In a midtrial ruling in Federal District Court, the judge, H. Lee Sarokin,
dismissed four allegations against the companies, including a contention that
they could have made a safer cigarette, for lack of evidence. But he refused to
dismiss four other allegations. #40 Years of Smoking Lawyers for the companies -
the Liggett Group, Philip Morris and Lorillard - had asked the judge to dismiss
all charges after lawyers for Rose D. Cipollone, a Little Ferry, N.J., woman who
died in 1984 at the age of 58 after 40 years of smoking cigarettes, finished
presenting evidence.

The jury was not made aware of the judge's ruling. The jury has been instructed
to avoid news accounts of the case, but spokesmen for the defense expressed
concern that jurors might inadvertently encounter reports of the judge's
opinion.

Judge Sarokin, in a sharply worded 33-page ruling, said a jury could reasonably
conclude that the companies engaged in a ''devious'' industrywide conspiracy to
mislead smokers and potential smokers ''in callous, wanton, willful and reckless
disregard for the health of consumers.''

''Defendants were confronted with a choice between the health and lives of the
consumers and profits, and the jury could reasonably conclude that the industry
chose profits,'' the judge, a non-smoker, wrote in an opinion rejecting a
defense motion that all claims in the case be dismissed.

He said, for example, that the jury could reasonably conclude from the evidence
presented so far that the Council for Tobacco Research, started by the tobacco
industry in 1954 with the announced purpose of investigating whether smoking was
safe, ''was nothing but a hoax created for public relations purposes with no
intention of seeking the truth or publishing it.''

''There has been overwhelming evidence presented to the jury, from which they
could conclude that smoking causes lung cancer, that smoking caused lung cancer
in Mrs. Cipollone and that lung cancer was the cause of her eventual death,'' he
said. Judge Sarokin, a highly respected jurist who was appointed a Federal judge
in 1979 by President Jimmy Carter, has presided over many major cases, including
the overturning of the triple murder convictions of Rubin (Hurricane) Carter and
John Artis.

Punitive Damages

Mrs. Cipollone's husband, Antonio, is suing the cigarette companies for damages.
Judge Sarokin said today that the Cipollone estate would still be allowed to
seek punitive damages.

''If the jury accepts the plaintiff's version of the facts as to the conduct of
the defendants,'' he said, ''it is difficult to envision a more compelling case
for an award of punitive damages.''

Charles R. Wall, a lawyer for Philip Morris and Lorillard, said, ''There were
flourishes from the judge's pen that went beyond the plaintiff's evidence.''

In court Tuesday, the defendants filed a motion for a mistrial on the basis that
Judge Sarokin had become an advocate for the plaintiffs. They said his
questioning of a defense witness last week conveyed such ''incredulity'' that
''the jury could come to no other conclusion than that the court was on the side
of plaintiff's counsel.'' No ruling has been made on the motion.  Since 1954,
several hundred lawsuits contending that death or injury had resulted from
cigarette smoking have been filed against manufacturers. Most have been dropped
by the plaintiffs or dismissed by courts. The manufacturers have never lost a
smoking-and-health suit or paid a penny in settlement.

But in this case, for the first time, a plaintiff's lawyers obtained court
permission to search the confidential files of the defendant companies and of
industry organizations such as the Council for Tobacco Research. Scores of
internal documents obtained in the search have been presented to the jury as
evidence to support contentions of a conspiracy to mislead.

'Sophisticated Conspiracy'

''Evidence presented by the plaintiff,'' Judge Sarokin said, ''particularly that
contained in documents of the defendants themselves, indicates the development
of a public relations strategy aimed at combating the mounting adverse
scientific reports regarding the dangers of smoking.

''The evidence indicates further that the industry of which these defendants
were and are a part entered into a sophisticated conspiracy. The conspiracy was
organized to refute, undermine and neutralize information coming from the
scientific and medical community and, at the same time, to confuse and mislead
the consuming public in an effort to encourage existing smokers to continue and
new persons to commence smoking.''

Judge Sarokin noted that evidence had been introduced showing that results of
industry-sponsored research adverse to the industry's goals had been
''suppressed and concealed.''

''At least one scientist testified as to threats made to him if he published his
findings, and there was other evidence of attempts to suppress or coerce
others,'' he said.

Alan M. Darnell, a Cipollone attorney who has specialized in tobacco litigation
for plaintiffs, said in an interview that ''I've never before read a decision in
tobacco and health litigation where a trial judge has determined that there is
sufficient credible evidence upon which a reasonable jury could base a decision
that defendants are guilty of outrageous conduct.''

'Heart of the Case'

Mr. Wall, the lawyer for Philip Morris and Lorillard, said the defendants
regretted that Judge Sarokin had not dismissed all claims in the case today but
were gratified that ''the court has thrown out claims that go to the heart of
the case, particularly claims that the defendants could have produced a safer
product that could have prevented Mrs. Cipollone's injury.''

Mr. Darnell denied that the plaintiff had lost a central claim. ''The heart
continues to beat,'' he said. ''The heart of the case is the claim of the
defendants' failure to disclose to the public what should have been disclosed a
long time ago.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              485 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 22, 2005, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Story about baggage screening leaves out current, key data

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 240 words

USA TODAY's article about the cost to maintain airport baggage screening
equipment might lead readers to erroneous conclusions about the reliability of
L-3 Communications' airport baggage screening systems and the level of security
in place to protect the flying public today ("Maintenance costs for airport
scanners spike," News, Oct. 31).

The screening equipment Americans are now accustomed to seeing in our airports
is an important and effective first line of defense that is helping prevent
attacks against commercial airlines. L-3's baggage screening machines have a 98%
operability rate, according to data approved by the Transportation Security
Administration. These data were provided to USA TODAY but were unfortunately
left out of the story.

Instead, the newspaper cited outdated information from a report that is now
almost four years old that seriously misrepresents the current functionality of
our machines.

As with any technical product, our baggage scanning machines require routine
maintenance to ensure they perform their vital function properly. Again, as we
mentioned to USA TODAY, we're working diligently with TSA to reduce overall
operating costs, including maintenance support. The flying public deserves to
read accurate and current information about the security measures in place at
our nation's airports.

Thomas M. Ripp, president

L-3 Security and Detection Systems

Woburn, Mass.




LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              486 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             July 6, 2006 Thursday
                                 Online Edition

Thinking Right;
Mortgage fraud: Where's honesty gone?

BYLINE: JIM WOOTEN; Staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 455 words


Thursday, July 6, 2006, 06:33 AM

Three states in the Southeast --- Georgia, Florida and North Carolina --- are
among the top 5 in the nation in mortgage fraud. Georgia, until recently, was
number one. Bob Young, the regional director of the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development in Atlanta, calls it "one of the fastest growing crimes in
America" with the number of pending cases nearly doubling in the past three
years.

The most common mortgage fraud scheme, Young says, is to sell a home at a hugely
inflated price, relying on phony appraisals. Another is to use bogus pay stubs
or other documents to misrepresent a buyer's ability to qualify for a mortgage.
"These crimes take the collusion of several parties to pull off," Young
continues. "That's why when you see cases of mortgage fraud, you'll usually find
some combination of real estate brokers/agents, appraisers, mortgage brokers and
attorneys involved." New anti-flipping rules involving FHA mortgages take effect
Friday. Flipping is buying a property and quickly reselling it at an inflated
price.

Much as my conservative heart loves the mortgage --- home ownership, like
marriage, is the beginning of healthy communities --- I'm appalled that
white-collar professionals in several respected fields are so ethically bankrupt
that they'd casually rip off the rest of us. You expect when the government's
handing out free $2.000 debit cards to Katrina victims with little or no
accountability that the crooks will surface. But if elements of the middle class
are so lacking moral bearing, what does that say about the kind of communities
we're building? Whenever gas prices spike, liberals and cynics trash Big Oil or
Big Business as corrupt. Frankly, I'm less worried about that than I am about
corruption next door.

We see it, too, in resume' inflation. People just flat lie, claiming degrees
they don't have or awards they didn't earn. I attribute some of it to the
cynical proposition that employers discriminate in hiring, and if you can just
get your foot in the door, you can prove your ability. We think "the system" is
corrupt, so we corrupt ourselves.

Why Georgia with mortgage fraud? I'm not one of those who believes that a
politician who takes a free meal is destined to become corrupt, but in small
ways --- resume inflation --- little corruptions do foreshadow big ones.
Mortgage fraud is an example. How can we expect virtue in Katrina opportunists,
or how can we expect immigrants to honor the rule of law and take the legal
route, when important elements of the middle class, society's keeper of values,
rationalizes away its own corruption?

http://www.ajc.com/opinion/content/shared-blogs/ajc/thinkingright/entries/2006/0
7/06/mortgage_fraud.html

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              487 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 2, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

The Whole Truth -- and a Little More?

Donald P. Baker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: VIRGINIA WEEKLY; PAGE V3; VIRGINIA POLITICS

LENGTH: 958 words


In the age of television, the adage that you shouldn't believe everything you
read should be expaned to include what you hear and see, especially in a
political campaign.

Take, for example, a commercial playing on Washington area television stations
in which Democrat Mary Sue Terry boasts that she is "the only candidate for
governor who supports the death penalty and a five-day waiting period" for
handgun purchases.

Technically true but, according to her opponent, Republican George F. Allen, the
words are meant to deceive viewers into thinking that he is opposed to the death
penalty, which he is not. He is, however, opposed to a waiting period for gun
purchases.

"We all know that Mary Sue Terry has millions of dollars to throw into
television advertising," Allen said in a statement. "But she owes it to all
Virginians to be truthful in those ads, and to not misrepresent my positions on
the issues."

Terry's political consultant, Tom King, said the commercial's wording is
"completely legitimate." King added that the inflection of the announcer's voice
makes it clear that he is talking about both issues.

Allen's complaints are "a smokescreen" for the GOP's failure to raise enough
money to combat Terry's ads, King said.


Unlicensed Farris Passes on Va. Bar

Don't expect any free legal advice from Michael P. Farris, the Loudoun County
lawyer who is the Republican nominee for lieutenant governor, because he is not
licensed to practice law in Virginia.

"I've never made any secret about it," said Farris, who said that not being
licensed in the state "is a protection against having to do driving tickets" and
other favors for friends and neighbors.

Farris is a member of the D.C. Bar, several federal bar associations and the bar
in Washington state, where he grew up. When he moved to Virginia 10 years ago,
he would have had to take the bar exam to get a license in the state. But now,
after more than five years as a member of the District's bar, he said he could
apply for reciprocal admission to Virginia's.

But he said he wants to "stay focused on my national practice" as president of
the Purcellville-based Home School Legal Defense Association. In that role he
has argued cases in about 20 states, including a couple in Virginia, and always
is represented by local counsel.


Poll Shows Terry's Lead Slipping

The spin doctors were busy yesterday reacting to the latest poll by Mason-Dixon
Research Inc., which showed that Terry's lead has slipped to six percentage
points over Allen. The survey showed Terry with 46 percent, Allen with 40
percent and 14 percent undecided.

"To be this close against someone perceived as a virtual incumbent confirms that
the momentum is clearly on George Allen's side," said Allen's press secretary,
Jay Timmons.

Terry spokesman King countered that "traditionally the race for governor is
nearly even on Labor Day, so we are very pleased with our lead. The Allen
campaign has been saying for weeks that the race is tied. Clearly, this is just
not true. This is where we thought the race would always be."

Perhaps, but a couple of weeks ago, King was predicting that the poll, taken for
several newspapers and television stations, would show Terry leading by at least
eight percentage points. Terry's media consultant, Bob Squier, bet a reporter
that her lead would be in double figures.

Terry's lead in the polls taken by Mason-Dixon has steadily eroded. In early
May, before Republicans had chosen their nominee, she led Allen by 29 points; in
mid-June, Allen had closed the gap to 18 points.

"The direction the polls are going probably captures the tightening of this race
as it is about to begin," said Robert Holsworth, a political science professor
at Virginia Commonwealth University.

Holsworth said the poll indicates that during the summer, Allen "managed to get
his name out there enough to capture the percentage that ought to go to
Republican nominees automatically. Now they are in the battle for the undecided
vote, and that is where Allen wanted to be."

For Terry, Holsworth said, the poll means that "it's going to be very difficult
for her to run like an incumbent," even though Democrats have swept the
statewide offices the last three elections. "She's going to have to find some
themes about change that are not visible right now."


For Voight, Crime Problem Hits Home

Knocking on voters' doors in McLean and Falls Church neighborhoods in her
campaign for the House of Delegates, Republican Marianne Voight was surprised
that many people expressed concern about crime. Even here, she wondered, among
all these nice suburban homes? But it seemed everybody had a story to tell.

Now she does too.

Two weeks ago, Voight returned home from a day of campaigning to find that a
burglar had kicked in her back door, broken a window and stolen a compact-disc
player, jewelry and family heirlooms.

If there was any doubt that crime would be a big issue for her this fall, it's
now gone. "It really is all around us," she said. "We think we're safe out here
in Northern Virginia and the city's a world away, but it really is here and a
part of our lives every day."

Voight, who is challenging Del. James M. Scott (D-Merrifield) in the 53rd House
District in the Nov. 2 election, estimated that she lost about $ 5,000 worth of
items from her house on Magarity Road in Pimmit Hills. She was particularly
disturbed about the theft of a locket that her great-great-grandmother brought
to this country when she emigrated from Norway, and a beaded purse that belonged
to 18th-century ancestors.

A police spokeswoman said there has been a string of burglaries in the area
recently.

Staff writer Peter Baker contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              488 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 6, 1991, Thursday

A defeat in victory for civil rights

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 18

LENGTH: 443 words


The bill to restore protections against job discrimination that were stripped
away by recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings has failed in the House with a
victory, and a lopsided victory at that, 273 to 158. It failed because President
Bush has made it clear he will keep playing politically to the nation's racial
divisions by vetoing the bill.

Wednesday's majority was 12 short of the two-thirds needed to override.
Supporters don't expect enough additional votes to develop.

So, although there is a strong majority in the House and will be in the Senate,
too, for repairing a series of disastrous 1989 Supreme Court rulings, Mr. Bush
continues to frustrate the process.

Instead, he misrepresents the legislation as a quota bill, even though it
expressly bars the use of quotas and empowers whites to sue if they feel quotas
have been used to their disadvantage. Yet Mr. Bush's weak alternative bill not
only can't prevail; it is losing ground. It won even a smaller minority of votes
this year than it did last.

Hopes for a fix now rest with a group of Republican moderates in the Senate who
are trying to craft a compromise that rights advocates can accept and Mr. Bush
won't veto. It is a daunting job. The bill passed by the House had been adjusted
repeatedly in hopes the president would sign on. His attitude hardly encourages
more compromise by rights supporters.

The GOP effort in the Senate notwithstanding, it looks very much as though Mr.
Bush would rather continue his racial divisiveness through the 1992 election
than bend to settle this matter.

For all the president's howling against it, the civil rights bill essentially
seeks only to restore rules that existed for a generation until the court undid
them. It also would extend the protections to women, the handicapped and
religious minorities. (It is one of the political puzzles of this issue that
women have never rallied for the gains they stand to make.)

The South's Democrats performed admirably in Wednesday's vote. Nearly all
Republicans balked, of course, but all of the members of the Democratic
majorities in Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama and Tennessee
supported the bill. Mississippi's four Democrats split evenly. Georgia's split
6-3; the disappointments were Buddy Darden, Doug Barnard and Ed Jenkins.

Mr. Bush has now forbidden a reasonable resolution of this matter for two years
running. He seems determined to make it three. Meanwhile, American workers must
continue bearing the newly heavy burdens of proof that the Supreme Court has
loaded on them in discrimination cases.

Politics first; the nation later.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              489 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 18, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Open Admission Gives Working Class a Chance

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 129 words



To the Editor:

By focusing on the top level of the three-tiered system at the City University
of New York, James Traub (Op-Ed, Feb. 14) misrepresents the bottom level. He
assumes that because community colleges are open to all and offer remedial
courses, they must have "very low academic standards." He depicts them as often
"vocational rather than academic."

Remediation does not preclude standards. Community college programs are academic
programs paralleling senior college programs. Community colleges are neither
remediation mills nor job training sites. Rather, they are legitimate
comprehensive institutions of higher education.

JOANNE REITANO
Brooklyn, Feb. 17, 1998

The writer is a professor of history at La Guardia Community College.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              490 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

Scam alert: Bogus calls misrepresent Roadrunner Food Bank

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 216 words


There are bogus telephone calls being made to residents in Hidalgo County and
Luna County by someone falsely claiming to work at Roadrunner Food Bank. Two
agencies in Hidalgo and Luna counties have also received these calls.

The caller is seeking personal information from local residents using the Food
Bank name specifically asking questions about food commodities we distribute.
Roadrunner Food Bank DOES NOT collect personal information from clients and
never asks for personal information from those seeking help with food. Please be
aware that agencies we work with that distribute our commodity food products
keep minimal information about clients they serve.

Roadrunner Food Bank does not solicits information from clients over the
telephone. Also, Roadrunner never solicits donations over the telephone.

If you believe you are receiving a bogus telephone call from someone claiming to
be from Roadrunner Food Bank, do not provide any personal information about
yourself, the agency you represent or the clients you distribute food to.

You can always call the Food Bank at (505) 247-2052 in Albuquerque or
(575)523-4390 in Las Cruces, or email info@rrfb.org .

Please report any bogus calls to the New Mexico Attorney General's Office at
(505)827-6000 in Santa Fe or (575) 526-2280 in Las Cruces.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 573  words


Affordable housing a win-win

Headlines often misrepresent the content of an article. "Can't zone our way to
affordability" (Feb. 14 column) is an example of a headline being more reliable
than the column.

The Volusia Home Builders Association rejects inclusionary zoning (mandatory
addition to a development of affordable units in exchange for money-saving
incentives) because of results it has witnessed in California and Maryland. Less
hyperbole and more research, please.

The Impact of Inclusionary Zoning on Development," a report by the Business and
Professional People for the Public Interest, cites many successes. It states
that "Montgomery County, Maryland, alone has produced over 11,500 affordable
units since 1973 and has generated $477.4 million of private sector investment
in affordable housing." California, the report says, produced more than 34,000
affordable units from just one-third of its 107 programs, up to 2004. The report
tabulates successes in several other states. Longmont, Colo., despite a
population of only 70,000 people, had reportedly produced 545 units, with 444
more units in the pipeline, as of 2004.

Fairly, the report allows that in some cases it is likely that modest
market-rate increases, reduced developer profit margins, or reduced land prices
are offsetting the cost of affordable units, with the most likely scenario being
a moderation in land prices over time. A community land trust can mitigate such
effects.

Inclusionary zoning is just one of several tools to encourage the construction
of housing affordable to vital service employees, such as teachers, first
responders and health-care workers. We "can't zone our way to affordability,"
but a workforce housing ordinance, crafted with input from employers, workers,
developers, nonprofits, planners, seniors, elected bodies, Realtors, landowners
and other affected parties, each willing to give a little to gain a lot, can be
a win- win for the entire region.

ED FLANAGAN

Ormond Beach

Objects to speaker

Re "Ex-Black Panther to speak: Talks about life in militant organization,"
article, Feb. 12:

Former Blank Panther Party member Flores Forbes was invited to speak at the
Howard Thurman Lecture Series at Stetson University. Jefferson Rogers, director
of the Thurman program, called Forbes' career "justified anger" and states that
he represents necessary heroism.

According to the article, Forbes was an 18-year member of the Black Panther
organization; "participated . . . in a failed plot to assassinate" a political
opponent of the organization's leader, Huey Newton; and was convicted of the
murder of another party member.

When a university with the stature of Stetson labels a murderer like Flores
Forbes a hero, it is no wonder that most people across the country feel that
"academia" has lost contact with reality.

JOSEPH DICKS

Ormond Beach

Mica votes party line

Re "House passes anti-surge resolution," article, Feb. 17:

Once again U.S. Rep. John Mica voted the Republican party line. At a time when
many courageous and conscientious Republicans in Congress voted yes on the
resolution to object to Bush's clearly ill-fated "surge" that will do nothing to
help us get out of this tragic mess in Iraq no less puts our troops in a
horrendous position, Mica once again gets his nose dirty.

Did anyone in Ormond Beach who voted for this man really know his record of
votes in Congress? Or did they, too, just vote the party line?

AMY DeMEO

Ormond Beach

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation


                              492 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           November 3, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BUSH: POMBO BILL HAS MORE PROTECTION FOR STATE'S COASTS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 489 words


The Oct. 27 editorial "Jeb picks the wrong ally" misrepresents my position. My
commitment to permanently protecting Florida's coastal waters and natural
resources from offshore development has not wavered. My position on oil drilling
long has been that we must protect our coastline from the potential
environmental and economic hazards of offshore drilling. In 2001, we were
successful in reducing the federal government's plans for new oil and gas lease
sales off Florida's coast by 75 percent, including the 800,000 acres commonly
known as the Stovepipe, that are within 100 miles of Pensacola's shores. In
2002, the federal government bought back nine of 11 leases within 25 miles of
Florida's coast for $115 million as part of a settlement with oil companies.

Florida faces new challenges and a new reality. First, in the wake of the recent
hurricanes, energy is in heightened demand. Second, our neighboring gulf states
support offshore drilling because of the revenue it generates. Third, the
Department of the Interior is required to develop a plan for 2007-12 to lease
parts of the Gulf of Mexico for drilling, including Lease Area 181. As a result,
Florida must take realistic steps to provide long-term protection for its
waters.

For the past couple of weeks, Florida officials have been working with U.S. Rep.
Richard Pombo, R-Calif., on the offshore development bill that was introduced
last week. The final version of his bill would provide long-term protection for
Florida's environment. Rep. Pombo's bill would place a moratorium over millions
of acres in the Eastern Planning Area through 2012. After 2012, the law would
allow the state to secure a permanent no-drilling buffer zone around Florida's
entire coast. It would provide long-term protection for waters in the Gulf of
Mexico within 100 miles of Florida's shores and expand the no-drilling ban to
areas that are not protected, including waters around the Florida Keys and along
the Eastern Seaboard as far north as the Georgia border.

It also would create a program to encourage companies with leases within 100
miles of the coast to swap those 62 existing leases for new leases more than 100
miles from the coast. Resolving these leases would prevent oil or gas drilling
near Florida's coast. Additionally, the bill would repeal a federal law
requiring Interior to develop an inventory of oil and gas reserves, the first
step to drilling. With this achieved, Florida can enjoy a lasting legacy of
permanent protection from offshore development far beyond 2007, and the need for
Florida to engage in new negotiations every few years would be unnecessary.

I have worked and will continue working diligently with the federal government
and Congress to ensure that any future actions consider Florida's economic and
environmental interests and provide the greatest protection to our state, our
people, our tourists and our marine resources.

JEB BUSH, governor

Tallahassee

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              493 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Valley Times (California)

                      March 2, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

TORLAKSON MAILER MISREPRESENTS LOGO;
LIVERMORE MAYOR CATHIE BROWN BACKS THE DEMOCRAT FOR STATE SENATOR, BUT HIS
CAMPAIGN DEVISES LETTERHEAD RESEMBLING CITY STATIONERY

BYLINE: Michael Pena

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: LIVERMORE


LIVERMORE Mayor Cathie Brown is disappointed that a letter endorsing a candidate
for the state Senate makes it appear as if it came from her nonpartisan office,
rather than from her.

The campaign committee to elect Assemblyman Tom Torlakson, D-Antioch, sent
29,000 letters to Livermore residents this week. They were printed on letterhead
that bears a "seal" designed to look as if it comes from the city of Livermore
and the mayor's office.

The emblem actually comes from a campaign consultant's office in Sacramento.
Michael Picker of Kaufman Campaign Consultants took the blame for the
misunderstanding and said there was miscommunication while the letter was being
put together.

"Unfortunately, we messed up," said Picker, whose company was hired by
Torlakson's campaign committee. "If we didn't abide by her (Brown's) wishes, we
have to extend our apologies."

Brown said Torlakson called Wednesday to apologize for the misunderstanding
after she contacted his campaign office to point out what she calls an
inappropriate connection of her office to her endorsement.

"I really do like Tom, and sometimes campaigns get carried away. Maybe that's
what happened in this case," Brown said. "I think the letter would've been fine
without the seal.'"

Torlakson hopes to unseat state Sen. Richard Rainey, R-Walnut Creek, who is
seeking re-election Tuesday. Rainey represents Senate District 7, which runs the
length of the East Bay hills from Livermore north to Hercules and east to
Discovery Bay.

The two face off in one of the most hotly contested legislative races. Political
newcomer Daryl Chilimidos is fighting for the Republican nomination, and Mark
Billings is the Natural Law candidate.

The state requires political candidate endorsements in print and on radio and
television to disclose their funding sources. Neither the Fair Political
Practices Commission nor the secretary of state's Political Reform Division sets
guidelines regulating the use of a public official's name or position in an
endorsement.

"We have regulations prohibiting mass mailing at public expense," said FPPC
spokeswoman Sigrid Bathen. "We don't regulate content of political advertising."

Brown, however, said she clearly explained to Torlakson's campaigners that her
mayoral title and office should be used strictly for identification. She said
the letter she reviewed a month ago did not have the letterhead.

The letter asks Livermore residents to join her in voting for Torlakson because
he supports "better schools, transportation improvements and smart growth
policies affecting the community."

Brown and Torlakson are working closely together on getting the next BART
extensions to Livermore and eastern Contra Costa County before one to San Jose
is funded. For that reason, Brown said she will continue to endorse her
colleague despite the misunderstanding.

"You can use my name, you can use my title. It cannot look like it was coming
from the Livermore City Council or the mayor's office," Brown recalled telling
Torlakson's campaigners. "I was very clear about that."

Brown said she did not see the final draft before the letter was mailed, and it
was unclear whether Torlakson had reviewed it. Torlakson could not be reached
for comment.

The letter did not raise any concerns in the Rainey camp. As long as a
disclosure assures taxpayers that they didn't pay for the stationery, political
candidate endorsements by public officials can come in many shapes and forms.

"Obviously, it's the old bandwagon tactic," said Bob Taylor, Rainey's campaign
spokesman. "It's a staple of all campaigns."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The emblem on the left was created by a campaign consultant
hired by state Assemblyman Tom Torlakson, D-Antioch, who is running to represent
state Senate District 7. It appears on the candidate's endorsement letter. The
emblem on the right appears on the official letterhead of Livermore's city
office stationery.

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             August 20, 2004 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Colo. folk-rock great Fogelberg diagnosed with prostate cancer

BYLINE: Ricardo Baca Denver Post Pop Music Critic

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 466 words


Dan Fogelberg, one of Colorado's most prominent folk-rock residents, has been
diagnosed with prostate cancer, according to wire service reports.

Fogelberg recently canceled a 16-city acoustic tour on the East Coast, but the
seriousness of his illness was in dispute Thursday. A message from the singer on
his website said, "The reports of my demise have been greatly exaggerated."

That statement followed an earlier comment from his mother, Margaret Fogelberg,
who told the Journal-Star in Peoria, Ill., where Fogelberg was born and raised:
"We're all very hopeful, but we're also a bit leery."

Further details on Fogelberg's condition were unavailable. His management
company refused to comment Thursday. Fogelberg's website offered a few
sentences, including: "The quotes attributed to my elderly mother not only
misrepresent the extent of my illness, but also the treatment involved."

Fogelberg turned 53 on Aug. 13. His heyday came between 1974's "Souvenirs" and
1981's "The Innocent Age," and he is responsible for an impressive string of
hits including "Leader of the Band," "Longer" and "Same Old Lang Syne."

He's recorded much of his recent work in his home studio near Pagosa Springs,
but in the early days he often recorded at Caribou Ranch, the famed destination
studio near Nederland in Boulder County. The product from those sessions
included 1977's "Nether Lands" - which made his reputation - 1980's "Phoenix"
and 1981's double-disc masterwork "The Innocent Age."

"He's an incredibly sensitive, creative artist," said Jim Guercio, who owned
Caribou Ranch and still works in Boulder. "Dan is very, very important because
he's a songwriter first, and he always listens to his own drummer. Our prayers
are with him, and we're hoping for nothing but the best."

After dropping out of the University of Illinois at Champaign, Fogelberg met
Irving Azoff, then a rising regional music businessman. The two had plans to
head to Los Angeles. Azoff left and gave Fogelberg $200 for the trip west.

But Fogelberg ran out of money in Estes Park, where he crashed for a week while
waiting for Azoff to wire him cash. It was enough time to sell him on Colorado.
Once he made it in the music business, he relocated here, eventually building a
home outside Pagosa Springs, where he spends most of his time.

"Living far away from the madness of Los Angeles has allowed me to focus on
what's real in life - so music is a joy, a legacy," he told The Denver Post in
2001.

Chuck Morris of Clear Channel Entertainment in Denver has known Fogelberg since
1974. "He's one of the greatest artists who has ever lived in this area," he
said. "His contributions to Colorado music and this area are staggering. And I
hope he gets well soon."

Pop music critic Ricardo Baca can be reached atrbaca@denverpost.com or
303-820-1394.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 14, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CIGARETTE MAKER ASSESSED DAMAGES IN SMOKER'S DEATH

BYLINE: By DONALD JANSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1649 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, June 13


A Federal jury today found a cigarette manufacturer, the Liggett Group, liable
in the lung-cancer death of a New Jersey woman.

The jury concluded that the company had failed to warn of the health risks of
smoking before warnings were required on cigarette packs in 1966. And it found
that in advertising before 1966, in such slogans as ''Just what the doctor
ordered,'' the company had misled the public by suggesting that smoking was
safe.

The jury awarded $400,000 in damages to Antonio Cipollone, the husband of the
woman, Rose Cipollone. That makes his suit the first of more than 300 such cases
since 1954 in which a tobacco company has lost even a single claim or paid a
penny in damages.

Pack and a Half a Day

But Liggett, which made the brands that Mrs. Cipollone smoked before 1966, and
the other defendants, Lorillard and Philip Morris, whose brands she smoked after
1966, were found not guilty of the charge that they had fraudulently
misrepresented the risks of smoking and had conspired to misrepresent facts.

In awarding damages to Mr. Cipollone, but not to his wife's estate, the jury
found that Mrs. Cipollone was mostly responsible for her death from lung cancer,
in 1984 at the age of 58. She had smoked a pack and a half of cigarettes a day
for 40 years.

Because of the limited scope of the judgment, the tobacco industry is unlikely
to experience significant new legal or business difficulties, industry analysts
said. [Page B4.] Five Days of Deliberations A lawyer for Liggett, Donald J.
Cohn, said the company would appeal, even though ''it was not a big loss.'' He
said the verdict showed sympathy for Mr. Cipollone, a retired cable splicer who
testified with great emotion on the sense of loss about his wife's death.

Mr. Cohn said the decision to award no damages to the estate demonstrated that
''the jury believed the smoker was well informed and responsible for what she
did.''

''Thank God it's over and we won a partial victory,'' Mr. Cipollone said.

''There's a crack in the dam now, and the force of the water behind it will
begin to push through,'' a lawyer for Mr. Cipollone, Alan M. Darnell, said after
the verdict had been read. The jury returned to Federal District Court here at 5
o'clock, after five days of deliberations.

''This is only the beginning,'' said the plaintiff's lead lawyer, Marc Z. Edell,
who, with Mr. Darnell, is representing plaintiffs in 6 of more than 100 pending
cases involving tobacco companies. ''We will proceed with additional cases
now.''

A lawyer for Lorillard and Philip Morris, Charles R. Wall, said:

''We're disappointed with the damage award. But we're very happy to win on the
two major issues of conspiracy and fraudulent misrepresentation. And I hardly
think an award of $400,000 is going to cause any rush to the courthouses with
new lawsuits.''

The six jurors left the courthouse after declining to comment.

Passed by Congress in '65

In addition to the fraud and conspiracy charges, Liggett faced the additional
failure-to-warn and warranty charges, because Mrs. Cipollone smoked just
Chesterfields and L & M's, Liggett brands, before 1966.

Congress passed the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act in 1965. It
required that beginning in 1966 each pack of cigarettes had to warn of potential
health hazards. Federal courts have held the warning was adequate.

The jury here found that Liggett should have warned consumers who smoked their
cigarettes before 1966 and that its failure to give warnings was a substantial
contributing factor in causing Mrs. Cipollone to smoke, and to contract lung
cancer and die.

Liggett was charged with guaranteeing, by express warranty, safety in
advertisements before 1966 by proclaiming that, for example, L & M's were ''Just
What the Doctor Ordered'' and that smokers should ''Play Safe -Smoke
Chesterfields.''

Assessing the Blame

The jurors, who included a smoker and two people who had stopped smoking, also
found that Mrs. Cipollone knew enough about the danger from reading and other
notifications to have ''unreasonably encountered a known danger'' by insisting
on smoking before 1966.

The jury assessed her 80 percent of the blame for her death and 20 percent to
Liggett. Under the law, she was not entitled to damages, unless the company had
been found to be at least 50 percent to blame.

In addition to compensatory damages, Mr. Cipollone had sought punitive damages.
None was awarded.

New Jersey law, under which the suit was brought, does not permit a plaintiff to
specify how much in damages the plaintiff is seeking. Mr. Edell said the
$400,000 was ''fair and just for Tony.''

Use of Confidential Documents

''But I was shocked,'' he added, ''that they didn't give an award to Rose on the
express warranty.''

Mr. Wall, the lawyer for two companies, said it was interesting that ''the
documents heralded by the plaintiff played a very small role'' in the case. He
alluded to 300 previously confidential documents the plaintiff obtained from the
files of the companies and their trade and research organizations.

Mr. Cipollone had contended throughout the four-month trial that the documents
demonstrated conspiracy and fraudulent misrepresentation of the safety of
smoking at times when the manufacturers knew that cigarettes caused cancer. The
industry has never conceded that smoking causes cancer.

The jury is the first to find that smoking, in this case Chesterfields and L &
M's before 1966, was a major cause of Mrs. Cipollone's death.

Another lawyer for Phillip Morris, Peter Bleakley, said: ''The plaintiff bar is
not likely to regard this verdict as encouraging, because they got only 10 to 15
percent of their costs in prosecuting their suit. It's a breakthrough only in
the sense that the industry had never lost a claim in a damage suit.''

Costs of the Case

The law firms representing Mr. Cipollone had taken his case on a contingency
basis, relying on damages the jury awarded as their fees. Mr. Edell said in an
interview that his firm, Budd Larner Gross Picillo Rosenbaum Greenberg & Sade of
Short Hills had spent $2 million in lawyers' time and expenses on the five-year
case. Mr. Darnell's firm is Wilentz, Goldman & Spitzer of Woodbridge.

Mr. Edell said it appeared that he had been unable to persuade the jury that
fraudulent misrepresentation and conspiracy were also substantial contributing
factors in causing Mrs. Cipollone's death.

''But it is the first case ever to win anything against a tobacco company,'' he
said. ''So we are heartened by that.''

Documents Made Public

The suit was filed by Mr. and Mrs. Cipollone in 1983, after Mrs. Cipollone had
lost a lung to cancer. When she died the next year, Mr. Cipollone pursued the
suit, he said, because his wife had made him promise he would.

In the years before the trial began last Feb. 1, Mr. Cipollone's lawyers
searched the files of the companies and their trade and research organizations
for evidence of misrepresentation on the safety of cigarettes. The search
produced hundreds of confidential memorandums, letters, strategy reports and
other documents never previously seen outside the corporate offices.

The lawyers presented the documents to the jury as evidence that the companies
knew as early as the 1940's that smoking was linked to cancer, while publicly
denying it. One letter, in 1946, from a Lorillard chemist to a company committee
showed company awareness that scientists were reporting such links.

The companies contended during the trial that there was still no reliable proof
that smoking causes cancer. But in 1961, a research report from Philip Morris
listed carcinogenic compounds found in cigarette smoke and said, ''Carcinogens
are found in practically every class of compounds in smoke.''

'Brilliantly Conceived'

Another confidential report, prepared for Liggett by a consultant, Arthur D.
Little Inc., said in 1961 that ''there are biologically active materials present
in cigarette tobacco'' that ''are a) cancer causing, b) cancer promoting, c)
poisonous, d) stimulating, pleasurable and flavorful.''

Also introduced in evidence was a confidential memorandum in 1972 by a vice
president of the Tobacco Institute, Frederick R. Panzer. The paper outlined the
''brilliantly conceived and executed'' 20-year strategy of countering assertions
that smoking produces cancer by ''creating doubt about the health charge without
actually denying it.''

The companies contended that the documents were taken out of context.

The jury heard a series of medical witnesses who disagreed on Mrs. Cipollone's
cancer. The defense experts said it was atypical carcinoid, a form they said was
not statistically associated with smoking. Mr. Cipollone's experts said it was
small-cell cancer caused by cigarette smoking. They said smoking produced both
types of cancer.

Choice as an Issue

A major issue was whether Mrs. Cipollone had been adequately warned of the
health hazard before the Congressional action in 1966 that cigarette packs carry
printed warnings. The defense contended that she had been frequently warned by
her husband and family and by her reading. Defense lawyers said in closing
arguments last month that she was intelligent, well informed, decisive and chose
to smoke because she liked it, despite full knowledge of the risks.

Mr. Edell cited Mrs. Cipollone's deposition, taken the year she died, as proof
that she had no free choice, because, after relying on advertisements that
warranted the cigarettes to be safe, she became addicted and could not quit. Mr.
Cipollone's lawyers called the director of the Addiction Research Center at the
National Institute on Drug Abuse, Dr. Jerome H. Jaffe, to the stand. He had
interviewed Mrs. Cipollone and testified that she had become ''heavily
dependent,'' even resuming smoking after surgeons had removed part of her lung.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Antonio Cipollone (AP)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              496 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday

Is breakfast overrated? No, it sustains your body

BYLINE: Michael Roizen, M.D., and Mehmet Oz, M.D.

SECTION: E; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 638 words


Question: I read recently that it doesn't matter if you have breakfast. This
contradicts everything I've heard for years. Can you sort this out for me? -
Carey J., Pierre, S.D.

Answer: We're glad you asked about the recent rash of stories headlined,
"Breakfast might not be the most important meal of the day," and "Benefits of
breakfast called into question."

They misrepresent the dual studies (from Alabama's University of Birmingham and
Bath University in England), but even accurately reported, they have some
serious holes in them.

The researchers were not evaluating overall health, mental acuity or mood - all
of which are affected by eating or not eating breakfast. They were interested
only in seeing if eating or skipping breakfast made any difference in short-term
weight loss, cholesterol levels or metabolic rates.

They never intended to knock breakfast off your plate (one of the researchers is
quoted in a press release as saying, "It is certainly true that people who
regularly eat breakfast tend to be slimmer and healthier").

They also looked at only 300 overweight and 33 normal-weight participants, and
didn't keep track of what people ate for breakfast or what they ate for the rest
of the day.

So here's our take: A healthy breakfast (no super-sweetened cereals, syrupy
pancakes or glazed doughnuts) is a smart choice to get the day started and to
sustain you throughout the morning.

Study after study shows that kids and adults who have a nutritious breakfast
have more energy, better mental focus, perform better at school or work and eat
more healthfully throughout the day.

So dish up 100 percent whole-grain cereal; on some days, include lean protein
from nonfat dairy, fish or skinless poultry; always have fresh fruit and a
couple of glasses of water - and coffee, if you enjoy it.

Question: I hear that my gut bacteria can affect what I feel like eating. So,
can I get them to stop sending me to the drive-through? Seriously. I need help
changing my diet. - Shirley U., Macon, Ga.

Answer: You heard right. The trillions of bacteria that inhabit your intestines
have powers of persuasion that can influence even the most strong-willed person.

Turns out some of those little fellows thrive on sugars, some on proteins,
others on fats and they each want you to serve up their favorite feast - all the
time.

To get your attention, they send out molecular signals that influence your
endocrine system (that's hormones) and your nervous system (brain, emotions,
even appetite and taste). And, if one "eat this, not that" message overwhelms
the others, that can change how you behave and how your body functions.

New research indicates that the bacteria's messages travel on a superhighway to
your brain (and body) through the vagus nerve, which links 100 million nerve
cells in your digestive tract with your brain.

The good news is that your balance of gut bacteria can change in 24 to 72 hours,
depending on what you consume.

We believe it's possible to help reverse obesity and fend off IBS and IBD, some
cancers, depression and food allergies by changing your gut biome with
prebiotics (food that the beneficial bacteria love - like garlic and leeks) and
probiotics (lactobacillus and others).

So, if you want to stop getting pushed around by your biome, here's our bacteria
bully defense strategy:

* Give up red meat (beef, pork, veal, lamb and processed meats), and reduce
animal protein to 3-6 ounces per day.

* Eat 100 percent whole grains, including wheat, rice, barley and quinoa; get
nine servings of fruits and vegetables per day.

* Take a smart mix of supplements: Too much of some (like choline) can throw
your biome out of whack.

* Take a daily probiotic supplement that contains a spore form of bacillus
coagulans GBI-30, 6086 or lactobacillus GG.

Be your best biome.

Email questions to youdocsdaily@sharecare.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 25, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

Letters

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X14

LENGTH: 1113 words


Grief Observed

I WAS ASTONISHED, even dumbfounded, by Barbara Lazear Ascher's inexplicably
willful and thoughtless attack on Douglas Hobbie's memoir of our daughter, Being
Brett (Daily Book World, Jan. 16). The ludicrous reservations she contrives to
find fault with this eloquent and heartfelt book, while ignoring the
extraordinary story it tells of a young woman facing the end of her life, make
Ascher sound like a rattled competitor desperately marking her territory. Ascher
is the grief expert, it appears, and she will tell a bereaved father what to
feel, and how to express it. I know the pain and labor that went into Being
Brett. It is an important book about profound concerns. Ascher should have
disqualified herself from the job of reviewing it. As it stands, readers should
not be misled by what she wrote.

D. HOLLY HOBBIE

Conway, MA.

File Under 'S'

IF LARS LIU had had the stamina to read my edition of The Solzhenitsyn Files
carefully, and sufficient knowledge of Russian to check it against the original,
he would not have had the chutzpah to misrepresent it so willfully. The
"abridgement" he refers to consists of my omission of certain lengthy texts by
Solzhenitsyn already available in English and of repetitions of propaganda
phrases in letters from "workers" solicited by the KGB. Contrary to Lih, each
and every omission is clearly indicated, and great care has been taken to see
that all arguments, however spurious, were represented in the final text.

The Solzhenitsyn Files is not presented as a "scholarly" work. It is
deliberately fashioned to make a nearly indigestible mass of jargon-laden Soviet
documents accessible to American readers for the sake of their intrinsic
interest. Common sense indicates that it is in the nature of such enterprises to
contain traps for the translators and compilers, and I would not claim
perfection for the finished product. However, Lih's allegations of "sloppy
translation," "reversals of meaning," "misattributions," and so on are
unforgivably sweeping, and I challenge him to substantiate them either in your
pages or by separate letter to me.

As for Lih's high-handed remarks about a "Yeltsin-leak," one would never know
from his self-righteousness that Lih himself is the co-editor of just such a
Yeltsin leak: Stalin's Letters to Molotov, 1925-1936, and that the translator of
Lih's book is the same person who supervised the translation of The Solzhenitsyn
Files. Lih should also understand that true scholars do not rely on
translations, however good, for their work, but possess enough knowledge of the
language to consult the original sources.

MICHAEL SCAMMELL

New York City

Lars T. Lih replies:

Michael Scammell's letter has left me scratching my head in puzzlement. Does he
really expect that bluster and personal abuse will cover up the serious editing
errors that I mentioned in my review? (I have provided the Post with a list
giving chapter and verse for all of my critical comments.) Does he think such
errors are acceptable if a work is directed at the general reader? Why does he
make the needless and easily refutable assertion that the only documents
excluded from The Solzhenitsyn Files are writings by Solzhenitsyn himself? Does
he really not know the difference between a document collection released by
decision of the authorities and a document collection resulting from independent
scholarly activity? As my review made abundantly clear, I think The Solzhenitsyn
Files is very much worth reading--so why did Scammell go out of his way to
damage his own reputation with this intemperate outburst?

Unusual Suspect

IN HIS INTERESTING review of the interesting novel Primary Colors, (Book World,
Jan. 28), Martin Walker comments on several possible authors for this anonymous
work. (The discussion of who wrote it is like similar discussions of the
post-Cival War novel Democracy, which exposed the venality of Gilded Age
politics and was written -- I believe -- by Henry Adams.)

I would like to suggest another candidate for authorship of Primary Colors: Gore
Vidal. When Clinton was elected Vidal commented to the general effect that
Clinton was a consummate politician unencumbered by any large body of principles
and so determined to achieve a successful presidency that he would sacrifice
anything necessary to achieve it. The thought that the author must necessarily
be a member of Clinton's inner and/or campaign circle because of the air of
authenticity is the same fallacy that suggested Shakespeare could not nave
written the plays (or even the poems) because he was not of the courtly and
formally educated class. A real artist is not only capable of good research but
also of transforming it to life.

Why don't you send someone to ask Vidal's opinion of this book? It does fit
beautifully into his American history series.

JOHN ROCHFORD

Washington

Arboreal Lament

IN THE BOOK WORLD of Jan. 7, 1996 Dennis Drabelle treats -- along with two other
books -- Charles Little's The Dying of the Trees. It is a serious fault that the
Post Book World carries an offhand and trivial review of a book of lasting
importance. Little's scholarly and well reasoned and also interesting book
deserves better. I have read the book; I had done so before coming upon this
review. I found the review not only inadequate, but a serious mishandling of a
big opportunity, a chance to let the reading public know about the appearance of
a study which should be read and understood and which will have a lasting
influence upon public opinion. The theme should not have been treated with
cavalier cynicism. Its chapter by chapter detailing of the ways in which our
forests are being decimated by seemingly separate biological events, seemingly
separate devastations of different kinds of trees in different places, has an
underlying cause which Little shows and which this reviewer failed to make
important. Charles Little -- makes plain in a way not done before for our
forests that our industrial development, however much it has seemed to make for
"progress," has had a disastrous effect upon our irreplaceable natural
resources, in this emphasis, our trees. The book is a scholarly presentation of
evidence and also a warning of the dire necessity to make a major change in our
ways of living.

ELIZABETH STEVENSON

Decatur, GA

Book World welcomes letters from its readers. Letters must be typed. They should
be signed and include the writer's address and daytime telephone number. Because
of space limitations, those selected for publication may be abridged. Address
letters to The Editor, Book World, The Washington Post, Washington, D.C. 20071.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              498 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 25, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

New York Struggles to Cope With Increase in Homeless Families

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30, Column 3; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 416 words



To the Editor:

Sid Davidoff is correct that problems have arisen as a result of the
concentration of homeless families in midtown Manhattan (letter, March 13), but
he misrepresents the policy and the actions of New York City.

We did not choose to create this situation - the number of homeless families
seeking our assistance has more than quadrupled in four years, and we used the
resources available to meet our moral commitment, and legal obligation, to
provide shelter to all who need it. There happened to be moderate-price hotels
in midtown with available space, which we used because we needed it.

The city is contesting the lawsuit because we believe we have a strong legal
basis to do so, and because we have no immediate alternative for housing these
families. Our search for hotel space in the other boroughs, however, continues.

We are also expanding the shelter system to improve services and decrease our
reliance on hotels. But acquiring or building shelters takes time, and we are
faced with opposition and lawsuits at every turn. The opening of a family
shelter in Staten Island has, for example, been delayed for months by lawsuits.

We are now beginning uniform land use review procedures to construct 15 new
family shelters, 3 in each borough, and we hope to have them open by the end of
next year. In the meantime, we do the best we can with the resources we have.

Mr. Davidoff says he knows of 1,800 vacant hotel rooms in the other boroughs. I
have asked him to provide me with this information. We will, of course, review
it. I fear, however, that he is referring to the same list he offered last
October - which was not very useful. Of the 62 ''hotels'' cited, the Human
Resources Administration was already using 16. As Mr. Davidoff knows, in October
the city began litigation against several facilities that were refusing
accommodation to homeless families referred by H.R.A. The rest of the list
consisted primarily of luxury hotels, hotels that prefer to rent rooms by the
hour or are otherwise unsuitable or not hotels at all.

Finally, Mr. Davidoff's suggestion that the Mayor ''order'' H.R.A. to relocate
homeless families now in Manhattan to hotels in the other boroughs is a little
like suggesting that Congress balance the Federal buget immediately - both
suggestions sound good, but neither takes reality into account.
  STELLA SCHINDLER
  Director, Mayor's Office for Homeless
  and S.R.O. Housing Services
  New York, April 7, 1987

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              499 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             March 29, 2015 Sunday
                             South Pinellas Edition

CLEAR SKIES FOR GA. SOLAR

BYLINE: JOSHUA GILLIN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; POLITIFACT: FLORIDA; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1118 words



HIGHLIGHT: An argument against changes for Florida solar misrepresents other
states' stories.


A group backed by the Koch brothers is arguing that a proposed constitutional
amendment that would change Florida solar energy regulations will lead the
Sunshine State down a dark path.

Americans For Prosperity Florida says a petition being circulated by solar
advocates Floridians for Solar Choice is the wrong move for the state, and will
result in higher costs and decreased competition.

The proposal needs nearly 700,000 signatures to get on the 2016 ballot, allowing
voters to decide on an amendment that would change current Florida law that says
customers can buy electricity only from a utility. If the amendment is approved,
customers could buy electricity from solar installers and not just utility
companies.

At a March 10 news conference, AFP members said the amendment was misguided.
They backed up their point of view by implying Georgia's solar policies are
"burdensome and expensive government mandates" that shouldn't be emulated, and
cited a Louisiana study that solar power would be very expensive to implement.

AFP Florida followed up the conference with a release that read, "In Georgia,
similar net metering policies have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in
solar becoming any more economically viable."

Is it true that energy regulations in Georgia - often cited as a leader in
implementing new solar policies - have made electric rates go up? Time to rate
the rates.

Electric move

It turns out we'll be taking a quick look at Louisiana, too, because that's the
state AFP meant to name when citing net metering. They apologized and said they
would correct the release, thanking PolitiFact for pointing out the error. We'll
be discussing both states for this check.

What is net metering, anyway? In simplest terms, it's the process of selling
self-generated electricity, such as the power produced by solar panels on your
house, back to a utility company for a credit. The proposed Florida amendment
doesn't really concern itself with that, but rather removes a roadblock to
buying power from someone other than a registered electric provider, such as
Duke Energy or Florida Power & Light. Right now, if a solar provider wants to
sell its power, it must sell it to one of these utilities.

Critics say being able to end this monopoly is key to expanding solar efforts in
Florida, which the Solar Energy Industries Associationranks 13th in solar
installations. Florida also is one of five states that specifically outlaw
buying solar power directly from a provider. The others are Kentucky, North
Carolina, Oklahoma and Georgia.

Although Georgia isn't trying to open the market the same way the Florida
amendment would, the Peach State is enjoying its own moment in the sunshine on
the subject of solar.

The state in 2008 offered homeowner tax credits to boost solar installations, a
program that expired in 2014. The Georgia Public Service Commission worked with
the state's largest utility, Georgia Power, to create the Georgia Power Advanced
Solar Initiative in 2012.

The utility created programs to let businesses and homeowners sell solar energy
to Georgia Power, as well as working out power-purchase agreements with big
solar developers. The plan has been called a success by advocates, the state's
PSC and electric providers, and plans for expanding the amount of solar power in
the state are in the works.

Georgia Power has said there has been no "upward pressure on consumer rates."
Spokesman John Kraft told PolitiFact Florida that from the beginning, part of
the initiative was that the company would be able to buy solar-generated
electricity at or below rates it would cost the company for traditional means,
such as electricity generated by burning fossil fuels or using nuclear power.
The program was voluntary from the beginning and not a state mandate.

"There isn't a regulation per se that says you have to do this amount," Kraft
said. "The PSC had been asking us for ways to do more solar."

So what about Louisiana? AFP Florida told us that's really the place that had
higher electric rates because of solar policies. They cited a 2015 study for the
Louisiana Public Service Commission, which was debating what to charge solar
power customers for electricity. The report focused on the state's 50 percent
tax credit for installing new solar panels and said those credits cost the state
at least $89 million.

The study became controversial because the study's author - consultant and
Louisiana State University energy studies professor David Dismukes - had written
favorably about the oil and gas industries before. Solar advocates called the
report biased for not focusing on the jobs the industry had created and
misrepresenting how the state's tax credits work.

Setting aside the controversy over the study, Louisiana customers outside of New
Orleans did get a base rate hike in 2014that cost the average ratepayer about 47
cents per month. But that increase was approved by the PSC in 2013 and was over
several issues, including the cost of maintaining an aging power grid. Electric
utility company Entergy did not specifically mention solar as an issue when
announcing the base rate change.

Last year, Louisiana voted to end its 50 percent tax credit for solar
installations in 2017. Gov. Bobby Jindal is considering cutting it sooner to
fill a $1.6 billion budget gap this year.

So although Louisiana did have a rate increase, we don't see evidence that it
was specifically related to a solar initiative.

Our ruling

Americans for Prosperity Florida said recent solar energy policies in Georgia
"have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more
economically viable."

The group admitted it meant to say Louisiana, which is having its own debate on
the issue. But the program in Georgia is thriving. Part of Georgia's
implementation plan was that using solar power wouldn't affect rates, and it
hasn't, Georgia's largest utility said. Louisiana has seen a rate increase, but
it doesn't seem to be specifically related to a solar initiative.

The statement is completely wrong. We rate it Pants on Fire.

Read more rulings at PolitiFact.com/florida.

* * *

The statement

Recent solar energy policies in Georgia "have resulted in rate hikes and did not
result in solar becoming any more economically viable."

Americans for Prosperity Florida, March 10 at a news release

- - -

The ruling: PANTS ON FIRE!

The group admitted it meant to say Louisiana, which did see a rate increase, but
it doesn't seem to be specifically related to a solar initiative. The Georgia
program is thriving. Part of the implementation plan was that using solar power
wouldn't affect rates, and it hasn't, Georgia's largest utility said. The
statement is completely wrong. We rate it Pants on Fire.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - iStockphoto.com PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 13, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PEOPLE

BYLINE: Compiled by Harry Levins Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 463 words

PEOPLE COLUMN


Not guilty, says IKE TURNER. He insists that his marriage to TINA TURNER wasn't
nearly as violent as she claims.  He makes his case in an hour-long interview on
"The Jerry Springer Show," to be shown today (10 a.m., KSD, Channel 5).  Ike
Turner admits to slapping his ex-wife, but he denies the kind of violent fights
she describes in her book "I, Tina." He says the movie version, "What's Love Got
to Do With It," also misrepresents him as a cad.  Move over, Oscar - HILLARY
RODHAM CLINTON goes before the cameras today to tape the season's opening show
of "Sesame Street." The episode will air in November.  The man Lyndon Johnson
described as "that fella with the Sta-Comb in his hair," former Defense
Secretary ROBERT S. McNAMARA, will publish his memoirs sometime in 1996.  Editor
Peter Osnos says, "It is his intention to make this a chronicle of the Vietnam
decision-making that really stands the test of time. The book will answer some
very difficult questions." McNamara himself says, "Policy-makers commenting on
their own actions consciously or unconsciously seek to justify them. I have not
done so in the past, and I do not propose to do so in my book." Did it hurt?
Deeply, says MARILYN QUAYLE. In her first public speech since leaving
Washington, she told a group last week in Indianapolis about her pain from the
years of criticism her husband, DAN QUAYLE, endured as vice president. She
blamed what she called a "hostile press." Why call RUSH LIMBAUGH when you can
speak up at your local school board meeting?  That's the message from HARRY
SMITH, host of "CBS This Morning." He says people who call radio talk shows to
complain should put their actions where their mouths are.  "If people went to
their local school-board meetings, they wouldn't be on the phone haranguing," he
said last week at East Tennessee State University in Johnson City.  Wendy's
founder, DAVE THOMAS, is rolling in dough, to say nothing of hamburgers. But he
thinks he might have done better. "The biggest mistake I made in my life is when
I dropped out of high school," he told 2,500 high school seniors in Columbus,
Ohio, last week. "We have 4,000 restaurants today - but if I had gotten my high
school diploma, we might have 8,000." Why does Vanity Fair reporter Zoe Heller
describe director ROBERT ALTMAN as "Wild Bill Hickock on holiday in Miami
Beach"? Because, she says, he asked her in the course of an interview: "Maybe we
could take a shower and see if that tattoo of yours rubs off when scrubbed." On
This Day On Sept. 13, 1922, the temperature hit 136.4 at El Azizia, Libya - the
highest reading ever recorded.  Today's Birthdays Actress Claudette Colbert 88
Singer Mel Torme 68 TV producer Fred Silverman 56 Actress Jacqueline Bisset 49
Actress Nell Carter 45

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
