



Download Request: Select Items: 501-997
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  14:33:29 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (misrepresent USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              501 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                               TUE SCENE Edition

Studies can't knock breakfast o its pedestal

BYLINE: Michael Roizen, M.D., and Mehmet Oz, M.D.

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 12B

LENGTH: 656 words


Q: I read recently that it doesn't matter if you have breakfast. This
contradicts everything I've heard for years. Can you sort this out for me? Carey
J., Pierre, S.D.

A: We're glad you asked about the recent rash of stories headlined, "Breakfast
might NOT be the most important meal of the day," and "Benefits of breakfast
called into question." Those headlines misrepresent the dual studies (from
Alabama's University of Birmingham and Bath University in England), but even
accurately reported, they still have some serious holes in them!

The researchers were not evaluating overall health, mental acuity or mood all of
which are affected by eating or not eating breakfast. They were interested only
in seeing if eating or skipping breakfast made any difference in short term
weight loss, cholesterol levels or metabolic rates. They NEVER intended to knock
breakfast off your plate (one of the researchers is quoted in a press release as
saying, "It is certainly true that people who regularly eat breakfast tend to be
slimmer and healthier"). They also looked at only 300 overweight and 33 normal
weight participants, and didn't keep track of exactly what people ate for
breakfast or what they ate for the rest of the day.

So here's our take: A healthy breakfast (no super sweetened cereals, syrupy
pancakes or glazed doughnuts!) is a smart choice to get the day started and to
sustain you throughout the morning. Study after study, including one by our
friends at Case Western Reserve, show that kids and adults who have a nutritious
breakfast have more energy, better mental focus, perform better at school or
work and eat more healthfully throughout the day. So dish up 100 percent whole
grain cereal; on some days, include lean protein from nonfat dairy, fish or
skinless poultry; always have fresh fruit and a couple of glasses of water and
coffee, if you enjoy it.

Q:I hear that my gut bacteria actually affect what I feel like eating. So, can I
get them to stop sending me to the drive through? Seriously. I need help
changing my diet. Shirley U., Macon, Ga.

A: You heard right! The trillions of bacteria that inhabit your intestines have
powers of persuasion that can influence even the most strong willed person!
Turns out some of those little fellas thrive on sugars, some on proteins, others
on fats, and they each want you to serve up their favorite feast all the time.
To get your attention, they send out molecular signals that influence your
endocrine system (that's hormones) and your nervous system (brain, emotions even
appetite and taste). And if one "eat this, not that" message overwhelms the
others, that can change how you behave and how your body functions.

New research indicates that the bacteria's messages travel on a superhighway to
your brain (and body) through the vagus nerve, which links 100 million nerve
cells in your digestive tract with your brain. The good news is that your
balance of gut bacteria can change in 24 to 72 hours, depending on what you
consume.

We believe it's possible to help reverse obesity and fend off IBS and IBD, some
cancers, depression and even food allergies by changing your gut biome with
prebiotics (food that the beneficial bacteria love like garlic and leeks) and
probiotics (lactobacillus and others). So, if you want to stop getting pushed
around by your biome, here's our bacteria bully defense strategy:

1. Give up red meat(beef, pork, veal, lamb and processed meats), and reduce
animal protein to 3 6 ounces a day.

2. Eat 100 percent whole grains, including wheat, rice, barley and quinoa; get
nine servings of fruits and veggies a day.

3. Take a smart mix of supplements:Too much of some (like choline) can throw
your biome out of whack.

4. Take a daily probiotic supplementthat contains a spore form of bacillus
coagulans GBI 30, 6086 or lactobacillus GG.

Be your best biome.

E mail your health and wellness questions to Dr. Oz and Dr. Roizen at
youdocsdaily@ sharecare.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

Masiello gets another shot with Jaspers

BYLINE: Howie Kussoy

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 513 words


ARLINGTON, Texas - Steve Masiello will get a second chance at Manhattan.

Masiello, who had been on leave from The Bronx school since March 26 following
the revelation that he had not graduated from the University of Kentucky, as was
listed on his résumé, will be placed on unpaid leave until he receives his
degree, but will then be allowed to return for his fourth season with the
Jaspers.

During Masiello's absence, associate head coach Matt Grady will serve as the
interim head coach.

"After an extensive review of the situation and extenuating circumstances, we
determined that Mr. Masiello executed poor judgment but did not intentionally
misrepresent himself in applying to the College," Brennan O'Donnell, president
of Manhattan College, said in a statement. "After participating in graduation
ceremonies at the University of Kentucky, he enrolled in summer courses with the
intention of completing his degree, but never followed through to make sure that
the degree was awarded.

"Our policy was always that the coach must have at least a four-year
undergraduate degree. We are confident that Mr. Masiello will be able to
complete his degree this summer and return soon thereafter to resume his
duties."

According to multiple sources familiar with the situation, Manhattan officials
had been split on whether to retain Masiello, with some administrators
sympathizing with his situation, while others believed the presentation of
inaccurate information was the only element to be considered. Multiple sources
said he is approximately 10 credits short of an undergraduate degree, involving
two online classes and an independent study course.

Masiello played as a walk-on at Kentucky from 1996-2000, and worked as an
assistant at Manhattan from 2001-05, before spending six seasons as an assistant
at Louisville.

"While we do not condone Mr. Masiello's mistake, we believe it was a genuine one
and that he deserves a path to reinstatement," O'Donnell wrote in a message to
the school.

Masiello's agreement of a five-year deal with South Florida, worth more than $1
million per season, only complicated the problem, coming less than a week after
the 36-year-old led Manhattan to its first NCAA Tournament appearance in a
decade and a near-upset of Louisville. South Florida withdrew its offer after
learning of the discrepancy on his résumé, only hours after a deal was struck.

Masiello has two years left on his original contract with Manhattan, though it
is unclear if the terms were restructured. A call to Masiello was not returned.

"I am extremely grateful and humbled by the opportunity to continue as the head
men's basketball coach at Manhattan College," Masiello said in the statement. "I
made a mistake that could have cost me my job at an institution I love. Details
matter. Manhattan College has shown me a great deal of compassion and trust
during this process, and I will do everything in my power to uphold that trust.

"I understand that I am very fortunate to have the chance to remain here at
Manhattan."

howard.kussoy@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STEVE MASIELLO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           September 29, 1972, Friday

SECTION: Page 31, Column 3

LENGTH: 83 words

Sen Buckley on Sept 28 endorses Sen Marchi for re-election; endorsement
surprises Buckley's opponent, D Master, SI realtor, who says Marchi '
misrepresents' people; Master and Conservative party challenged Marchi because
of his sponsorship of a bill providing for planned development of southern third
of SI by South Richmond Development Corp; Conservatives oppose any governmental
intervention in SI's land and housing boom; Buckley did not allude to land
development controversy in his endorsement

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              504 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 19, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

12 Charged in Minority Businesses Scheme

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B;  Page 2;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1020 words


Two brothers identified by prosecutors as Mafia members were accused yesterday
of illegally obtaining $5 million in asbestos-removal and construction contracts
from New York City and state agencies that were intended for minority-owned
companies.

The brothers, Joseph and Louis DiNapoli of Scarsdale, were arrested after an
indictment was unsealed in Manhattan charging them with creating three front
companies in a racketeering scheme that fraudulently obtained more than a dozen
contracts since 1987 for work in the schools, hospitals and subways.

The indictment by a state grand jury also accused 10 other people of conspiring
with the DiNapoli brothers to establish and run the companies and to
misrepresent the firms as being owned by a black man, a Hispanic man and a
woman. After being certified by state and city agencies as minority business
enterprises, the companies were eligible for contracts even if their bids were
as much as 10 percent higher than the lowest bid.

"This is one of largest cases ever developed of an organized crime group
stealing benefits that should have gone to minorities and women," Robert M.
Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney, said in announcing the indictment.

Programs intended to increase the number of contracts for companies owned by
women and minorities have been used by many levels of government nationwide for
two decades. But their efforts have been plagued by abuses, including
allegations that many companies benefiting from the programs are controlled by
white businessmen.

In 1984, the State Commission of Investigation called the state's program a
failure, and the Dinkins administration's efforts to steer more contracts to
women or minorities were marred by the use of companies that appeared to be
linked to white businessmen. Under the Dinkins administration, the city had a
goal of awarding 20 percent of the value of all contracts to companies owned by
black, Hispanic, Asian, and American Indian people and women.

In the latest case, Mr. Morgenthau emphasized that there was no evidence that
the companies did poor work, mainly the sealing or removal of asbestos.

At the news conference, William J. Bratton, the city's Police Commissioner,
said, "This is a vivid reminder how organized crime is literally into everything
in this town."

Investigators from the Manhattan District Attorney's office said that two
conspirators, whom they declined to identify, were overheard on a wiretap last
year complaining that Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani had changed city policies,
making it more difficult for minority-run companies to obtain contracts.

"They were actually griping about how tough Giuliani was going to make it for
them to continue getting contracts through these phony companies," an
investigator said.

The indictment also said the defendants cheated their employees, mainly
immigrants from Poland and El Salvador, of $1 million by not paying them the
wages required.

Joseph DiNapoli, 59, was described in the indictment as a capo, or captain, in
the Lucchese crime family, and Louis DiNapoli, 56, was listed as a soldier in
the Genovese family. Law-enforcement officials said members of different Mafia
families often cooperate and share profits.

In two cases, Joseph DiNapoli was indicted on May 3 on Federal charges of
insurance fraud, and he is awaiting sentencing on a Federal conviction for
loansharking.

Another brother, Vincent DiNapoli, was convicted of two Federal racketeering
charges in the 1980's and was then described by prosecutors as the construction
industry overseer for the Genovese family.

Joseph and Louis DiNapoli and the 10 co-defendants were each charged yesterday
with participating in a racketeering enterprise under the state's Organized
Crime Control Act. Each defendant faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted,
but lawyers said that it was unlikely that most of the defendants, who have no
criminal convictions, would receive the maximum sentence.

All of the defendants pleaded not guilty at hearings yesterday in State Supreme
Court in Manhattan. Louis DiNapoli was released on $2 million bail and the
others were released on bails of $50,000 or less.

The inquiry was started by Mr. Morgenthau's office two years ago as a spinoff
from a labor racketeering investigation concerning the owners of the De-Con
Mechanical Contractors Company in the Bronx. During the De-Con case,
investigators overheard on court-authorized telephone taps conversations about
the sham minority-owned companies, officials said.

Daniel Castleman, chief of Mr. Morgenthau's investigation division, said that
the scheme began in 1987 with the incorporation of the Asbestos Carting
Corporation at 315 Casanova Street in the South Bronx. Peter Velasquez, 40, of
New Rochelle, was falsely listed as the company's president and owner, the
indictment charged.

Working mainly as a subcontractor, Asbestos Carting got $3 million in city and
state projects.

According to the indictment, Asbestos Carting was so successful that the
DiNapoli brothers organized P & T Excavation Corporation and Precision Abatement
Corporation, both at 1821 Mahan Avenue in the South Bronx. The indictment said
that Marguerite Trombetta, 37, of the Bronx was installed as the false owner of
the P & T company and Sterling Crockett, 33, of Bayside, Queens, as the fake
head of the Precision Company.

Mr. Castleman said that the three companies filed fraudulent documents to obtain
certification as minority-run companies. The indictment charged that the false
filings were aided by two lawyers, Robert Fardella of Smithtown, L.I., and
Leonard Angelo of Yonkers, and an accountant, Martin Cohen, of Great Neck, L.I.

The asbestos containment and removal jobs included work at Bellevue Hospital
Center and Metropolitan Hospital Center in Manhattan and Goldwater Memorial and
Coler Memorial Hospitals on Roosevelt Island; the Brighton Beach subway line and
P.S. 165 in Manhattan, P.S. 169 in Queens and P.S. 61 and 102 in the Bronx. The
P & T company also was an excavation subcontractor at P.S. 30 in Manhattan and
at P.S. 95 in the Bronx.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              505 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 19, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

St. Bart's Rebuttal

SECTION: Section 8; Page 12, Column 4; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 280 words


To the Editor:

I read with dismay the account in your Dec. 12 edition of the removal of the
Zuniga sculpture from the gardens of St.  Bartholomew's. You quote the owner of
the sculpture, Edward Sindin, as saying, ''I removed it as a protest against the
church's decision to sell its land to put up an office tower.'' Not only are his
facts concerning the church's development plans in error (a very small portion
of the church's property will be leased, not sold), but Mr.  Sindin completely
misrepresents his position.

he fact is he removed the beautiful Zuniga sculpture only after repeated calls
from my office demanding that he do so during this past September. Mr. Sindin
should recall a letter from my executive assistant dated Nov. 1, 1980, in which
we reminded him of our original agreement to rotate our sculpture exhibits. The
Zuniga was here over two years. That can hardly be called rotation.

It is unfortunate that a work of art is being blemished in this unconscionable
manner and the goodwill of this church unfairly being put in question.  REV.
THOMAS D. BOWERS

Manhattan Mr. Bowers is rector of St. Bartholomew's Episcopal Church.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letters from readers should be addressed to The Real Estate Editor, The New York
Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036, and should be accompanied by
the writer's full name, address and telephone number.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              506 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              June 25, 2012 Monday

Don't Defund Planned Parenthood

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 352  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITORS:

State Rep. Daryl Metcalfe is not serving the people with his "Whole Woman's
Health Funding Priorities Act," which will defund the 42 Pennsylvania Planned
Parenthood Health centers, depriving low-income families of affordable,
non-abortion, gender-specific, health and life-saving services.

Metcalfe's bill is really serving the 300 politically active bishops who
misrepresent the views of 68 million U.S. Catholics, and claim it their
religious right to control women's bodies.

Harrisburg Diocese Bishop MacFadden explained it was about women having free sex
... without suffering the consequences, not about contraceptives. It was not
paying for their "sin" with a nine-month long, risky pregnancy and painful
delivery.

It also means that, without effective, affordable contraceptives, women will be
unable to space and limit the number of children they can best handle. Smaller,
planned families are healthier, wealthier, have better educated children who
grow into more productive citizens, rather than becoming social problems.

The 800 Planned Parenthood centers have for 96 years provided five million
low-income families with affordable sexual, reproductive health care and
education. Those preventive services include breast- and cervical-cancer
screening and STD, HIV and infertility screenings and treatment. Their
birth-control education and supplies program has averted an estimated 584,000
unintended pregnancies and 277,000 abortions annually, saving millions.

Only 3 to 5 percent of Planned Parenthood services are abortions - legal, early,
safe and funded by non-government donations. Yet, the bishops and their pro-life
centers, like pro-lifeBerks.com, call Planned Parenthood Centers "abortion
mills," among other violence-motivating, hate-mongering propaganda.

Contact your representatives and insist they say "no" to Rep. Daryl Metcalfe's
anti-women bill, deceptively called, "The Whole Woman's Health Funding
Priorities Act," and tell them to continue funding Planned Parenthood, the best
provider of affordable health services for middle- and low-income families.

Liliane Stern

Ephrata

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              May 18, 2010 Tuesday

'Bad' Law? No, A 'Great' Law

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE INTELL EDITORS:

Your editorial, "Bad Law" (Opinion, May 1), misrepresents Arizona's immigration
law, SB1070. A careful reading of the new law will reveal that it is not nearly
the draconian doctrine that you and others make it out to be.

For one thing, Arizona police officers are only allowed to ask for
identification from individuals whom they suspect to be in the United States
illegally, not simply who look as if they are foreign-born.

Granted, it is easy to spot a "foreign-looking" individual. Without reasonable
suspicion that the person is here illegally, however, the police are not
permitted to interrogate.

Secondly, the "papers" that aliens are required to carry are nothing more than
an alien registration card that is about the size of a driver's license.

Finally, the Arizona law did not make the failure of aliens to carry proper
identification a crime, it was already a crime - a federal one. That may come as
a surprise to many, considering the federal government's woeful record on
enforcing existing immigration laws, thus prompting Arizonans to take matters
into their own hands.

Accordingly, your editorial should have been titled: "Great Law."

Constantinos E. Scaros

Newmanstown

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              508 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             October 5, 2008 Sunday

'EXPRESS' REVISION

BYLINE: STEVE PERSALL, Times Film Critic

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 933 words



HIGHLIGHT: Two teammates say the film about Ernie Davis, the first
African-American Heisman winner, plays fast and loose with the facts.


Ernie Davis was only weeks from dying the last time Dick Easterly saw his
Heisman Trophy-winning teammate.

It was 1963 at Syracuse University's alumni football game, where teammates
celebrated the Orangemen's 1959 national championship by strapping on helmets
again. Davis was the team's juggernaut running back, later the first
African-American ever to win the Heisman Trophy.

Soon after being drafted No. 1 overall by the Cleveland Browns, Davis was
diagnosed with leukemia. He wore street clothes at the alumni game, serving as
an honorary coach.

Easterly, now 69 and living in Tampa, remembered Davis raring to play football
again.

"He looked great, standing on the sidelines smiling and laughing," Easterly
said. "He really thought that he was going to make it back."

Davis, 23, died the next month in a Cleveland hospital.

All these years later, Easterly still recalls his teammate not only for his
football prowess, but also for the warm, comical personality that made him an
all-star off the field. Qualities missing from Davis' portrayal in The Express,
opening Friday in theaters.

Davis' accomplishments and abbreviated life inspire the new movie, which
Easterly saw at an Orangemen reunion recently. He later joined me and teammate
Patrick Whelan, 71, of Safety Harbor, at a Tampa screening.

Both men believe Davis' story deserves telling, as they think teammates and
journalists have done well in books. Neither believes The Express captures his
personality, or accurately portrays his relationships with head coach Ben
Schwartzwalder and teammates. They claim key events on screen never occurred,
like the team being showered with garbage and racial epithets during a game at
West Virginia.

Truth is sometimes rearranged in screen biographies, when facts aren't dramatic
enough for the filmmaker's vision. Director Gary Fleder uses Davis' football
career to illustrate racial intolerance that Easterly and Whelan claim seldom
existed for him.

"What the director tried to accomplish is showing the conditions of those
times," Easterly said. "A lot of things in the movie didn't happen at that time
at Syracuse but did happen in the country.

"I see a lot of things that never were done to Ernie but maybe happened to
(Syracuse great) Jim Brown (in the 1950s). Hell, the movie's more about him than
Ernie. And they made Ben look like a racist, to me."

In The Express, Schwartzwalder (Dennis Quaid) is initially depicted as reluctant
to recruit Davis because he's "too old to butt heads with another Jim Brown,"
one of the first black athletes to openly defy American racism.

Later, Schwartzwalder chides Davis (Rob Brown) for chatting with a white
cheerleader. He overlooks bigoted actions toward Davis by a teammate (a
fabrication, according to Easterly and Whelan), and doesn't support racial
equality until Syracuse wins the Cotton Bowl and his black players - including
Davis, the game's MVP - are banned from the segregated awards dinner.

Brown portrays Davis as an intense, shy person moved to anger when
Schwartzwalder deflects any discriminatory acts. During the West Virginia
fracas, Davis snaps at his coach: "Maybe, just maybe, the rules down here are
your rules, too."

Easterly scoffs at that dramatic license: "He would never in a million years
talk to Ben Schwartzwalder like that," said Easterly, who played in the Canadian
Football League before becoming a financial planner. "Nor would Ben ever talk to
Ernie like that."

Whelan, a former Secret Service agent whose football career as a center was
plagued by injuries, agreed: "From the day that Ernie Davis came on campus, they
were like father and son."

The teammates also agreed that Brown's portrayal misses Davis' essence.

"You knew by looking at him that he would be a terrific player," Whelan said.
"More important than that was Ernie's demeanor, how he treated people.

"He was like a magnet to good things, always; polite, smart, a real personality.
Ernie knew everybody's name and went out of his way to say hello. He was a real
comedian, too."

Easterly and Whelan cited the 1960 Cotton Bowl victory over Texas in Dallas -
re-created in the movie - as the team's worst confrontation with racism.
Fleder's movie makes an on-field brawl nastier than they recall, altering the
team's reaction when Davis was informed by Cotton Bowl officials that he would
have to leave the dinner after accepting his MVP trophy.

"The whole team told them to stick it," Easterly said. "The movie shows us going
to some bar to celebrate. Actually we went to the Dallas Athletic Club."

There's another good story The Express overlooks.

"The Texas ballplayers came in and found out we could get anything we wanted so
they used our names," Easterly said. "We get back to Syracuse and we're told the
bar tab is $195. That's a fortune today.

"Turns out the Texas players weren't all that dumb; they were signing our names,
getting boxes of cigars and drinks."

Whelan and Easterly laugh at such anecdotes as if they happened yesterday. They
know that no movie could get everything in, or get it completely right. Memories
of Davis and a dream season for Syracuse are too fond to fade. Not even a
well-intended but misguided movie can change that.

"It's not important to people who weren't there," Easterly said. "But we're
sitting (at the Syracuse premiere) watching this thing, saying: 'Jeez, where did
they get that from?' "

Steve Persall can be reached at persall@sptimes.com or (727) 893-8365. Read his
blog, Reeling in the Years, at blogs.tampabay.com/movies.

Review

The Express

Times film critic Steve Persall's review of the movie will appear in Weekend on
Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ernie Davis, the first African-American to win the Heisman
Trophy, made the cover of the October 1960 issue of Boys' Life. PHOTO, DOUGLAS
R. CLIFFORD, Times: Patrick Whelan, 71, left, of Safety Harbor, and Dick
Easterly, 69, of Tampa, describe their teammate, Ernie Davis, as friendly and
funny, two characteristics that didn't come through in the movie. PHOTO,
Universal Studios: Two teammates say the movie misrepresents the relationship
between Ernie Davis, played in the movie by Rob Brown, and Syracuse coach Ben
Schwartzwalder, played by Dennis Quaid.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Is breakfast overrated? No way, it's underrated

LENGTH: 692 words


Q: I read recently that it doesn't matter if you have breakfast. This
contradicts everything I've heard for years. Can you sort this out for me?

- Carey J., Pierre, South Dakota

A: We're glad you asked about the recent rash of stories headlined, "Breakfast
might NOT be the most important meal of the day," and "Benefits of breakfast
called into question." Those headlines misrepresent the dual studies (from
Alabama's University of Birmingham and Bath University in England), but even
accurately reported, they still have some serious holes in them.

The researchers were not evaluating overall health, mental acuity or mood - all
of which are affected by eating or not eating breakfast. They were interested
only in seeing if eating or skipping breakfast made any difference in short-term
weight loss, cholesterol levels or metabolic rates. They NEVER intended to knock
breakfast off your plate (one of the researchers is quoted in a press release as
saying, "It is certainly true that people who regularly eat breakfast tend to be
slimmer and healthier"). They also looked at only 300 overweight and 33
normal-weight participants and didn't keep track of exactly what people ate for
breakfast or what they ate for the rest of the day.

So here's our take: A healthy breakfast (no super-sweetened cereals, syrupy
pancakes or glazed doughnuts) is a smart choice to get the day started and to
sustain you throughout the morning. Study after study, including one by our
friends at Case Western Reserve, show that kids and adults who have a nutritious
breakfast have more energy, better mental focus, perform better at school or
work and eat more healthfully throughout the day. So dish up 100 percent
whole-grain cereal; on some days, include lean protein from nonfat dairy, fish
or skinless poultry; always have fresh fruit and a couple of glasses of water.

Q: I hear that my gut bacteria actually affect what I feel like eating. So, can
I get them to stop sending me to the drive-thru? Seriously. I need help changing
my diet.

- Shirley U., Macon, Georgia

A: You heard right! The trillions of bacteria that inhabit your intestines have
powers of persuasion that can influence even the most strong-willed person!
Turns out some of those little fellas thrive on sugars, some on proteins, others
on fats, and they each want you to serve up their favorite feast - all the time.
To get your attention, they send out molecular signals that influence your
endocrine system (that's hormones) and your nervous system (brain, emotions,
even appetite and taste). And if one "eat this, not that" message overwhelms the
others, that can change how you behave and how your body functions.

New research indicates that the bacteria's messages travel on a superhighway to
your brain (and body) through the vagus nerve, which links 100 million nerve
cells in your digestive tract with your brain. The good news is that your
balance of gut bacteria can change in 24 to 72 hours, depending on what you
consume.

We believe it's possible to help reverse obesity and fend off IBS and IBD, some
cancers, depression and even food allergies by changing your gut biome with
prebiotics (food that the beneficial bacteria love - like garlic and leeks) and
probiotics (lactobacillus and others). So, if you want to stop getting pushed
around by your biome, here's our bacteria bully defense strategy:

1. Give up red meat (beef, pork, veal, lamb and processed meats), and reduce
animal protein to 3-6 ounces a day.

2. Eat 100 percent whole grains, including wheat, rice, barley and quinoa; get
nine servings of fruits and veggies a day.

3. Take a smart mix of supplements: Too much of some (like choline) can throw
your biome out of whack.

4. Take a daily probiotic supplement that contains a spore form of bacillus
coagulans GBI-30, 6086 or lactobacillus GG.

Be your best biome.

Mehmet Oz, M.D. is host of "The Dr. Oz Show," and Mike Roizen, M.D. is Chief
Wellness Officer and Chair of Wellness Institute at Cleveland Clinic. Email your
health and wellness questions to Dr. Oz and Dr. Roizen at
youdocsdaily@sharecare.com

© Michael Roizen, M.D. and Mehmet Oz, M.D.

Dist. by King Features Syndicate Inc.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              510 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 24, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

GM accuses Schoot of false car deals

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 680 words


General Motors officials have accused suspended Cincinnati Reds
owner Marge Schott of falsifying car sales in an "elaborate scheme"
to boost results at her troubled Chevrolet-GEO dealership, The
Cincinnati Enquirer reported.

Schott "simply fabricated 'purchasers' that never bought a vehicle,"
GM officials said in a document filed Dec. 4 with the Ohio Motor
Vehicle Dealers Board.

GM officials allege Schott falsified 57 retail sales last year
in reports to the car company to satisfy quotas that would allow
her to keep her franchise.

That would have violated their 1995 agreement and sets in motion
a procedure that could culminate as early as next month with Ohio
overturning the 1995 agreement and taking away Schott's franchise.


In the document, GM officials say they confronted Schott with
the results of their audit, and she "did not dispute or respond
to any of those findings."

According to the document, GM conducted a four-day audit and confronted
Schott's general manager, Mel Lehrner. The document says he "conceded"
the 57 sales were fabricated, and Lehrner and the comptroller
advised Schott not to misrepresent sales. But he said Schott told
them to do so. Lehrner then instructed all files be turned over
to GM.

Said Lehrner, now working at Terry Lee Chevrolet-GEO Inc.: "You
don't need me on this one. It's all been documented. I have no
comment. There might be a time when I have to."

Major League Baseball also seems interested in the GM case to
see whether Schott involved Reds' employees. Two sources told
The Enquirer some Reds' employees received notifications
from GM about purchases or leases of vehicles they didn't make.

Schott, who had two weeks to respond to GM's protest, has the
next move, probably after the holidays. Lawyers for GM and Schott
refused comment Monday. Messages to Schott were not returned.

DAD SENTENCED: Stephen Cito, an Albuquerque dentist, pleaded no
contest Monday to a charge of conspiring to commit aggravated
assault on several of his son's high school football opponents
with a razor-sharp helmet buckle. Cito, 48, immediately was sentenced
by state District Judge James Blackmer to 48 hours in jail, 400
hours of community service and a year's unsupervised probation.
His son, Mike Cito, a center at St. Pius X High, was expelled
after his helmet buckle was found to be honed so sharply that
several Albuquerque Academy players were slashed in a game Oct.
12.

RACE FOR LIFE: As a middle-distance runner who made two U.S. Olympic
teams and set national records indoors and out, Doug Padilla was
known for his finishing kick. "If I stayed with the leaders,
I knew I had a shot," Padilla says. He faces a different challenge
now, saving his right leg, broken in 15 places in June when he
was hit by a car while he was out for a run. "Here, it's a matter
of hanging on, but I don't know where the finish line is," says
Padilla, 40, who lives in Orem, Utah. He has had five operations
and is battling a staph infection, which has lingered mainly because
of 17 screws and two plates in the lower leg. Padilla has no medical
insurance for bills that his agent, Bob Wood, says are in excess
of $ 100,000. Nike has pledged at least $ 5,000 and New York's Millrose
Games at least $ 3,000. Donations can be sent to the Doug Padilla
Recovery Fund, c/o First Security Bank, 77 N. State St., Orem,
UT 84057.

DIAMOND NOTES: The Florida Marlins agreed to terms with reliever
Robb Nen on a four-year deal. He was 5-1 with 35 saves last season,
striking out 92 in 83 innings and compiling a 1.95 earned run
average. In Philadelphia, the Phillies and veteran shortstop Kevin
Stocker agreed to a one-year, $ 825,000 contract, avoiding salary
arbitration.

TODAY'S QUOTE: "There are going to be two teams that make the
playoffs that don't deserve it, and I wouldn't mind being one
of them."

-- Denver coach Dick Motta on the Nuggets' chances of making the
NBA playoffs.

Compiled by Oscar Dixon

Contributing: Geoff Hobson

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY; Schott: On the
hot seat again. Doug Padilla: Battling staph infection without medical
insurance.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              511 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                April 05, 2002, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Bush disavows group, tactics

BYLINE: STEVE BOUSQUET

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 782 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



A new group called Americans for Jeb Bush, headed by a Republican state
legislator, proclaims itself dedicated to re-electing Florida's governor. But
the governor calls it a scam and took extraordinary steps Thursday to put the
group out of business.

In what may be a first in Florida politics, Bush will even seek to register
three campaign slogans as trademarks, like Xerox, to stop unauthorized use of
his name. The governor sent an e-mail to 20,000 supporters statewide urging them
to avoid the group.

"We're going to do whatever we can to stop them," Bush said during a news
conference. "This may sound ridiculous, but I'm going to trademark my name, so I
can sue them. . . . It's just one of these scams that misrepresents my views and
attacks my opponent, and it's not my campaign. I've disavowed it completely."

Bush took dead aim at a group whose fund-raising pitches speculate on Democrat
Janet Reno's drinking habits and sexual orientation, and accuse her of going
easy on drug dealers while she was state attorney in Miami-Dade in the 1970s and
'80s. The letters were signed by the group's honorary chairman, state Rep. Gus
Barreiro of Miami Beach.

Bush sent a strongly worded letter to Barreiro calling on him to repudiate the
group. Barreiro refused but said he hopes to meet with Bush today.

"This organization was formed to deliver the strongest grass-roots organization
ever seen in Dade County, and through our state," Barreiro said. "His name is
not trademarked. Using his name in campaigns? I don't think you can stop that."

The group's existence and Bush's aggressive efforts to crush it underscore the
high stakes in a governor's race that has drawn national attention because its
central figures are the president's brother and the nation's first female
attorney general.

Although he consistently leads every poll, including one taken two weeks ago for
the St. Petersburg Times, Bush appears worried about a possible backlash against
such tactics by moderate voters, who can be decisive in a competitive race.

Ben Ginsberg, a Washington lawyer and outside counsel to the campaign, said he
would file trademark applications to protect three campaign slogans:
"Bush-Brogan 2002," "Jeb Bush for Governor" and "Jeb!"

Ginsberg is no stranger to Florida politics: He helped shape George W. Bush's
Florida legal strategy in the weeks after the 2000 presidential election, and
advises Florida Republicans on redistricting .

Thursday's filing was done to stop the unauthorized use of Bush's name under
federal trademark laws, known as the Lanham Act, Ginsberg said. The use of a
trademarked name for commercial purposes is "outside of First Amendment
protection," he said. A proper name cannot be registered, but a name's
commercial use can be restricted, Ginsberg said.

"These are gutter tactics of misuse of a name, as well as personal innuendo
against people who are running for office, essentially by people who are just
trying to make money off the governor's name," Ginsberg said.

Barreiro said he is not being paid. "This is not about money," he said. But he
said the first fund-raising letter, dated March 22, brought in $ 75,000 in less
than three weeks.

The results are so promising, Barreiro said, he hopes to use the fund-raising
base to help fellow Miami-Dade lawmaker, Republican Rep. Gaston Cantens, in his
campaign to be House speaker.

Americans for Jeb Bush, based in Miami, is backed partly by Mark Goodrich, a
conservative political activist and fund-raiser who worked on Rick Lazio's
unsuccessful 2000 U.S. Senate campaign against Hillary Rodham Clinton.

The group's Web site resembles a campaign operation, with a logo of the U.S.
flag, a portrait of the smiling Bush family, and a link to the official
Bush-Brogan site.

The group's fundraising letter was upfront about its main message: "Stop Janet
Reno and re-elect Jeb." Attached was a reprint of an article in Insight
magazine, which is affiliated with the Washington Times and owned by the Rev.
Sun Myung Moon's Unification Church. Also included: a photo of  former President
Bill Clinton and his dog with Reno's face superimposed on the dog's head.

Nothing in Florida law prevents such third-party groups from making expenditures
on a candidate's behalf, as long as they register as political action committees
and disclose contributions and expenses.

Bush's campaign sent a copy of the Barreiro letter to the Reno campaign.

"Janet Reno will not engage in personal attacks and she will not support
organizations that engage in personal, spiteful attacks," said Nicole Harburger,
a Reno campaign spokeswoman. "Will there be a healthy debate on the issues?
Yes."


LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (3); Jeb Bush (ran CITY & STATE, METRO & STATE); Janet Reno; Jeb
Bush (ran Tampa & State)

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              512 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   May 11, 2001 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

HIGHLY ANIMATED 'SPIKE & MIKE'S FESTIVAL OF ANIMATION' BLENDS HUMOR AND SOCIAL
COMMENT

BYLINE: BRUCE NEWMAN, Mercury News

SECTION: EYE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 639 words


It has been nearly a quarter-century of small, squiggly lines assembling
themselves into big ideas -- a hoochie-coochie dance of smudges and dots -- and
when "Spike & Mike's Festival of Animation" turns 25 next year, it will be a
case of form triumphing brilliantly over substance. This annual rite of spring
has been wending its way through the Bay Area; it arrives today at the Towne
Theater in San Jose, where it will remain in stop-motion until June 7.

Now might be an appropriate time for the festival to take stock and consider
renaming itself. Created as a way to promote short animated films in 1977 by
Craig (Spike) Decker and Mike Gribble, who died in 1994, the festival has been
instrumental in helping launch the careers of such animation heavyweights as
Pixar's John Lasseter ("Tin Toy") and Nick Park, whose Wallace & Gromit shorts
premiered at Spike & Mike's.

But the name, despite its undeniable cult appeal to people throughout the land
-- dozens and dozens of them, apparently -- who eagerly await every new jot and
tittle from Michael Dudok De Wit, misrepresents the impressive level of artistry
the festival sometimes achieves. By making its 16 short films sound like low-end
midnight movie 'toons, "Spike & Mike" underserves its audience. The addition of
"Spike & Mike's Sick and Twisted Festival of Animation" a decade ago only added
to the sense of a brand name that had decamped to the cultural margins.

Animation that rises to the level of high art risks a case of the bends, and
while this year's festival has the unmistakable ache of art, it shoots past the
surface while never getting above itself. The two funniest pieces take a look at
the pride and prejudice of place: Bruno Bozzetto's "Europe and Italy" sends up
the way Italians live (and drive) differently than everybody else.

"Metropopular," made by Pacific Data Images of Palo Alto and directed by Jonah
Hall, somehow summarizes in 6 1/2 minutes the big-city boastfulness of America's
top metropolises. San Francisco smugly tells Berkeley about its weather and
progressive politics, but when its sister city asks about "that little
earthquake problem," San Francisco begins trembling violently and whines, "Can't
they see I'm better now?"

There is not a moment of ponderousness in this collection, but there are two
heartbreaking evocations of loss. De Wit's Oscar-winning "Father and Daughter"
follows the longing of a young girl whose father has rowed away and left her
stranded on shore. She rides back to the spot where he left her again and again,
and we watch a lifetime pass in somber silhouette. Adam Elliot's "Brother" is
the dour retelling of his childhood as the son of a circus acrobat and brother
of a boy who suffers from asthma, has one lens of his glasses blacked out, and
nits on his head. It is funny and crushing.

Birds are alarmingly well represented in the festival and, best of all, by two
offerings from Bay Area filmmakers. The first of these is "The Pigeon and the
Onion Pie," directed by Stephen Holman and Josephine Huang of San Francisco --
key players in the U.S. stop-motion animation scene, to the extent that the
country actually has a stop-motion scene. The pigeon expresses his yearning to
fly in amusing doggerel rhyme, and the pie does what a pie can to make it
happen.

Funnier still is Pixar Animation's "For the Birds," directed by Ralph Eggleston,
which has the high-gloss sheen of what was undoubtedly the most generously
budgeted piece in the group. A flock of chubby churls is perched on a telephone
wire when a big, goofy-looking bird tries to join it. The birds laugh at him and
try to get rid of him. If there's a message here for young kids, you get the
feeling it's unintentional. But finally the worm turns. The good news is, it's
the audience that ends up having the last laugh.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SPIKE & MIKE'S CLASSIC FESTIVAL OF ANIMATION 2001
(star)(star)(star) 1: 2
A collection of 16 animated shorts
Rated: No MPAA rating (could be PG-13 for some intense images)
Running time: 1 hour, 30 minutes
When: where: Today through June 7, Towne Theater, 1433 the Alameda, San Jose,
(408) 287-1433

GRAPHIC: Photos (4);
PHOTO: 'For the Birds'
PHOTO: 'Father and Daughter'
PHOTO: 'Hello, Dolly'
PHOTO: "SPIKE & MIKE'S CLASSIC FESTIVAL OF ANIMATION"
In 6 1, 2 minutes, Jonah Hall's "Metropopular" deals with San Francisco
andBerkeley and their views of each other.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 20, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Indians Don't Dismiss Idea of Sovereignty

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 273 words



To the Editor:

In "Who Has Sovereignty Over Mother Earth?" (Op-Ed, Sept. 18), Tony Hillerman's
argument is based on false assumptions and conjecture. It is true that generally
among American Indian cultures there is nothing equivalent to the
Jewish-Christian belief than humans are to have "dominion" over creation. It is
equally the case that their notions of land tenure differed markedly from the
schemes of private ownership imported from Europe. It does not, however, follow
that "for the tribal traditionalists the sovereignty issue looks foolish."

Tribes had territories they considered exclusively theirs and ways of life they
saw as worthy of protection. Traditionalists didn't fight and die resisting
white encroachment because the sovereignty of their nations seemed foolish.

Mr. Hillerman also misrepresents history when he states that the citified
radicals of the American Indian Movement "tried to overthrow the traditional
tribal government" at Wounded Knee. This movement, though it began as an urban
one, was invited to the reservation by traditionalists opposed to the tribal
council of Dickie Wilson. That government had been put in place by the Bureau of
Indian Affairs only in 1934 pursuant to the Indian Reorganization Act and in
contravention of traditional modes of governance.

The only cultures that do not change are dead ones. Native cultures, no
different from others, evolve. Yet Mr. Hillerman seems to want to look back on
some romantic, "pure" past.

JACE WEAVER
New Haven, Sept. 18, 1997

The writer is an assistant professor of American and religious studies at Yale
University.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Wesley Bedrosian)

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              514 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 26, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Divestiture Is a Political, Not an Economic, Lever

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 3; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 457 words


To the Editor:

The significance of divestiture -i.e., selling the stocks of United States
companies that operate in South Africa - lies in its expression of broadly based
opposition to apartheid, and its effectiveness is primarily political. Much of
the debate over divestiture assumes (a) that the main effect of these actions is
economic, and (b) that economic change will bring about political change. Those
who oppose divestiture typically argue that economic growth will lead to the
dissolution of apartheid, and that a policy of inflicting economic damage will
slow down or undermine political liberalization. Proponents of divestiture
maintain that economic growth further entrenches apartheid, so that actions
aimed at undermining the economy will undermine the apartheid system.

Despite their opposite conclusions, both arguments view the relationship between
economic and political forces in South Africa within a similarly narrow
framework of economic determinism. This misrepresents the links between economic
and political forces in South Africa. Just as race discrimination and political
oppression are not simply a reflection of economic exploitation or the needs of
capitalism, so too the notion that they will be swept away by the logic of the
marketplace is naive.

Economic determinists neglect the long history of black resistance in South
Africa, in which economic forces have played an important role, but by no means
the only one. Political unrest in turn generates major economic repercussions,
as evidenced by the recent withdrawal of bank loans. More generally, the
relationship between economic and political forces in South Africa is a complex
interaction, rather than a one-way linear determinism.

The idea that divestiture operates primarily through economic mechanisms is
similarly misleading. Divestiture (as opposed to disinvestment) simply involves
a transfer of stock ownership, and as such its direct economic effects in South
Africa are minimal. Instead, divestiture contributes to the possibility of a
negotiated settlement of the crisis in South Africa.

Such a settlement would inevitably entail white South Africans' relinquishing a
sizable measure of their power and privilege. To the extent that white South
Africans believe that the United States will support them in the event of
full-scale civil war, the chances of their entering into such negotiations are
correspondingly small. American support for divestiture can contribute to
reducing violence and bloodshed by conveying to white South Africans the depth
and breadth of anti-apartheid sentiment in this country.GILLIAN HART Boston,
April 13, 1986 The writer, born and educated in South Africa, teaches economics
at Boston University.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              515 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 5, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

INCOME AND S.A.T. SCORES: 'POSITIVE NEWS'

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 406 words


To the Editor:


Alan Gartner's letter on Nov. 14 asserts that I have attributed a decline in
scholastic aptitude test scores to the increase in poor and minority students
taking the exams. The assertion misrepresents my position.

In the past three years, we have seen the following results of the S.A.T.'s in
New York State: In 1981, for the first time in many years, we had an increase
over the previous year in score averages for both verbal and mathematics tests.
We had another increase in the verbal test average in 1982. The verbal test
scores in 1983 then dropped significantly below the 1982 level.

During the past four years, the percentage of all students taking the S.A.T.
tests who were minority remained constant. No assertions as to changes in score
levels related to changes in percentage minority were or could have been made.

There are other facts about S.A.T. test scores that are important. Across the
nation, about 32 percent of all 12th-graders take the S.A.T.'s. In New York
State, 61 percent of 12th- graders take the S.A.T.'s. Despite the fact that the
percentage of New York State seniors taking the tests is almost twice the
national percentage, the average scores of New York State seniors, on both the
verbal and the mathematics tests, are about the same as the national averages.
That is positive news.

One point needs to be made about the income level of New York students taking
the S.A.T.'s, compared with that of S.A.T. takers throughout the nation. Back in
1975, average family income for the New York S.A.T taker was roughly equal to
the average family income of the S.A.T. taker nationwide. The average family
income for the New York student now is 11 percent below the national average.  I
have not cited that figure to assert an explanation of a decline (or an
increase) in scores. The fact is that throughout this nation there is a close
correlation between educational results and income level. We should take note
that New York students have continued to score at national average level even
with that overall decline in relative average family income.  Students of
low-income families must have extra opportunities for educational success. The
S.A.T. results show that they can succeed.  The statistics are important in that
they demonstrate the scope of current results and future obligations.

GORDON M. AMBACH Commissioner of Education Albany, Nov. 21, 1983

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              516 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            December 27, 2015 Sunday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 538 words


Fred Pickel a watchdog or a lapdog for LADWP?

Re "DWP's proposed water rate increases 'reasonable,' ratepayer advocate says"
(Dec. 11):

Los Angeles Department of Water and Power requested a 4.7 percent rate increase
and the watchdog (for ratepayers) wfinds it reasonable. This is based on DWP's
wish to replace infrastructure, so they claim.

The truth is they have pension obligations coming - not the ratepayers fault or
obligation. Instead of asking DWP to demonstrate the need for faulty
infrastructure, the ratepayer simply assesses that cost and rubber stamps it as
"reasonable."

This is shameless and a sham inflicted by a public (nonprofit) utility to
misrepresent the real need for the increase.

Is Fred Pickel a watchdog or a DWP lapdog? The truth will come out.

- Tom Wierzbicki, Van Nuys

Individuals don't equal a  well-regulated militia

Re "Second Amendment was written in a different time" (Letters, Dec. 16):

I applaud letter writer Morry Schorr's reading skill. Not many Supreme Court
justices can see the first half of the Second Amendment. That means that we must
change the court, not the amendment.

Local, county and state police and the National Guard would be examples of
well-regulated militias. Individuals acting as they see fit would not.

- Louis Richter, Reseda

Let Stan Kroenke move the Rams to Los Angeles

Re "Rams owner Kroenke open to second NFL team in Inglewood" (Dec. 2):

Here's how to break the deadlock between the St. Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers
and Oakland Raiders on who is to move here.

Let Stan Kroenke move his Rams here from St. Louis for two reasons. The Rams
have the most history of the three teams in Los Angeles. Secondly, Kroenke is
the most deserving of the owners.

On his own initiative and using his own money, he announced he was going to move
the Rams here. The Chargers and Raiders owners had been dithering about moving
to L.A. for years but did nothing positive until Kroenke made his announcement.

Had Kroenke not acted, it is likely the Chargers and Raiders would still be
playing L.A. off against their existing cities. As for the Chargers and Raiders,
let them flip a coin as to who gets to move in with the Rams. The losing team
takes the Rams' place in St. Louis. That city, a great sports booster, has
offered $400 million to help build a state-of-the-art stadium.

- Ralph Kottke, Glendale

Don't be so quick to toss expired food

We never seem to get it right. Who didn't hail the idea of placing expiration
and "best-if- used-by" dates on packaged food products?

The December issue of Consumer Reports informs readers that because of those
dates, Americans throw away lots of edible food.

A family of four wastes about $1,500 worth per year, according to the Department
of Agriculture. But most food, even milk, can be used for a period of time past
the printed expiration date, the article states.

Our wasteful behavior has negative consequences because food garbage in
landfills creates methane, which leaks into the atmosphere causing global
warming, according to Consumer Reports.

So, protecting ourselves against food poisoning leads to damaging ourselves due
to air pollution and melting ice caps. Who knew? Assuming you believe any of
this.

- Vince Nowell Sr., Simi Valley

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              May 10, 2010 Monday
                                  ROP Edition

People deserve safety and privacy in bathrooms

BYLINE:

KRIS MINEAU

SECTION: Editorial; pg. 4

LENGTH: 165 words


The April 28 editorial, "Transgender rights does not belong in budget bill,"
misrepresents our key concern about this measure that would open up all public
bathrooms, showers and locker rooms to anyone of either sex.

Both Maine and Vermont, with similar laws in effect, have ongoing lawsuits
regarding the access of grammar school bathrooms.

Implementation of a state-wide plan was put on hold in Maine after school
administrators raised serious concerns about the realities of allowing school
children to share bathroom and locker room space with members of the opposite
sex.

Not to mention the liberties some students or outsiders may take just to gain
access to these spaces.

Children and all people deserve safety, privacy and modesty in bathrooms -
especially school bathrooms.

Government owes that to its citizens and taxpayers.

This bill ensures that safety, privacy and modesty will be compromised.

It must be sent back for further study by the legislature.

Massachusetts Family

Institute

Woburn

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                              518 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 21, 2006 Tuesday

Lawmakers wasting breath on air polluters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 470 words


J

UST BEFORE OHIO'S LEGISLATURE ADJOURNED last summer, lobbyists tried to strip
state and local regulators of power to protect local communities from air
pollution.

The lobbyists - who wanted to sneak a change into an unrelated appropriation
bill - got caught, and their amendment was pulled. Now it's back- still as bad
as ever.

This time proponents of Senate Bill 265 are actually defending their idea, but
they misrepresent what it would do.

They claim, for instance, that they want state air pollution regulations to
conform to federal rules, and that doing so is "environmentally neutral." That's
false.

And they say their changes simply would "streamline" regulation that's sluggish
and applied inconsistently. What's not said, however, is that Ohio's
Environmental Protection Agency is in the middle of a major overhaul in response
to industry requests and complaints; businesses' concerns are already being
heard and accommodated.

John Paul has spent a career representing the Dayton region as director of its
air pollution control agency. He says bluntly, "Industry has betrayed us," and,
he's telling the truth.

Mr. Paul has been active nationally - as president of the national association
of local air pollution control officials - helping to negotiate changes that
advance the goals of the federal Clean Air Act, while at the same time
recognizing legitimate concerns of industry.

Industry won major concessions, including moving away from strict, nationwide
clean air standards that are enforced by federal regulators. Instead, the
federal government is setting minimum standards, giving state and local
officials authority to promote air quality and public health. State and local
protections are especially important for Ohio, where industrial facilities lead
the nation in air toxin releases.

Once industry got the feds to relax their rules on the theory that one size
doesn't fit all and that state and local regulators are best equipped to do the
job, business lobbyists rushed back to Columbus and started arguing to roll back
state and local regulation to the weakened federal standards. Companies need
uniformity and efficiency, they say.

Their power grab doesn't end there. The business lobby in Ohio also would set
back air quality progress by a decade or more, gutting, for example, one of the
most effective methods for reducing air pollution. Business advocates propose
doing away with a rule that requires owners to use the "best available
technology" to control new toxic emissions when industrial facilities are
significantly expanded or new ones are built. When this is required, it's done
on a case-by-case basis, so the permit process is tailored to each specific
project.

Senate Bill 265 is another sad example of lobbyists running amok in Ohio's
Statehouse. Responsible lawmakers will say no again.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: M. RYDER/LA TIMES SYNDICATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              519 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            July 21, 2004 Wednesday

Financial planners challenge SEC over broker rule

BYLINE: Kathleen Johnston Jarboe

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


The Financial Planning Association yesterday challenged a pending federal rule
that would create a lower fiduciary and disclosure standard for brokers
dispensing investment advice.

Association officials complained the proposed Securities and Exchange Commission
rule has become effective without finishing a formal approval process that began
in 1999. The association filed the legal challenge in federal appeals court in
Washington yesterday.

"What we fail to understand is why the SEC would propose a rule that allows
brokerage firms to misrepresent and actively market themselves to investors as
trusted advisers -- instead of disclosing their true role as sales agents," said
association President Elizabeth Jetton in a prepared statement.

An SEC spokesman declined to comment on the case.

The exemption known as the broker-dealer rule came about as brokerage houses
were changing the way they charged fees in the late 1990s. In addition to
commissions, many brokerages began charging fixed fees or fees based on the
amount of assets a client had in a brokerage account.

In their 1999 proposal, SEC staff said the changes were just a new way to charge
for traditional brokerage services. Without the proposal, the change also meant
brokers could be considered investment advisers, since clients would in effect
be paying for advice.

Investment advisors must disclose conflicts of interest and any disciplinary
actions against them. They also must pledge to act in the best interest of the
client. Under securities laws, brokers have not been held to such standards.

But the new fee structure meant clients might think they were paying for
unbiased advice, according to Financial Planning Association officials.

"It is a fairness issue for [financial planners]. If you're a consumer you
should be able to deal with one standard of conduct for people who offer
financial planning," said spokesman Tom Holloman.

A spokesman for the National Association of Securities Dealers, which represents
brokers, declined comment on the lawsuit.

The rule has not been adopted. But language in the rule allowed the
broker-dealer exemption to go into effect before adoption, even though more than
95 percent of those commenting on it opposed the measure, according to
association officials.

An Ellicott City financial planner joined those opposing the move.

"If you are going to allow some member investment advisors to compete on an
unequal playing field by creating two levels of disclosure, I suggest that you
tilt the rules a little in the direction of the 'small' firms and let the large
firms work a little harder to get the special status they and their Washington
lawyers require," wrote Kevin P. Condon of Baltimore-Washington Financial
Advisors Inc. in his 2000 comments.

Holloman said the group filed the suit in an effort to get the SEC to finally
move on the issue.

The organization wants "to try to get the SEC to act on a rule that has been
pending and from our view festering for the last nearly five years," Holloman
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Regulatory

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                              520 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   November 2, 1988, Wednesday, City Edition

Norelco is ordered to refrain from misrepresenting products

SECTION: NATIONAL; update; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; MORRIS TOWNSHIP, N.J.



WASHINGTON - The government ordered Norelco Co. on Tuesday not to
misrepresent appliances in advertising, saying Norelco falsely    advertised its
Clean Water Machine as a purifier when the device    actually was adding a
suspected cancer-causing chemical to tap water.

 The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) ruling upholds the finding of an
administrative law judge that Norelco had shown "blatant and utter    disregard"
for the law. The FTC action forbids misrepresentation of    any tests of any
Norelco products and requires substantiation to be    available for claims on
behalf of Norelco electric appliances.

 Violations of the order can result in fines of $ 10,000 a day.



 Nuns' protest is 4 weeks old

 MORRIS TOWNSHIP, N.J. - Five rebel nuns on Tuesday marked four weeks
barricaded in their Carmelite monastery's infirmary. "We're at the    same point
we were," Sister Marie, one of the nuns, said by telephone.

 The five nuns, who locked themselves in the infirmary Oct. 4 because    they
feared they were about to be evicted, have said they will not give    in to
liberalizations at the monastery such as sweets and television.

 The nuns are waiting for the Vatican to issue a verdict on the    controversy.



 Upgrade urged for Shoreham

 WASHINGTON - The Shoreham nuclear power plant on Long Island, N.Y.,    should
be granted a license to operate at 25 percent of power, the    staff of the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) recommended Tuesday.

 The conclusion was based on a safety evaluation that found "the risk    and
consequences" of accidents greatly reduced at 25 percent power,    compared with
full power. The matter now goes to a panel of the Atomic    Safety and Licensing
Board - an arm of the NRC - and then the full    commission. The $ 5.4-billion
nuclear reactor has had a 5 percent    testing license since 1985. Full-power
licensing became stalled over    the refusal by state and local governments to
participate in emergency    planning; they contend the area could not be safely
evacuated.



 Help sought on waste disposal

 WASHINGTON - The governors of Colorado, Idaho and New Mexico will meet    with
top aides to Energy Secretary John Herrington to find a way of    disposing of
radioactive wastes from weapons facilities, officials said    Tuesday. Waste
disposal and other problems have beset the department's    nuclear weapons
complex, forcing four facilities to partially close and    virtually halting the
production of atomic arms. The government is    looking for a way to dispose of
the wastes until it can open a planned    plant near Carlsbad, N.M. The problem
became more acute last month when    Gov. Cecil Andrus of Idaho turned away a
steel-lined boxcar loaded with    low-level radioactive waste.



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              521 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 4, 2012 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Target: Pavers plotted fraud Target: Pavers plotted fraud

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 803 words



HIGHLIGHT: Retailer accuses Texas-based contractor, other firms of rigging bids
for work on parking lots.


Target Corp. filed a federal racketeering lawsuit in Minneapolis Friday,
alleging that it has been systematically defrauded by a contractor it hired in
2009 to oversee about $100 million in repairs and maintenance on its parking
lots around the country.

The company alleges that LCH Pavement Consultants of Pearland, Texas, conspired
with paving contractors in California, Wisconsin, Texas and Illinois to inflate
prices, rig bids, fix prices, misrepresent work being done and distribute
kickbacks.

It's unclear from the lawsuit how much Target claims it was damaged, though it
appears to be in the millions of dollars. The company is seeking triple damages,
with the precise amount to be proven at trial.

Target declined to provide an estimate of the damages and would not say whether
it has reported the alleged fraud to law enforcement. It issued the following
statement in response to those questions:

"Accountability is the foundation of how Target does business, and we expect
honesty from our vendor partners. Several paving vendors breached this trust by
misrepresenting the services they performed on behalf of Target. ... Target is
pursuing civil action to recoup the amount paid for services that were not
performed, or performed in-part."

Only one of the companies named in the suit, Rose Paving Co. of Bridgeview,
Ill., responded Friday to requests for comment. The company would only say it
had not yet been served.

In addition to LCH and Rose Paving, the other defendants include one of LCH's
owners, Leslie J. Bailey, 51, of Friendswood, Texas, and LCH general manager
Keith Heutzenroeder, 49, of Fruta, Colo.

Also named as defendants are United Paving Co., a division of Superior Paving
Inc., of La Mirada, Calif., and its president, Sabas Trujillo; American Pavement
Solutions Inc. of Green Bay, Wis., and its president, Timothy Helstad, 54, of
Green Bay; and Asphalt Maintenance Inc. of Pearland, Texas, and its president,
James E. Stinson, of Alvin, Texas.

According to the suit, Target has hired consultants for years to oversee the
maintenance and repair of the parking lots at its 1,700 stores. Until last year,
these contractors solicited bids from paving companies and ensured that the work
was done properly.

LCH was hired in 2009 to oversee asphalt work through most of the United States
except the Upper Midwest. Target alleges that Bailey, Heutzenroeder and perhaps
others concocted a scheme to defraud the company that involved the "knowing
participation" of the other defendants, and perhaps others.

As part of the scheme, Target says, LCH would overstate the type and quantity of
work that needed to be done.

The suit alleges that LCH organized the participating paving companies in a
scheme to divvy up the work on a territorial basis. LCH did this by denying some
contractors a chance to bid, by getting some contractors to submit bids they
knew were too high, and by fraudulently inflating legitimate, lower bids when it
filed reports with Target, the suit says.

It says the defendant paving companies collaborated with one another by not
submitting bids that would compete with another and reflect actual market
pricing. Rather than overseeing the work, the suit says, LCH let the paving
companies themselves, or a subcontractor, do the job and certify completion.

"In many cases, the most costly work in the contracts -- the removal and
replacement of asphalt all the way down to the subgrade -- was either not
performed at all or was performed in amounts far less than those called for in
the contract.

"This fraud was concealed by applying a surface overlay of asphalt, which
provided the outward appearance of completely new pavement," the suit says.

Target says it paid LCH and the contractors hundreds of thousands of dollars for
work that was never performed. In return, the suit says, LCH demanded and
received kickbacks.

In June 2011, Target changed the way it allocated funds for such paving
projects.

It conducted a "sourcing event" in Minneapolis and asked contractors to prepare
"archetype prices," or unit prices, for certain kinds of tasks. Then it assigned
contracts on a geographic basis, which had the effect of disrupting the alleged
bid-rigging scheme, the suit says. Even so, the defendants continued to short
Target on the work that was billed, the suit says.

The suit provides examples of allegedly fraudulent billings in Cypress, Calif.;
Billings, Mont.; Peoria, Ariz.; Skyline, Va., Neshaminy, Pa.; Monroeville, Pa.;
Hurst, Texas; Irving, Texas; Augusta, Ga.; Cicero, Ill.; Lake Zurich, Ill., and
Henrietta, N.Y.

Target alleges that the defendants violated the Racketeering Influenced and
Corrupt Organizations Act, that LCH breached its contract, that the paving
companies breached their contracts, and that all of the defendants defrauded the
company.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                  May 30, 2011

Oregon's Attorney General Aims His Sights on Charities' Spending

BYLINE: Suzanne Perry

SECTION: TAX WATCH; Government

LENGTH: 1426  words

DATELINE: Portland, Ore.

ABSTRACT

A former federal prosecutor takes an aggressive approach to protecting donors
from organizations that violate the public trust.

FULL TEXT

As a federal prosecutor in New York, John Kroger helped put Mafia thugs from the
city's toughest neighborhoods behind bars.

Now settled amid pine trees and mountains on the other side of the country, he
no longer faces violent criminals in big-city courtrooms. But as Oregon's
attorney general, he regularly squares off against groups that he considers
public threats of a different sort-charities that misrepresent themselves to
donors or divert most of their donations to their executives or professional
fund raisers. Since he took office in 2009, Mr. Kroger, an ex-Marine, has
charged a string of veterans nonprofits and fund-raising companies with
fraudulent activities.

He started publishing an annual list of "Oregon's 20 Worst Charities," naming
groups that spend small percentages ofthe money they raise on charity.

And he attracted nationwide attention for pushing a bill, the first of its kind
in the country, that would disqualify such high-overhead groups from getting
gifts that are eligible for state tax deductions (The Chronicle, May 5).

A Violation of Trust

Mr. Kroger, 45, who has won both fans and enemies in Oregon for his
hard-charging style, is hoping his efforts will influence regulators beyond
Oregon's borders.

"The question of whether we're going to continue to provide a tax subsidy to all
nonprofits regardless of performance is a serious national question," he says in
his Portland office, where he is dressed in jeans for comfort following a couple
of days of suited-up meetings with state legislators in Salem.

That issue may seem tame compared with some Mr. Kroger tackled earlier in his
career, when, for example, he was part of the legal team that helped to
prosecute Enron Corporation executives for fraud and other crimes. But he says
he finds bad behavior by charities particularly galling.

"When a business is ripping off a consumer, that's a bad thing and we want to
stop that," he says. "There's something particularly bad about it if you're
doing it under the guise of running a charity. If there's something about this
that made us want to focus a little more on it, it's that violation of trust
that seems particularly serious."

Experienced Prosecutor

Mr. Kroger had his first brush with the law in high school in Houston, when he
got caught stealing hub caps. His father kicked him out of the house, so he
enlisted in the Marine Corps, serving for three years in California and Panama,
on a submarine, and on an assault carrier. He did not see active duty but served
in an elite intelligence and special operations unit.

He studied philosophy at Yale and got a law degree from Harvard. His career has
included stints as deputy policy director of Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential
campaign, clerk for a federal appellate judge, and assistant U.S. attorney in
Brooklyn from 1997 to 2003.

He was drawn to Oregon after taking a two-month cross-country bicycle trip in
2000, an adventure he describes in a highly readable book that was published in
2008, Convictions: A Prosecutor's Battles Against Mafia Killers, Drug Kingpins,
and Enron Thieves.

The book recounts some of his successes as a federal prosecutor, but it also
describes the "moral stress" that comes with a job that sometimes involves
threatening witnesses with prison or exerting pressure on defendants by going
after their spouses. "By 2003 I had become a very good prosecutor," he writes.
"I had also concluded, to my deep regret, that sometimes it is impossible to be
both a great prosecutor and a good human being."

A Model for Other States

Mr. Kroger, who was a law professor at Lewis & Clark College, in Portland, for
five years, ran for attorney general in 2008 when his predecessor decided not to
seek a fourth term. He says in his book he was eager to go after "crooked
mortgage brokers, scam artists, and identity thieves," along with drug cartels
and polluters.

The new attorney general inherited a charity-regulation office that is
considered one of best in the country.

"When other states seek to improve their charitable-sector activities, I
recommend that they look to Oregon as a model," says Bob Carlson, a Missouri
assistant attorney general who is president of the National Association of State
Charity Officials. "Oregon consistently brings actions in all areas an [attorney
general] is responsible for and maintains a great registration system."

Soon after taking office, Mr. Kroger met with Elizabeth Grant, head of the
19-member charitable-activities section, which supervises more than 16,000
registered charities, along with charitable-gaming activities. She joined the
attorney general's office in 2003, leaving a job at the Federal Trade
Commission, where she had worked to combat telemarketing fraud.

Among the goals the two regulators set, according to Mr. Kroger: "to try to
tackle this problem of charities that are raising a lot of money, but very
little of it is going to charitable purpose."

Ms. Grant's office tried in 2007 to sell the Legislature on the idea of denying
state tax deductions to groups with extremely high administrative and
fund-raising costs.

But some nonprofit representatives thought the text left too much discretion to
the attorney general's office to determine which groups would be penalized. Ms.
Grant worked with them to fine tune the legislation, but in the end, she says,
time ran out.

Still in Negotiation

This year's version of the bill, SB 40, outlines specific criteria that trigger
the tax penalty: Gifts would not be deductible if they go to groups with revenue
of at least $200,000 that spend less than 30 percent on programs on average over
three years, as they report on their federal tax returns. The legislation also
allows for various exceptions-for example, if a group is less than four years
old or is raising money for a capital campaign.

It is designed to pass muster with the U.S. Supreme Court, which has ruled that
states cannot bar groups from operating or require them to provide donors with
information about their fund-raising costs simply because they spend a small
percentage on programs.

The text won critical support from the Nonprofit Association of Oregon, a
coalition of charities, and it sailed through the state Senate in April on a
28-2 vote.

However, it may face a tougher road in the House, which is evenly divided
between Republicans and Democrats, leaving every committee with two co-chairs.
Vicki Berger, the Republican co-chair of the House Revenue Committee, which is
in charge of the legislation, does not like the text.

"This kind of effort sends a mixed signal to the public: we're cleaning up these
scurrilous nonprofits that are out there hunting you," says Ms. Berger, who has
considerable experience raising money for charities, for example, as a former
president of a YMCA board. "All the public hears is: All nonprofits are
untrustworthy."

Focus on Veterans Groups

Echoing critics from elsewhere in the country, Ms. Berger says the attorney
general has broad powers to prosecute charities that are breaking the law, and
he should accomplish his goals that way. She says even holding a hearing on the
bill could create too much negative publicity.

"We're optimistic we'll ultimately be able to resolve her concerns," says Tony
Green, Mr. Kroger's spokesman. "There is no legitimate charity in Oregon that
would be negatively affected by this bill."

Indeed, Mr. Kroger's office has also stepped up its court activity against
allegedly fraudulent nonprofits and fund-raising groups, especially those that
say they are helping veterans. (See article on Page 15.)

Mr. Kroger says his office is scrutinizing those nonprofits because so many fall
into the category of "sham charities" that spend little on their programs,
appealing to people's patriotism to get donations.

But Mr. Kroger and Ms. Grant say proving that a charity has fraudulently
misrepresented its purpose is difficult: Many donors don't know enough to
complain, and if they do, the statements that telemarketers for nonprofits make
over the phone are hard to document.

"The reality is the overwhelming majority of nonprofits are doing good work and
they're being honest with their donors and they're financially run well," Mr.
Kroger says. "I don't feel like we're facing this giant wave of illegality and
we're overwhelmed."

But, he says, "the big question is, at a time when tax dollars are short, how
much are we going to subsidize nonprofits and why and which ones?"

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "Whether we're going to continue to provide a tax subsidy for all
nonprofits regardless of performance is a serious national question," says John
Kroger.
Patrolling Oregon's Charities 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Breakfast remains underrated

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. B,6,999

LENGTH: 677 words


Q. I read recently that it doesn't matter if you have breakfast. This
contradicts everything I've heard for years. Can you sort this out for me? --
Carey J., Pierre, South Dakota

A. We're glad you asked about the recent rash of stories headlined, "Breakfast
might NOT be the most important meal of the day," and "Benefits of breakfast
called into question." Those headlines misrepresent the dual studies (from
Alabama's University of Birmingham and Bath University in England), but even
accurately reported, they still have some serious holes in them.

The researchers were not evaluating overall health, mental acuity or mood -- all
of which are affected by eating or not eating breakfast. They were interested
only in seeing if eating or skipping breakfast made any difference in short-term
weight loss, cholesterol levels or metabolic rates. They NEVER intended to knock
breakfast off your plate (one of the researchers is quoted in a press release as
saying, "It is certainly true that people who regularly eat breakfast tend to be
slimmer and healthier"). They also looked at only 300 overweight and 33
normal-weight participants, and didn't keep track of exactly what people ate for
breakfast or what they ate for the rest of the day.

So here's our take: A healthy breakfast (no super-sweetened cereals, syrupy
pancakes or glazed doughnuts!) is a smart choice to get the day started and to
sustain you throughout the morning. Study after study, including one by our
friends at Case Western Reserve, show that kids and adults who have a nutritious
breakfast have more energy, better mental focus, perform better at school or
work and eat more healthfully throughout the day. So dish up 100 percent
whole-grain cereal; on some days, include lean protein from nonfat dairy, fish
or skinless poultry; always have fresh fruit and a couple of glasses of water --
and coffee, if you enjoy it.

Q. I hear that my gut bacteria actually affect what I feel like eating. So, can
I get them to stop sending me to the drive-thru? Seriously. I need help changing
my diet. -- Shirley U., Macon, Georgia

A. You heard right. The trillions of bacteria that inhabit your intestines have
powers of persuasion that can influence even the most strong-willed person.
Turns out some of those little fellas thrive on sugars, some on proteins, others
on fats, and they each want you to serve up their favorite feast -- all the
time. To get your attention, they send out molecular signals that influence your
endocrine system (that's hormones) and your nervous system (brain, emotions,
even appetite and taste). And if one "eat this, not that" message overwhelms the
others, that can change how you behave and how your body functions.

New research indicates that the bacteria's messages travel on a superhighway to
your brain (and body) through the vagus nerve, which links 100 million nerve
cells in your digestive tract with your brain. The good news is that your
balance of gut bacteria can change in 24 to 72 hours, depending on what you
consume.

We believe it's possible to help reverse obesity and fend off IBS and IBD, some
cancers, depression and even food allergies by changing your gut biome with
prebiotics (food that the beneficial bacteria love -- like garlic and leeks) and
probiotics (lactobacillus and others). So, if you want to stop getting pushed
around by your biome, here's our bacteria bully defense strategy:

1. Give up red meat (beef, pork, veal, lamb and processed meats), and reduce
animal protein to 3-6 ounces a day.

2. Eat 100 percent whole grains, including wheat, rice, barley and quinoa; get
nine servings of fruits and veggies a day.

3. Take a smart mix of supplements: Too much of some (like choline) can throw
your biome out of whack.

4. Take a daily probiotic supplement that contains a spore form of bacillus
coagulans GBI-30, 6086 or lactobacillus GG.

Be your best biome.

Dr. Mehmet Oz is host of "The Dr. Oz Show," and Dr. Mike Roizen is chief
wellness officer and chairman of the Wellness Institute at Cleveland Clinic.
Email questions to youdocsdaily@sharecare.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG,Magazine


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

Local firm booted from set-aside programs;
TesTech has 30 days to appeal removal from list of preferred bidders.;
INVESTIGATION

BYLINE: By Lynn Hulsey and Tom Beyerlein

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 660 words


TesTech Inc., the Washington Twp. engineering company that last month settled
civil federal contracting fraud charges, now faces expulsion from two Ohio
programs that give it special preference in obtaining lucrative taxpayer-funded
state contracts, an Ohio official said Thursday.

The Ohio Department of Administrative Services notified TesTech President
Sher-if Aziz that it intends to revoke the company's certifications to
participate in the Minority Business Enterprise and Encouraging Diversity,
Growth & Equity (EDGE) programs, said ODAS spokeswoman Beth Gianforcaro.

In letters to Aziz dated Monday, Richard M. Scott of the department's equal
opportunity division said TesTech "misrepresented material facts regarding
control and ownership" of the company, which provides engineering and technical
services at construction sites.

In his letters to Aziz, Scott said TesTech first misrepresented its ownership in
a 1998 MBE application and continued to misrepresent itself to MBE and EDGE
officials through 2009.

TesTech has 30 days to appeal. If it doesn't appeal, it will be decertified,
Scott wrote.

Aziz did not return a request for comment. Anna Wright, spokeswoman for Dinsmore
and Shohl LLP of Cincinnati, which represented Aziz in the civil settlement,
declined to comment.

TesTech has obtained publicly funded contracts in Montgomery, Greene, Butler and
Clark counties, as well as in other Ohio cities and Kentucky, Indiana and
Michigan.

In 2012, the Ohio Department of Transportation revoked TesTech's Disadvantaged
Business Enterprise certification because of questions of ownership and control.
ODOT administers the federal program in Ohio.

Stephanie McCloud, the hearing officer who considered TesTech's appeal of DBE
decertification, found that Aziz was an employee of David and Shery Oakes
"willing to put his family and his own reputation at risk to help the Oakeses
achieve an advantage by engaging in a high-stakes game of deceiving" the federal
and state transportation departments.

Last month, Aziz, Tes-Tech, the Oakeses, David Oakes' CESO Inc. and two related
companies agreed to pay the U.S. government and whistle-blower Ryan Parker
nearly $2.9 million to settle civil False Claims Act allegations filed in 2010.

The Oakeses and their companies were accused of using Aziz as a front man to
acquire more than $5 million in minority set-aside contracts through the U.S.
Department of Transportation's DBE program. Aziz said he founded and was sole
owner of the company since 1997, but the complaint alleged that the Oakeses
owned and controlled TesTech at least until 2009.

In the settlement reached with Southern District of Ohio U.S. Attorney Carter M.
Stewart, the parties admitted no wrongdoing. No criminal charges have been
filed. The Oakeses' attorney, David Reed, said the couple are maintaining the
position of declining to comment on the TesTech matter.

The federal DBE program and the state MBE program require that participating
companies be majority-owned and controlled by members of certain minority groups
and other disadvantaged people. The EDGE program targets socially and
economically disadvantaged businesses. The designations are coveted because many
public contracts require that a percentage of the work be performed by certified
companies, making such companies sought after as subcontractors.

Fraud can occur in set-aside programs when purportedly disadvantaged small
businesses are actually owned and controlled by people who are not members of a
protected minority group, or whose personal net worth exceeds program limits, or
when minority owners simply "pass through" their work to a nonminority company.

TesTech has been the target of a federal probe since at least 2008, documents
show. In July 2011, federal transportation agents accompanied by the FBI raided
the Washington Twp. headquarters of TesTech and the Oakes companies - including
Design Homes and Development Co. and the civil engineering firm CESO Inc.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              525 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 16, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Blurring cast color lines is a tough call

BYLINE: David Patrick Stearns

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 434 words



After years of fitful inroads into the theater world, black actors and those who
cast them are embroiled in an increasingly bitter controversy.

With casts becoming more racially integrated in larger theaters, nobody agrees
what the guidelines should be. And the most colorblind producers are often the
most slammed.

''There seems to be a growing grinding of teeth,'' says Joseph Papp of the New
York Shakespeare Festival. ''In Cymbeline we had a black son and a white mother.
It makes people uncomfortable.''

Schoolteachers in Cleveland complained that an all-black production of Tennessee
Williams' The Glass Menagerie - about Amanda Wingfield, abandoned by her husband
and left with two children - would misrepresent the play.

But Tazewell Thompson, who directed it and another all-black Menagerie at
Washington, D.C.'s Arena Stage, says the play translated so easily into a black
cast, only a few words were changed: Instead of attending Daughters of the
American Revolution meetings, Amanda goes to the Delta Club, a black sorority.

Mixed racial casting draws fire - from blacks, too, as when James Earl Jones was
cast last year as the Southern patriarch Big Daddy in an otherwise white
production of Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.

''What interpretative value does it have?'' says Douglas Turner Ward, artistic
director of New York's Negro Ensemble Company. ''The worst aspect of it is that
black actors think they have to legitimize themselves by playing the icons of
the majority culture.'' Jones ultimately bowed out of the production.

Some say race doesn't matter in the classics - Shakespeare's plays are set in
such a distant time, they aren't realistic anyway. Others believe that casting
in modern, more realistic plays should be similarly colorblind.

''But that's not everybody's dream,'' says Arena Stage artistic director Zelda
Fichandler.  ''I've heard black actors say, 'Why should anybody in the audience
pretend I'm not (black)?' ''

''You have to ask whether it enhances or confuses the play,'' says Lloyd
Richards of Yale Repertory Theater. ''We're doing Strindberg's Miss Julie, which
deals with a class system. ... We moved it to Brazil ... and its racially mixed
cast gives it a different resonance. That particular play is enhanced by that
adjustment.''

And Thompson believes his Glass Menagerie enhanced the universality of the play.
''The underlying point of putting blacks in this play written for whites is that
it illustrates we all want the same thing - the best for our children,'' he
says.

Everyone agrees it's tricky, but it's clear that black actors can enliven far
more roles than Othello. Ward would love to see the works of Irish playwright
Sean O'Casey acted by blacks: They may understand Ireland's economic deprivation
better than whites, he says.

''I'd like to see a black Anne Frank,'' says Thompson. ''Why not? She represents
somebody shut away from the world.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Show

Accompanying story; 'Oh Kay!' shimmies with a twist

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              526 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 19, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Stern stuffs questioning

BYLINE: Compiled by Berry Tramel

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 319 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK - Normally unflappable NBA commissioner David Stern didn't lose his
cool Friday. But Stern did lose his patience.

In an extended give-and-take with reporter Chris Daniels of KING-TV in Seattle,
Stern grew agitated at the questioning after announcing that the NBA board of
governors voted 28-2 to approve relocation of the SuperSonics from Seattle to
Oklahoma City.

Daniels: "Let's settle it once and for all with KeyArena; there is a $300
million proposal ... is this a significant proposal and could that solve the
problem?"

Stern: "Actually, there's no proposal out there right now, and I don't think you
would mean to misrepresent that to me, would you?"

Daniels: "The $300 million proposal that the state legislature did not want to
get involved in and they talked about getting involved in January..."

Stern: "That would be the fourth..."

Daniels: "The KeyArena..."

Stern: "That would be the fourth - I'll let you finish. Go ahead."

Daniels: "The KeyArena remodel plan that's out there is a viable proposal."

Stern: "The Key Arena model has been available for four years and never been
acted upon by anybody."

Then a few moments later...

Daniels: "There's been so much discussion about good faith and best efforts
between Mr. (Clay) Bennett and his group and the city of Seattle, and you
believe he was acting in good faith over those negotiations, but over the last
week there have been several e-mails, including an exchange between youand Mr.
Bennett and e-mails between Mr. Bennett and his - have you had a chance to read
through those?"

Stern: "My response, as I have been reminded, wasn't lengthy at all. So your
predicate is...

Daniels: "Have you read through those emails?"

Stern: "No...

Daniels: "Especially between Mr. Bennett and..."

Stern: "Live (press conference) or not, I don't like to be interrupted, and I'm
not going to interrupt you. So why don't we just go to the next question."




LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 29, 1997, Friday, Final Edition

D.C. Man Who Billed Himself As Law Judge Gets Jail Term

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D03; CRIME AND JUSTICE

LENGTH: 262 words


Washington businessman Simon Banks, who repeatedly has wound up in trouble for
advertising himself as an administrative law judge, was given a 21-day jail
sentence yesterday for continuing to misrepresent himself to clients.

Banks, 58, was jailed for nearly a month last year after D.C. Superior Court
Judge Richard A. Levie found him in criminal contempt of court for violating
orders barring him from making the claim about his background. Levie later
released Banks on probation after Banks promised to obey the court.

At the time, Levie told Banks: "If you mess up, you will go to jail."

This week, Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas Zeno told Levie that Banks again was
making the claim. Zeno presented testimony from a woman who said she paid Banks
$ 400 for his services as well as documents Banks gave to clients.

Banks, a graduate of Howard University Law School, is not licensed to practice
law in the United States. He has represented scores of clients before the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission and other agencies, which do not require that
the advocates be lawyers. He was a hearing examiner for two D.C. agencies in the
1970s, and he contends that means he was an administrative law judge, but the
courts have ruled he has no right to use that title.

Levie banned Banks from representing any clients for four years and sentenced
him to 175 days in jail for violating probation. He suspended all but 21 days of
the term, and ordered Banks to report to the D.C. jail on alternate weekends,
starting Sept. 12, to serve the time.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              528 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 23, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Posturing on the Homeless

SECTION: Section 1; Page 22; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 461 words


Critics of Mayor David Dinkins's plan for New York City's homeless, in hopes of
avoiding responsibility for siting new residences, issue loud challenges that
misrepresent the Mayor's concept. That's cheap and destructive posturing on an
issue that demands statesmanship and good-faith negotiation.

The Mayor proposes spending $200 million on 24 new residences offering secure,
structured programs for up to 150 people each. They would replace the huge
armories that now house thousands of the homeless each night. Closing the big
shelters, where room and board cost the city $40 per person per night, would
free ample money for programs dealing with substance abuse, mental illness and
other needs of homeless adults.

The plan represents a welcome departure from the squalid, dangerous shelters.
Yet Peter Vallone, Speaker of the City Council, insists it would not provide
"safety and services for those people in need." He says the plan would neither
"identify the multifaceted problems an individual may have" nor move "people
towards independent living where possible." Yet it addresses these subjects at
length.

Such misrepresentation, echoed by Bronx Borough President Fernando Ferrer, seems
designed to obstruct further discussion of sites where the new residences might
be placed. Mr. Dinkins had hoped to engage the City Council and Borough
Presidents in a dialogue about sites but says they refused to cooperate,
preferring to let City Hall take the heat. As a result, the Mayor's people have
issued a list of 35 sites, from which 24 might be selected.

The Dinkins administration has handled the siting ineptly. Some proposed
locations seem inappropriate. And City Hall ruled out any sites in 20
neighborhoods already "saturated" with social service residences, pointing to
"fair share" provisions of the City Charter. Yet nowhere does the charter
mandate their exemption; it simply requires that the impact be considered when
adding a shelter in a saturated neighborhood.

Much anxiety about sites also reflects prejudice against the homeless. But the
level of hysteria is unwarranted; well-managed residential programs have
operated in the city for years without disrupting their neighborhoods.

Andrew Cuomo, head of a mayoral commission on the homeless, suggests that the
city leave siting to the nonprofit organizations that would run the shelter
programs, since they have experience persuading communities to accept sites.
That's a useful idea, although even the nonprofits may encounter controversy if
they expand on the scale envisioned.

The immediate need is for lowered voices and substantive negotiation. If Mr.
Vallone and other critics object to the Mayor's plan and sites, they owe the
public a program and sites of their own.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              529 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 5, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Homeless Plan for New York City Must Include Medical Help

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 192 words


To the Editor:

"Getting a Handle on the Homeless" (editorial, Oct. 19), on Mayor David N.
Dinkins's new homeless plan for New York City, misrepresents my statements and
feelings about the homeless. Of course, homelessness itself is not a disease.
But many homeless people are ill. By some estimates, at least two-thirds suffer
from serious mental problems or addiction to drugs and alcohol.

They need structured medical help, treatment over a period of time until they
are stabilized. The Mayor's plan does not offer that. It offers walk-in sites,
where people may come and go as they please. This does not help those who need
help. And it does not help the residents of this city who have compassion for
those in need, but also a concern about the quality of life in their
neighborhoods.

Critics of the Mayor's plan are not simply crying "not in my backyard." They are
objecting to a senseless plan that redistributed people without addressing their
medical needs. Let's get the right approach and programs first. Then the siting
of facilities can make sense.

PETER F. VALLONE
Speaker of the City Council
New York, Oct. 28, 1991

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              530 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 31, 2011 Thursday

Oakland Tribune My Word: Oakland should favor local small business in bids

BYLINE: By Ignacio De La Fuente and Jane Brunner My Word Oakland Tribune ©
Copyright 2011, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 543 words


THE TRIBUNE'S recent editorial, "Oakland City Council should reject security
contract," misrepresents the issues regarding the city's security contract and
the reasons behind our support for ABC Security.

As policymakers, our job is to support local businesses that provide good jobs
to Oakland residents. To do that, we have a system for awarding preference
points to small and local businesses competing for city contracts.

Local companies bring additional revenue to our city through business taxes and
they're more likely to hire local residents, who in turn spend money locally,
further boosting our economy.

These are critical issues for a city facing a $50 million deficit and a 17
percent unemployment rate.

ABC Security is an Oakland-grown, minority- and woman-owned local business with
a long history of hiring Oakland residents and providing well-paying, union
jobs. ABC currently employs 213 Oakland residents; that's 87 percent of its
workforce.

Nevertheless, because it has thrived and has exceeded the city's definition of a
small business, it wasn't awarded preference points under the city's current
point system, nor was it awarded points for its 42 years as an Oakland business
nor for employing 87 percent Oakland residents.

Cypress, the company staff recommended, is a San Francisco-based company that
recently moved into a city-owned building, set up a small office and qualified
for preference points as a local business.

There are a number of reasons why we support ABC Security. It has provided
exemplary service and its staff knows our city facilities and the risks and
issues associated with providing security on city property.

Despite its 13 years of providing security services to the city, the company was
awarded only six out of 10 points for "relevant experience" in the selection
process.

We believe ABC Security is exactly the kind of company the city needs to support
if we are to find a way out of this recession: It is locally owned and operated,
unionized and employing primarily Oakland residents.

When the system that we as policymakers have set up to support local businesses
instead favors a large San Francisco company, then something is wrong with the
system.

This is not the first time that the City Council has recommended issuing a
contract to a firm that didn't rank first in the request for proposal (RFP)
process.

In fact, on two previous occasions, the council rejected all bids, specifically
because local companies were not favored in the process.

In January 2005 and July 2006, the council rejected all proposals submitted in
response to the RFP for management of our parking garages. Council directed
staff to issue a new RFP using criteria giving greater weight to Oakland
business participation and employment.

We are concerned with this system and this process. We recommend that the City
Council either accept the Finance Committee's recommendation of awarding the
contract to ABC Security, or reject all bids and begin the process of reviewing
our small and local business preference program to make sure our system is truly
helping the kinds of local businesses we need to support in Oakland.

Councilman Ignacio De La Fuente represents Oakland's District 5. Councilwoman
Jane Brunner represents Oakland's District 1.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Councilwoman Jane Brunner and Councilman Ignacio De La Fuente dispute a
previous editorial on security service bids. (Dean Coppola/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                              June 25, 2007 Monday

Governor isn't cutting transit budget

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Opinion; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 659 words


A RECENT ARTICLE ("Bakers Bemoan BART Budget Issue," June 20) misrepresents Gov.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's proposed transportation budget.

First, referring to Gov. Schwarzenegger's public transportation budget as a
"cut" is inaccurate and misleading. The Governor has increased funding for
transit by more than 20 percent over the last year and more than 400 percent
over three years ago. His budget proposal shows tremendous leadership on public
transit by increasing funding for state and local transit by

$321 million.

State funds account for a very small portion of transit agency funding.
According to the state's non-partisan legislative analyst, state funds accounted
for only

2 percent of all transit agency operating revenue statewide over the last 10
years. The remaining

98 percent comes from federal and local revenue sources and passenger fares.
Attributing any change in a local transit agency's budget to the state's
traditional

2 percent contribution is illogical and unwarranted.

Gov. Schwarzenegger supports transit in the state. He championed last November's
Prop. 1b, which included $4 billion for public transit, intercity and commuter
rail and waterborne transit operations, and has promised to continue to build
infrastructure for the next generation of Californians.

Dale E. Bonner

Secretary,

California Business,

Transportation and

Housing Agency

Sacramento

Don't let Alameda

Museum fade

into history

WE MUST preserve Alameda's collective memory.

City Manger Debra Kurita plans to reduce Alameda Museum's subsidy by 10 percent.
She'll then reduce it until the museum ceases to exist.

Alameda cannot afford to lose its museum anymore than it could afford to lose
its library. The museum visually complements the library.

Alamedans interested in learning about their own history can visit at no cost.
The museum also has a unique annex, the Myers House. For a small fee, visitors
can immerse themselves in Alameda over 100 years ago.

The museum has always worked with the city's children. One example: For the past

10 years the museum has hosted "Kids & Queen Victoria," an artshow with work
from 14 elementary school classes.

The museum encourages artists to display their work on its gallery walls, hosts
a lecture series focusing on Alameda's history, preserves hundreds of documents
and vintage photos, keeps an incredible array of Alameda's past and hosts
exhibits lovingly put together by volunteers.

Is this worth preserving? Ms. Kurita doesn't think so. We must let her know
otherwise. Without the city's support, Alameda may lose a very precious asset --
access to its collective memory.

Dennis Evanosky

Oakland

Anti-Joe's planning

commissioners

should step aside

IF THE Planning Commissioners Michael Lighty and Doug Boxer have such a glaring
conflict of interest, they should either recuse themselves from voting on any
Trader Joe's and Farmer Joe's issues.

Their position trying to delay, or deny, Trader Joe's from receiving approval
for a liquor license -- which should be a slam dunk, considering that
Albertson's had one -- is nothing short of extortion.

It seems more appropriate that those two resign from the Planning Commission,
making room for others who can be more objective and constructive to the benefit
of the citizens of Oakland, who support Trader Joe's and Farmer Joe's in great
numbers.

Jim Thompson

Oakland

Fight gangs on

national, international

levels, too

THE JUNE 12 editorial "Local prevention best way to fight gangs" is absolutely
right that we need to fight gangs on the local level.

Where they live and operate. But do not think for a moment that the broader view
is not just as critical.

Has it slipped your minds that the Bloods and the Crips, the Hells Angels and
many others have learned to have a national predatory presence?

And then we have M16, the murderous gang out of U.S. prisons that has spread
back to several Latin American nations. Any effective action against them
demands international coordination.

David Horn

Oakland

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    December 12, 1991, Thursday, 1* EDITION

Fish farm disease poses no health threat to humans

BYLINE: VANSUN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 276 words


Scott Simpson's article "Blood Disease Attacks B.C. Fish Farms," Dec. 6,
misrepresents the facts concerning marine anemia, a fish disease agent that
occurs naturally in the aquatic environment.

Marine anemia has been discussed openly both publicly and within the scientific
community for several years. It is clear that the disease poses no health risk
to humans. Because viral pathogens (disease-carrying agents) of fish are
incapable of surviving or multiplying at human body temperatures, the disease
cannot be transmitted to humans who handle or eat affected fish.

Similarly, research by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans into disease
transmission indicates that marine anemia in farmed fish does not pose a danger
to wild salmon stocks in the ocean.

The disease, first observed in B.C. pen-reared chinook salmon during 1988, was
initially discoverd in 1974 infecting freshwater reared chinook salmon at a
Washington State hatchery.

The infected fish originated from wild chinook returning to the hatchery after
spending several years in the ocean. Since 1987, a similar disease has been
observed in chinook and rainbow trout at other freshwater hatcheries in
California, Washington and Idaho.

Marine anemia is, naturally, of concern to the DFO, and to the B.C. salmon
farming industry. The disease's impact, however, is being effectively managed
and economic losses will be minimized.

DFO scientists are world leaders in aquaculture research. Every effort is being
expended to develop an accurate diagnostic test and treatment for marine anemia.

RON GINETZ

Department of Fisheries

and Oceans

555 West Hastings


LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 August 18, 1998 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

MCIVER: SILENCE WASN'T BOUGHT ENIS, BEARS CLOSE TO A DEAL

BYLINE: MERCURY NEWS WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 677 words


In his first public comments since his neck was cut, DallasCowboys offensive
lineman Everett McIver denied having been paid or even asked to remain silent
about the injury and didn't say whether receiver Michael Irvin was involved.

"I have not received any payments, from anyone, in return for my silence as has
been inaccurately alleged," McIver said in a statement released through the team
Monday. "I have not been asked to withhold any information or testimony or to
misrepresent any of the facts of the incident."

Meanwhile, the NFL said it had looked into the July 29 training-camp problem and
determined no league rules were violated.

"We have met with the individuals involved, reviewed the chain of events and,
based on this information, the commissioner has found no basis on which to take
any further action," spokesman Greg Aiello said.

The matter has been open to scrutiny since Coach Chan Gailey first described
McIver's injury as a result of "horseplay," then refused to give details.

Several reports, all citing anonymous sources, have said Irvin cut McIver with a
pair of scissors during a scuffle over a haircut.

On Aug. 9, the Dallas Morning News reported that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones
brokered a deal in which Irvin would pay McIver in the high six figures to keep
quiet about what happened. Jones and Irvin have strongly denied striking a deal.

ENIS A BEAR:

Curtis Enis is going to be a Chicago Bear, after all.

The fifth pick in the NFL draft, who threatened to sit out the season after
contract negotiations turned sour, has reached a tentative agreement on a
three-year deal, his agent said. Details of the signing bonus were still being
discussed, but Greg Feste said they hoped to sign the deal shortly.

Enis will get about $5.6 million over three years, Feste said, with a $3.6
million signing bonus. The agreement will leave Arizona's Andre Wadsworth and
Carolina's Jason Peter as the only unsigned first-round draft picks.

In another matter, the Dallas County grand jury found no evidence to proceed to
trial on the complaint of sexual assault against Enis.

The charges, brought by an Irving, Texas, woman on May 29, did not result in the
arrest of Enis and initially, there was not enough physical evidence for the
case to be brought to trial. But the Dallas County district attorney's office
elected to proceed, citing standard operating procedure.

HIGHEST-PAID FULLBACK:

Rather than test his worth as a restricted free agent at the end of this season,
Mike Alstott became the NFL's highest-paid fullback when he signed a five-year
contract extension worth up to $32 million with Tampa Bay.

The deal, which includes a $4 million signing bonus and roster bonuses totaling
about $8 million, also contains escalator clauses that could make Alstott's
yearly salary comparable to elite running backs if he performs like one.

MONDAY'S GAMES:

Peyton Manning found his rhythm in his second exhibition start, leading the
Indianapolis Colts to 23 points in the first half and a 30-27 victory over the
Bengals in Cincinnati.

Manning completed 5 of 11 passes for 112 yards in the half and threw a 12-yard
touchdown pass to Marvin Harrison on a perfectly executed slant pattern.

In Mexico City, the second-largest crowd in NFL history -- 106,424 -- watched
the New England Patriots defeat Dallas 21-3, handing the Cowboys their third
straight exhibition loss.

Sedrick Shaw ran for 50 yards in 14 tries, scored two touchdowns and had a third
that was called back for a Patriots team struggling to replace tailback Curtis
Martin, now with the New York Jets.

ETC.:

Jets Coach Bill Parcells named Glenn Foley his starting quarterback against the
New York Giants on Thursday night, and barring injury or complete collapse, also
against the 49ers in the Sept. 6 season opener. . . . The Philadelphia Eagles
signed veteran safeties Dana Hall and Anthony Marshall toone-year contracts. . .
. The Green Bay Packers acquired punter Brian Hansen from the Jets for future
considerations.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NFL NOTEBOOK

GRAPHIC: Photos (3);
PHOTO: Enis
[980818 SP 3D 1]
PHOTO: Alstott
[980818 SP 3D 4]
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
No. 1 draft pick Peyton Manning, who led the Colts to 23 first-half points, is
sacked by Cincinnati's Takeo Spikes.
[980818 SP 3D 2]

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MARCH 14, 1996 Thursday SF EDITION

BUSINESS NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 1273 words


IN THE REGION
 INTERDIGITAL GETS $41 MILLION INDONESIAN CONTRACT InterDigital Communications
Corp., King of Prussia, said it won a $41 million contract to upgrade
Indonesia's telecommunications system. In its largest contract ever,
InterDigital will supply PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia with the company's
UltraPhone wireless phone system. Deliveries are expected to start late this
year. The Export-Import Bank of the United States will finance the project. The
new systems add a high-speed data and facsimile capability to previous
UltraPhone equipment.

BELL ATLANTIC GETTING INTO THE INTERNET ACT * Bell Atlantic Corp. will announce
within days a plan to provide access to the Internet global computer network.
Chairman and chief executive Raymond Smith said the announcement will involve
partners, although he wasn't more specific. AT&T Corp. recently began offering
users Internet access.

COMPANY IS LEFT WITH EGG ON ITS FACE * Eggland's Best, King of Prussia, will pay
a $100,000 fine to settle FTC charges that it continued to advertise its eggs as
lower in cholesterol than others, although it had agreed not to. It was the
second Federal Trade Commission challenge to advertising for Eggland's eggs,
which cost up to $1 more per dozen than other brands. When the company settled
with the FTC in 1994, it agreed not to misrepresent the amount of cholesterol in
its eggs. But the FTC found that changes to Eggland's advertisements weren't
enough to alter their basic message or satisfy the agency.

CONRAIL SHEDDING 400 MILES OF TRACK After reviewing eight bids, Conrail, the
Philadelphia freight railroad, said it will negotiate exclusively with two
short-line railroads to sell rail lines in eastern Massachusetts and
Connecticut. The two firms are Railtex, San Antonio, Texas, and the Providence &
Worcester Railroad, Worcester, Mass. The pending sale involves about 400 miles
of an 1,800-mile package Conrail has put on the market in an effort to shed
low-traffic routes and concentrate on improving its 12-state trunk-line system.

GENESIS BUYS OUT PARTNERS AT 5 CENTERS * After buying out partnership interests,
Genesis Health Ventures Inc., Kennett Square, said it will be full owner of four
elder-care centers in Maryland and one in Lakeland, Fla. The price for the five
centers is about $31.8 million, which includes assumed debt, according to
Genesis Health. The centers have a total of 739 beds that generate about $32
million in annual revenues. Genesis provides geriatric services, including home
care, family support, pharmaceuticals and medical supplies.

FINANCING AGREEMENT SUITS TODAY'S MAN Today's Man Inc., Moorestown, said $20
million in debtor-in-possession financing has been approved by the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court. The Moorestown-based menswear retailer said the financing,
through CIT Group/Business Credit, would ensure a steady flow of fresh
merchandise to the company's 28 superstores in the Philadelphia, New York and
Washington markets, as it tries to return to profitability.

CASELLA NAMED PHILA. EXCHANGE CHAIRMAN * Vincent J. Casella was named to a
two-year term as chairman of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange, Bloomberg Business
News said. Casella, a member of the exchange since 1973, was vice chairman from
1980 to 1984. He is chairman of Casella Vendette Group Inc., a brokerage firm
that trades on the Philadelphia exchange.

ELSEWHERE
 MONEY-MARKET FUNDS' YIELDS ARE DOWN * The average seven-day yield on taxable
money-market funds was 4.73 percent this week, down from 4.79 percent last week,
according to the IBC-Donohue Money Fund report. The average yield on tax-free
funds was 2.70 percent, down from 2.84 percent last week.

BIG RAISE FOR FIRST UNION'S CRUTCHFIELD First Union Corp. gave chairman and
chief executive Edward Crutchfield a 55 percent raise last year, as his salary,
bonus and other cash payments rose to $3.42 million. The sixth-biggest U.S. bank
said in its proxy statement that Crutchfield's pay reflected his role in the 10
acquisitions it completed last year or had pending at year's end. Most notable
among them was the $5.9 billion acquisition of First Fidelity Bancorp., of
Newark, N.J., and Philadelphia.

CAP CITIES STOCKHOLDERS GO WITH DISNEY * Capital Cities/ABC said 82 percent of
its shareholders elected to convert their shares to Walt Disney Co. stock, in
connection with Disney's Feb. 9 acquisition of the company. Under the $19
billion deal, Capital Cities shareholders could choose all cash, all stock or a
combination of both. Disney is issuing up to 154.6 million shares and paying
about $10 billion in cash to Capital Cities holders, the company said.

MERGER-RELATED LAYOFFS ARE UP * One in four of the 33,830 layoffs announced in
February was merger-related, the highest level of merger-related layoffs since
August, according to Challenger, Gray & Christmas Inc. Recently announced and
recently completed mergers, including Wells Fargo-First Interstate and
Disney-ABC, could accelerate the trend, said John A. Challenger, executive vice
president of the Chicago outplacement firm that tracks layoff announcements.
Companies often don't make layoff decisions until a year after the merger, he
said.

IPO PLANNED BY NEW COMBINED INSURER * Travelers/Aetna Property Casualty Corp.,
the Hartford, Conn., company being formed through the combination of two major
property/casualty insurance operations, filed to raise as much as $885 million
through an initial public offering of stock. The company plans to sell 35.43
million Class A common shares at $25 each, according to a federal filing.

TOYS R US PROFITS DOWN, REVENUES UP * Toys R Us Inc. posted a sharp drop in
fourth-quarter profits after a $270 million restructuring charge to dump less
popular toy lines, but the Paramus, N.J., company said it plans to open about 45
stores in the United States and about 55 stores overseas. The world's largest
toy retailer said its net income plunged 77 percent to $93 million in the
quarter ended Feb. 3. Revenues rose 10 percent to a record $4.6 billion.

BUFFETT GETS GO-AHEAD FOR AMEX PURCHASE * Billionaire investor Warren Buffett
received permission to buy up to 17 percent of American Express Co., according
to Amex's proxy statement. The investment would add to Buffett's current 10.2
percent stake, already the largest holding in the credit-card and
financial-services firm. Buffett received permission from the Federal Reserve
Board for the increased stake, said the proxy statement, which was filed late
Tuesday with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

U S WEST SUES TO BLOCK TURNER DEAL * U S West Inc. opened its legal fight in a
Wilmington courtoom to block partner Time Warner Inc.'s planned purchase of
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. Time Warner is banking on the Turner deal to
keep it in the forefront of the rapidly consolidating media and entertainment
industry. U S West contends its partner in a cable-TV and entertainment
partnership improperly went off on its own to buy competing businesses.

UNEMPLOYMENT IS UP IN BRITAIN * Unemployment in Britain rose unexpectedly by
6,800 in February, the first increase in 2 1/2 years, the Central Statistical
Office said. The number of people out of work rose to 2.214 million from 2.207
million in January. The jobless rate was unchanged at 7.9 percent.

THE BOTTOM LINE Charter Power Systems Inc., Plymouth Meeting, said its
subsidiary, International Power Systems Inc., completed the acquisition of Power
Convertibles Corp., a producer of low-power converters for the electronics
industry.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

What should we do about the homeless? A Q&A with Kevin Corinth

LENGTH: 4086  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



  Should you give a homeless person money or food, or just keep walking? It's a
quandary many Americans face, especially those who live in big cities.
Homelessness raises other questions as well. How can we reduce the problem? How
do the data misrepresent the issues? In what cities are there real "states of
emergency"? And are shelters for the homeless - a seemingly obvious solution to
the profile - actually effective in solving the greater social problems that
homelessness embodies?





 I sat down with Kevin Corinth to get some of the answers. He is a research
fellow in economic policy studies at AEI where he focuses on homelessness and
the programs and policies put in place to assist the homeless. (He has written
repeatedly for the blog; see some of his work here, here, here, and here.)
Corinth has a bachelor's degree in economics and political science from Boston
College and a master's and doctorate in economics from the University of
Chicago, where he was also a lecturer.



 Some excerpts of our talk via my podcast over at Ricochet.

 Shutterstock.



 Shutterstock.



 James Pethokoukis: The last time I remember people really talking about
homelessness, it was the 1980s, during the Reagan Administration. Mitch
Schneider here in Washington DC really gave the issue a lot of public attention.
So why does this issue seem to pop up, and then go away and re-emerge? Is this a
business-cycle thing, where we've had a recession and so the number of homeless
has gone up? Why does has it emerged and receded from the public consciousness
over the past generation?



 Kevin Corinth: There's a pretty broad consensus that homelessness has gone up a
lot, beginning in the early 1980s. There's a lot of debate over why that
happened - the de-institutionalization of the mentally ill, increasing poverty,
whether there was an increase in single-parent families. There's been a lot of
debate about that... We started to actually do some surveys beginning in the
'80s and '90s.



 Taking you up to the modern era, starting in 2007, there has been a much bigger
federal government effort to count homeless people. And once you start to count
them on a regular basis, you get a lot more of the politics involved [around]
whether numbers are going up or down. There's a lot more interest in that.



 So yes there's a reality part, which is that homelessness is higher than it was
before the '80s; how it's gone up or down since then, there's a lot less that we
really know.



 Before we get to the state of things today, just one more thing about the '80s.
You mentioned a few different theories. What do you think was the causation for
that increase? De-institutionalization of the homeless? Poverty? What strikes
you as the most plausible reason that it jumped from the '60s and '70s?



 It looks like it is "all of the above." The de-institutionalization can't
really explain all of it; there's been good work showing that but it probably
does explain some of it, especially for those sleeping on the streets. There's
more of those people. I think one reason that isn't talked about as much is
perhaps the disillusionment with the family. You have a lot more single-parent
families, a lot more kids growing up without parents. Maybe that disconnection
amounts later on to potential spells of homelessness. And there's less attention
on that. I think that's another theory that could explain part of the increase.



 Am I wrong to say the issue seems to have reemerged in the past few years as
something policy makers pay attention to? Why is it a big issue again?



 With the recession you would expect there would be more homelessness but
actually you didn't see any more homelessness as the Recession happened, or as
it recovered. That's a very interesting puzzle, and I have a theory about that,
that for a lot of the sheltered homeless population, shelters really didn't
expand when the Recession hit. When people don't go to shelters, either they
turn to the street or they turn to other situations where they are not found in
the street with other people.



 So why is there more attention now? Maybe the Recession has something to do
with that. But I think a lot of it is based on these annual counts and there is
more emphasis from the federal government to really do something about
homelessness. A focus on trying to end homelessness, we don't want to add
shelters, we want to bring homelessness down, and I think that brings a lot of
excitement from people as a social justice type of issue.



 What do we know about how many people are chronically living on the streets?
And that is what we mean by homeless, right? If you are able to go to a shelter,
are you no longer counted homeless? So who are the homeless? How do you define
that? And then let's get into the causes.



 These are extremely difficult questions. These very basic questions - how do
you define them? How do you count them? -  those are two of the hardest things
to answer. And I won't give you the magical definitions or counts today. But to
answer your first question about how many... If we are talking about numbers of
people on the street, they do a count every year. Volunteers go out across the
country, this is done in the middle of January. They find about 170,000 people
on the streets. That number is probably higher in the warmer months, especially
in colder weather places, New York City, Chicago, but they find lots of people
in warm weather areas.



 In terms of definitions, obviously they count people on the street as homeless.
People who are in emergency shelters and also something called transitional
housing, maybe apartment-style living but maybe it's for six months to two years
at most - that's all called homelessness. Everything else is not, at least when
we are talking about the official Department of Housing and Urban Development
definition. Other departments have other definitions. For instance, the
Department of Education has another definition which includes people who
double-up for economic reasons.



 What does that mean, doubling-up?



 It means if you have a family who moves in with a relative or friend because
otherwise they wouldn't have housing on their own.



 So what do we know about the reasons? I went on Twitter and asked people what
they'd like to know, and I think the number one thing is: is this a
poverty-issue? Is this a mental illness issue? A substance abuse issue? What do
we know about the causality?



 It's kind of all those things. The thing is, if you're just poor and don't have
these other issues, you probably won't be homeless. If you just have a substance
abuse issue but you're not poor, you probably won't be homeless. So a lot of
times it's the combination of poverty, high-housing costs, substance abuse,
mental illness, that causes someone to land in homelessness. And another
important part of this too is disconnection from family. This isn't true in all
cases but often those who end up in homelessness have a lot of disconnection
from family - a recent divorce in history, or the breakdown of a family
relationship. So instead of going to live with somebody else, they may end up in
a shelter or on the street.



 I think when someone sees someone on the street, a couple things pop into mind.
One, does this person have a drug problem? [Two], this person came from
somewhere; they have parents, they must have cousins somewhere... where are
these people and that family safety net?



 That's an important and sometimes ignored issue. Sometimes people do use those
other safety nets. People who are on the street or in shelters -- before they
were there - they were in family situations, or they will go there after. I find
those social supports are extremely important, and there may be policy levers we
can press to spur those on, because that could be both a cheaper and maybe more
effective and humanizing way to deal with homelessness.



 And again, many people are homeless because those relationships have broken
down and are not healthy. So it's a really hard field to play with in terms of
policy but it's one we really can't ignore because these are real human beings.
Somebody's brother, somebody's daughter, son, or parent. Those relationships are
hugely important and we need to make sure when we think about policies, we think
about these things too.



 The other thing that pops into people's heads is that this is a breakdown of
the mental health system. You mentioned earlier that we loosened up all these
rules in the 1960s and 70s. Address that issue.



 That's such a tough issue and it's a big one. Personally I think there could be
a role for some institutionalization... it's such a hard line to draw [between
incarceration and institutionalization]. I think reasonable people could come up
with a reasonable policy. But that wouldn't solve homelessness. There would
still be non-mentally ill people on the streets, whether for substance abuse
issues, or just total poverty or some life choice. You get the gamut of reasons.
Any one thing won't be the magic bullet. But those issues around mental health
should really be decided by mental health experts... We need a more holistic
policy around it in that area.



 I remember as a kid watching these ABC after-school specials and I remember one
of them being  - this was in the late '70s or early '80s - about homelessness
and a family. They had lost a job and were living in their car. How typical is
that kind of homelessness today?



 You've now transitioned into a different form of homelessness. Before we were
talking about the single-adults, people on the street... but when it comes to
families, at least when we do these flawed government counts, we are finding
people who are mostly in shelters. Not many of them are on the streets or in
their cars.



 But that being said, these counts are flawed so people may end up in their
cars. The most common place where people end up as a homeless family is again
these shared-housing, doubled-up situations. You can decide whether to call that
homeless or not; I say not. But that's what most people do when they lose their
housing, a job. A lot of people will say they are one or two paychecks away from
homelessness. A lot of people have family members who will take them in in those
situations, and a lot of people in poverty too. But again when those
relationships dissolve or opportunities are no longer available, they may end up
in shelters or in cars.



 Again, these families don't want to be found. If you are found with your kids
in a car on the street, you may potentially lose your children, so these are
really tough things to do from a policy perspective - when people you are trying
to count and serve are hesitant to even appear.



 So, any idea what share of the homeless are families in shelters or doubling-up
versus single people on the street?



 If you look at these annual counts done in January, you have about 107,000 who
are on the streets and that's almost all single adults, mostly males, mostly
middle aged. There's another 2 to 300,000 who are in shelters, single adults,
some families as well. And that's at a point in time. There are a lot of people
doubling-up. There are some reports on family homelessness, and for those who
define family homelessness as doubling-up for economic reasons, you get
something in the millions.



 I think that's the wrong way to define homelessness. A lot of people share
housing for economic reasons, but that can be a good thing. There's obviously
crowded situations and issues of domestic violence and abuse that we want to
avoid. But the fact that people are using family support systems, friends,
especially on a stable basis, that allows them to free up money for other
things, school, etc. It's important to distinguish between single adults on the
streets and in shelters versus doubling-up. They are very different issues and
require different solutions.



 Do you have a feel for what share of those adults on the street have
diagnosable psychological issues?



 Again, these numbers are hard. There was a survey done in 1996 that tried to
survey those who said they were using some kind of service but were sleeping on
the street. They found that 40 to 50 % had diagnosable mental health problems.
75% had either a mental health or substance abuse problem. So yes among that
population, those problems are prevalent. And again there are people who do not
have those issues either, so I don't want to cast any... be too general with
this.



 This is a question from Twitter: Is there some sense in which homelessness is a
lifestyle choice?



 You hear about that. I don't believe it's common at all, though I'm sure it
exists. And to the extent that it does exist, from a policy perspective, I'm not
sure there's anything we need to do about that. If it's someone who's making a
choice, who has places to go, assuming they aren't using expensive services,
don't have mental health problems, don't have drug abuse problems interfering
with their ability to make decisions, that becomes less of an important issue.
But that said, this is probably a small subset. There are important policy
things to do for those who are not in that group.



 This is one of the first questions I asked you when you joined AEI, and I'm
sure you get it all the time: someone's on the street, asking for money. What do
you do? Keep walking? Hand them money? Give them a card to go to McDonalds? How
should that interaction go optimally to help that person?



 Optimally I think it's important to acknowledge another human being's humanity.
Operating from that mindset is key. I personally don't offer money to those on
the street; I worry it will be used for something that will harm them. When they
do surveys, they find people do often use it for food but do often use it for
these other harmful things. There are usually soup kitchens and services
available in the community.



 That being said, though I think that money may not be the best thing, I do
think that addressing someone's humanity by offering some amount of money may
not be the worst thing in the world. There is this cost obviously that they may
do something bad with it. If that's what allows you to address someone and act
out of love, it's not the worst thing in the world. But from a practical
perspective, I generally would not.



 As you've written, there are plenty of cities where the goals are to not
acknowledge these human beings, move them away so we don't have to see them.
What's going on with those sorts of policies right now, especially in big
cities?



 There's a lot of concern for what people call the criminalization of
homelessness. In some cities not-for-profits are not allowed to feed people in
certain areas of homelessness. There may be bans on sleeping in certain or all
areas, bans on panhandling ...



 Or physical obstacles to people sleeping in certain areas, so beside the legal
restrictions, they make it less desirable and likely to be in certain areas.



 Yes so in London they put spikes out on the sidewalks where people were
sleeping. On the criminalization issue, the big problem I have with this, I
think there can be room for policies that maybe restrict where people can sleep.
The thing I worry about is when these laws are put in place to make people go
away, so we don't have to see them. I mean, there could be some really
worthwhile ordinances that say where you should not sleep for safety reasons, or
we could involve the police to help get people into services that they need.



 But I think a lot of cities aren't thinking in that compassionate way and more
"we need to clean up our cities for tourists."  I think the worst example is
something known as Greyhound therapy. Greyhound, as we know, is a bus line and
there have been a lot of anecdotal cases and some cities that have been caught
giving one-way bus tickets to people with severe mental health problems. That's
a really tempting thing to do if you are just trying to get rid of the
homelessness problem, and so I worry a lot about that. But I think there are
reasonable measures that can be taken for a city, even from a quality of life
perspective. If someone's outside of a store blocking customers, I think it's
reasonable for the city or police to ask someone to move.



 San Francisco - very expensive to live there. There's a public defecation thing
happening there. If you are a policy maker in a city like that, what is the next
step? Maybe now's the time to talk about the new Housing First idea. What is
that?



 Let me be modest and say I don't have all the magical solutions. Housing First
has been one of the major policy developments in the last decade or so; it's a
very simple, very intuitive, very hopeful policy message. It says, for people
who have been sleeping on the street, they may have a lot of mental disease or
substance abuse problems. You give them permanent housing, no strings attached,
you do offer supportive services for things like mental health and getting over
substance abuse problems. People are not forced to comply.



 So there has been a huge increase in supportive housing which uses this Housing
First approach. Something like a 67% increase since 207. That's deemed as the
current favorite for what will solve homelessness.



 So you're putting someone in a completely subsidized apartment?



 It could be an apartment. It could be one large facility with lots of different
rooms. Usually the person does have their own apartment.



 With a door and a lock and a key, so you're not in a cot in the corner.



 Exactly. They usually pay 30% of their income, usually money off the
government, less frequently money from a job, so there's a lot to like about
this. It gets us on the right path. It says we will target our assistance on the
chronically homeless, those who need the most help. We won't screen people out
because they aren't willing to engage in any services. So there's a lot to like
about it though I don't think it's the ultimate solution.



 My issue is that it doesn't really ... it's not results based in terms of
addressing these other issues. It's good at keeping people housed. It hasn't
been shown to be any better at getting people over their drug abuse or
addressing heir mental health. So I think there are two things. One, I think it
is really important we do address those problems, and they are really important
to me in order to overcome homelessness.



 The other problem is that, if people stay in these housing programs and we are
not getting them over these other issues, we cannot use this housing for other
people in the future.  I think we need a lot more accountability from some of
these non-profit programs running these Housing First programs in addressing
some of these other issues and getting more positive exits so we can use this
system for other people in the future. Otherwise we are at risk of expanding our
permanent housing, and there will be more homeless people coming, and there will
be less money for more short-term assistance that gets at some of these core
issues.



 It reminds me of the classic left-right debate, when the right says "if you
want to get a benefit, welfare, there needs to be a work requirement," whereas
those on the left say you should get those benefits as a human right. Is that
the way the debate is playing out?



 I think there is some of that, and I think there can be room for some strings
attached eventually. I think it makes sense to get people into a supportive
environment without strings at first. Even if there are no strings attached
ever, I do think we have a moral and financial responsibility to ensure that
these providers we are giving lots of money to are addressing these other
issues. If it's just about getting homeless bodies off the street and into some
kind of housing, that's fine. I don't have a problem with it, I think it's
actually a good thing. But we do have the responsibility to make sure that we
are only giving the best providers, the people giving the most supportive
environments and doing a good job working with people to overcome these other
issues, reconnecting with family, I think those must be part of the equation or
we are selling human beings short.



 Some people support the idea of a universal basic income. Maybe it's cheaper to
give people a basic income, no strings, just a check. Similarly just give people
some sort of housing. Is Housing First more expensive? How much are we already
spending?



 People who are homeless are expensive. They use emergency rooms, jails,
shelters, so if we do nothing, there are still lots of costs. Costs depend on
the city. I've seen estimates of anywhere from $20,000 to $50,000 a year for
some of the intensive users of services.



 Per person?



 Yes per person per year. Most of that is emergency room services. Health issues
are exacerbated by living on the streets. That's why there's a lot to be said
for Housing First. That said, Housing First is extremely expensive too. For most
people, Housing First will cost money in the long run, and that's why I think we
need to focus more on these positive exits. Getting people into these housing
programs and transitioning them into other places and making sure providers are
really accountable.



 To what extent is this a government-driven issue, with droning and regulations
contributing to it such that even low-end housing is pricy?



 Zoning is a huge issue and everyone pretty much agrees that housing costs are a
big driver of homelessness, especially more on the family side. So government
policy keeping housing prices high by zoning, that's a big problem. That said, a
lot of expensive cities will be expensive. So the question is, what do you do in
those areas? Do you encourage people to move to cheaper areas, which would be
the natural economic progression? Or do you try to get people to stay in their
areas? There are people who have ties to a city and the extent to which we are
not allowing people to stay there because we have zoning policies that keep
housing way too expensive, that's a huge problem. Getting rid of zoning
regulations would be a great step towards making housing more affordable for
people and decreasing homelessness. Just helping people in general.



 What percentages of Americans are actually living one or two paychecks from
homelessness?



 The loss of a paycheck really isn't the correct margin here. A lot of people
may be one or two paychecks from being evicted from their apartments or having
to ask someone for help. But in a lot of those situations, a lot of people will
then go use their family safety net. The really important margin here is when
they are living with those other people that that breaks down. I don't know how
many people are actually on the margin between missing a paycheck and going to
live with family, obviously a lot of people doubled-up. How close they are to
homelessness, I really don't know. It depends on the strength of those
relationships, and get back into making it.



 What is the Zero: 2016 initiative?



 Yes so it is an effort to end veteran homelessness by 2016. The Obama
administration set forth a plan to end homelessness among veterans in five years
and that timetable is about work. That wasn't going to work. There were never
going to be zero homeless veterans ever.



 In the long run, these political campaigns just suggest that we are not taking
these issues seriously, and if we fail once, can we ever trust the government
again to do something. I am kind of weary of that stuff.



 Homeless veterans: is that a separate issue? Does it require different kinds of
programs?



 Veterans are people too. I think the reason they are segregated is that there
is more political will for funding programs for homeless veterans.



 How did this end up being your specialty?



 A lot of boring reasons. I guess in grad school I just turned to it. But what
keeps me going is that the purpose of life is unconditionally loving other
people, and when it comes to homelessness, these are people that a lot of
horrible things have happened to - break down of family, poverty, job loss,
mental illness, abuse, bad choices - but these are human beings owed
unconditional love from other people. That's got to be our drive. These are the
least empowered people in society. Our solutions have to do a much better job at
providing them the power and the ability to go out and serve others too.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 27, 2007 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Blow the Whistle on Betting Scandals

BYLINE: By JUSTIN WOLFERS.

Justin Wolfers is a professor of business and public policy at the Wharton
School at the University of Pennsylvania.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 977 words


Cambridge, Mass.

NO one should be surprised by the news that federal officials are investigating
whether Tim Donaghy, a referee for the National Basketball Association, bet on
N.B.A. games and may have used his position to manipulate game scores so that he
or his associates could profit from their wagers. David Stern, the commissioner
of the N.B.A., characterized Donaghy as ''an isolated case,'' but this both
misrepresents history and misses the point.

Stern may be correct that Donaghy is the only bad apple in the current crop of
N.B.A. refs, but sports betting scandals are fairly common. They are the result
of persistent economic incentives that can be traced to the structure of sports
gambling markets. And these incentives can be changed.

The activity known as ''point shaving'' gets at the heart of the problem: a
corrupt player or official is rarely asked to throw a game to one team or the
other. Instead he is asked to influence something rather immaterial, like the
winning margin. This is profitable because gamblers typically bet on whether a
team will exceed some point differential -- the ''Vegas Spread'' -- rather than
whether a certain team will win.

Because basketball can be affected significantly by the actions of a single
player, coach or referee, it is extremely susceptible to gambling-related
corruption. But we have seen similar scandals in other sports, including
football, soccer and cricket. The common thread in each case has been the
existence of large-scale betting on immaterial outcomes, like  the point spread,
or how many combined points the two teams will score, or the winner of a
meaningless ''dead rubber'' in cricket, a game that takes place at the end of a
best-of-five series after one team has already won three games. The exception is
the Chicago ''Black Sox'' scandal, when White Sox players threw the  1919 World
Series to the Cincinnati Reds.

To the corrupt participants, point shaving feels like a victimless crime. The
same team, after all, still wins. And this ensures minimal scrutiny of their
actions.

Not all gambling leads as easily to corruption. For instance, if betting were
allowed only on which team would win a game or a series, then corrupt gamblers
would find it much more difficult to get referees or players to cooperate with
them. The Black Sox players are famous precisely because they are rare.

If David Stern wants to reduce gambling-related corruption in the N.B.A., he
should try to find a way to encourage the types of bets that do not promote
corruption. When faced with a betting scandal, a sports league usually hardens
its anti-gambling stance. But that doesn't work. A smarter approach would be to
become more tolerant of some kinds of gambling in an effort  to crowd out the
bets that create incentives for scoreboard manipulation.

That's right: Legalizing wagering on which team wins or loses a particular game,
while banning all bets on immaterial outcomes like point spreads, would destroy
the market for illegal bookmakers and make sporting events less corruptible by
gamblers.

Unfortunately, we're unlikely to see this necessary reform anytime soon. It may
be hard to remember in an era of ubiquitous gambling, but outside Nevada, all
sports betting is illegal in the United States. This gives us the world's
strictest anti-gambling legislation in theory, but in practice it means that
most gambling occurs either in the unregulated underworld or in barely regulated
offshore (but online) jurisdictions.

By plowing through the mountains of data created by sporting events, forensic
economists have uncovered the footprints of this wrongdoing. If point shaving is
occurring, then game outcomes should be especially sensitive to the Vegas
Spread. In a paper published last year, I found that to be the case. Point
shaving may be widespread enough to have occurred in around 1 percent of
N.C.A.A. basketball games. An intriguing undergraduate thesis by a Stanford
economics student, Jonathan Gibbs, suggested that similar forces may be at work
in the N.B.A. The only thing new in the Donaghy scandal is the accusation that a
referee, rather than a player, tried to tweak the score.

We do not yet know the details of the Donaghy case, but I would not be surprised
if investigators are looking into whether he  manipulated the total number of
points scored in games without affecting the winner. A basketball referee has
ample opportunity to influence the number of points scored, or just as
important, whether the clock is ticking. This type of manipulation helps corrupt
gamblers win their ''over/under'' bets, and it probably alters the winner of
very few games.

A more sensible legal framework would reduce this sort of manipulation. Bettors
value regulation: They get paid, their legs don't get broken, and they can talk
about their wagers around the water cooler with no legal risk. The rise of
government-run gambling on horse racing in Australia paralleled the demise of
the country's illegal bookmakers in second half of the 20th century.

The competitive advantage conferred by regulation may also channel problem
gamblers into the legal sector. If policymakers build in sufficient safeguards,
we can direct victims of compulsive gambling into treatment. Instead, today's
problem gamblers are channeled by illegal bookmakers into ever-higher losses,
and their mounting financial pressures sometimes lead to criminal conduct.

Point-shaving is a crime of opportunity, and the opportunity comes from the
structure of sports betting markets. The commissioners of the major sports need
to address these systemic issues. A transparent and well-regulated gambling
sector could easily out-compete the unregulated offshore bookmakers and the
illegal onshore ones. More important, it would reduce the number of betting
scandals we're likely to see in the future.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Grady White)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              537 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 4, 2002 Monday Five Star Lift Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 1339 words


Guns, violence and citizens' rights

The Feb. 28 editorial opposing concealed carry misrepresented both the bill and
the likely consequences.

Concealed carry does not turn a state into Dodge City. Over the past 10 years,
concealed carry has become more popular, yet FBI statistics show v iolent crime
on the decrease. Could there be a connection?

You also misrepresent the pending legislation. It would require all permit
holders to clear both a state and FBI background check, submit fingerprints to
law enforcement agencies, pass a state-approved training course, and meet the
approval of local law enforcement. Violating gun laws, possessing a gun while
intoxicated or brandishing a firearm in a threatening manner would all cost you
your permit.

Also, contrary to the editorial, schools and churches could ban concealed arms
if they so desire. Concealed weapons could be carried onto private property or
into many public facilities only with the consent of the owner/manager. Don't
want guns in your church? Don't give permission.

I would encourage you once again to take a look at states like Vermont,
Tennessee, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia and more than 25 other states that allow
their citizens to exercise their right to self-defense. Concealed carry has not
brought violence to their streets but has had exactly the opposite effect.

Barry Bean

Gideon, Mo.

Let's call it by what it really is -- greed. That's the reason the gun
manufacturers and gun lobby are pushing their well-paid legislators to keep
trying to sneak a concealed carry permit system past Missouri's voters.

Sales of handguns had dropped precipitously for at least three years prior to
the events of 9/11. Then, the unthinkable happens and what does the gun lobby
think? "Great for marketing!"

If gun manufacturers really want to prevent terrorists and other criminals from
committing crimes with guns, they'd work to close the gun show loophole and
equip firearms with the technology to prevent anyone but the gun's legal owner
from firing the weapon.

Instead, they're trying to get scared consumers to arm themselves and thereby
risk their own lives and those of their loved ones. It's obscene!

Jane Fedder Lazaroff

Member, St. Louis Chapter

Million Mom March

West County

Never mind the Second Amendment, which states clearly that I have a right to
bear arms. Never mind the extensive legal scholarship of the 5th Circuit Court
of Appeals, which reaffirmed that this right is applied to individuals just like
all of the other items in the Bill of Rights.

If 52 percent of the people say it's so, then it must be right? If 52 percent of
the people in the St. Louis metro area voted for your editorial staff to jump
into the Mississippi River wearing lead weights, would that make it right, too?

We are all injured when the government strips us of any of our inalienable
rights.

Allen Glosson

Libertarian Party Committeeman

Tesson Ferry Township

South County

Seven pieces of concealed carry legislation are moving through the Missouri
Legislature. And they are moving fast. I just have a few questions for those who
want the new laws.

How will schools, churches, bars or polling places be monitored for people
carrying concealed weapons without permits? Who will pay for security at these
places to check for permits? Do we all want to walk through metal detectors or
be patted down when we walk into our church or favorite pub? Should everyone be
searched at all locations?

Concealed carry is not smart for our state. It is not cost-effective. The money
that would be spent on monitoring every place in our communities for those who
are carrying concealed weapons without permits would be great. Are we willing to
have our taxes raised to pay for this?

Finally, I also have a problem with having my freedoms taken away. I can't
choose to be in a gun-free section anywhere in my community. I can't choose to
be safe from people carrying guns.

Lacey McNary

St. Louis

I see that the Post-Dispatch is once again on a crusade against a concealed
carry law for Missouri citizens. There are three groups of people who have a
legitimate reason to fear a trained, law-abiding, armed citizenry. These groups
are tyrants, criminals and paranoid fools. Into which group does your editorial
staff fall?

E.H. Brubeck

Millstadt

No justification for a wider war

America has every right to protect itself from foreign aggression. That said,
please draw for me a straight line between those who committed the terrorism of
9/11 and the nations of Iran, Iraq and North Korea. Explain why those cowardly
attacks are justification for settling past U.S. foreign policy blunders.

Without a real connection of support to al-Qaida, any American military action
directed at the countries President George W. Bush has labeled "evil" could only
be described as unprovoked aggression.

These nations may be undemocratic, rogue states. They may be developing nuclear
or chemical or biological weapons. But that is not sufficient provocation to
unilaterally take out a sovereign nation. That is not the kind of country
America should be.

Hunt down the remaining members of al-Qaida wherever they may be. Either kill
them or bring them before American courts. Flush out the domestic terrorism
responsible for the anthrax letters.

However, if Bush is serious about eliminating his "Axis of Evil," he is a
warmonger leading America into a terrible and frightening future. And if Bush's
words are simply rhetoric, they are meant to deceive Americans into accepting a
huge, open-ended Defense Department buildup.

Either way, he is playing to the anger, fear and baser instincts of the American
people.

N. Timothy Smith

Webster Groves

An unfair gas tax

The Feb. 27 letter suggesting taxing larger vehicles that get less gas mileage
doesn't make sense. Such a tax would discriminate against larger families who
need the transportation.

If you have six or seven people to transport, what is the difference whether you
use one vehicle that gets only 15-25 miles to the gallon as opposed to using two
vehicles that get 35-50 miles to the gallon?

The main difference is that the taxpayer would pay licensing fees, sales tax and
personal property tax and insurance and upkeep on two vehicles instead of one.

Yes, we do use a lot of gas and gas products in this country. But limiting our
choice of vehicles through unrealistic regulation is not going to solve the
problem. It will put a lot of people out of work and cause needless hardship.

There are a lot of other more logical ways to conserve on energy and energy
costs.

Terrie DeGuire

High Ridge

Drinking and driving

Recently Missouri gained national recognition by having not one, but two cities
leading the nation in drunken driving crashes and fatalities. Kansas City was
ranked second and St. Louis ranked seventh.

We should be proud. If Missourians would only work a little harder by continuing
to support legislators who think there is no harm in driving with open
containers, and if we continue to allow our lawyers the freedom to get drunk
driving charges reduced to careless and imprudent driving convictions, and if we
continue to allow our judges to hand down no jail time for repeat offenders,
maybe we could improve our status and lead the nation in drunk driving
fatalities next year.

Catherine Perrine

St. Charles

Dangerous road

Once again there was a horrendous accident recently on Missouri Highway 30 at
the interchange with Interstate 270.

The intersection is poorly designed with Kennerly and Weber Hill coming into
Highway 30 within a few feet of the ramps for I-270. But that is not the only
contributing factor.

The speed limit east of I-270 on Highway 30 is 45 mph, and west of it the limit
is 60 mph. The Missouri Department of Transportation considers Highway 30 as
rural when obviously it is urban. MODOT needs not only to reconsider additional
warning lights at the intersection but to reduce the speed on Highway 30.

Patricia R. Otto

Sunset Hills

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              538 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                              May 26, 1975, Monday

BYLINE: BY HERBERT TEITELBAUM

SECTION: Page 15, Column 3

LENGTH: 117 words

Herbert Teitelbaum article, recalling '74 ct decision in Aspira v Bd of Educ
case ordering bilingual educ for all Hispanic students with English-language
difficulties, criticizes efforts to misrepresent terms of decree, distort its
purposes and use it as device to polarize groups.  Defends bilingual program as
consistent with aim of graduating schoolchildren fluent in English and as
addressing neglected educ needs of non-English-speaking students.  Holds that
while many Amers do not wish to relinquish their ethnic identity as condition to
enjoying benefits of Amer residence and citizenship, language and cultural
superiority, not bilingual educ, have created and aggravated ethnic tensions.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: Editorial_Comment 14

              Copyright 1975 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              539 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 30, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Intermarriage Challenges Many, Not Few

SECTION: Section A;   Page 22;   Column 5;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 363 words


To the Editor:

Jane E. Brody (Personal Health column, Nov. 23) repeats from the findings of the
survey of sexuality by Chicago-based social scientists that the "melting-pot mix
of ethnic, religious and racial heritages is relatively rare." This
misrepresents the extent of the phenomenon and thereby understates the
challenges that confront people who marry those of other cultures.

According to the results of the City University of New York's National Survey of
Religious Identification, 33 million American adults live in households where at
least one other adult has a different religious identification. This involves
21.8 percent of all the country's multi-adult households. For example, there are
4.8 million mixed Protestant-Catholic and 250,000 Catholic-Jewish households in
the United States. This is hardly a rare phenomenon.

Given the sheer preponderance of Americans who are of white Northern European
descent and Protestant faith, demography alone dictates that the majority of
people would fall in love and marry within a relatively circumscribed band of
choices even if they had chosen partners at random.

The matter is far different for minorities such as America's Jews, who
constitute just a little over 2 percent of the population, and even for
Catholics, who constitute 26 percent.

Among Jews, the incidence of marriage with non-Jews of various other ethnic and
religious backgrounds has increased from under 10 percent prior to 1965 to more
than 50 percent since 1985. Among Catholics the trend has been in the same
upward direction.

Communal and religious institutions that have served a largely homogeneous
population suddenly find themselves confronted with the challenge of
transforming themselves to serve a religiously and ethnically heterogeneous
population or becoming obsolete. In most instances the ability to meet that
challenge requires a lot more than just "a little effort."

EGON MAYER
BARRY KOSMIN
New York, Nov. 23, 1994
The writers are, respectively, director of the Center for Jewish Studies,
Graduate School and University Center, CUNY, and director of the CUNY National
Survey of Religious Identification.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              540 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 21, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Attacking the Drug Problem

SECTION: Section 7; Page 34; Column 3; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 370 words


To the Editor:

I'm pleased that Michael Massing finds my book "provocative" and my analysis of
the root causes of drug abuse in America's cities "convincing." Unfortunately,
Mr. Massing also seriously misrepresents what the book has to say about
strategies for dealing with the drug problem.

It's certainly true that the overarching theme of "Reckoning" is that, as Mr.
Massing quotes me, "in the long run, dealing with America's drug crisis means
attacking the conditions that breed it." It is not true, however, that I
"dismiss" treatment and prevention programs as "palliatives," putting all of my
eggs in the basket of broader social policies that Mr. Massing -- rather
curiously -- regards as "utopian."

On this point, my book is emphatic and explicit: "To say that it is time to
seriously address causes is not to say we should do nothing else." The book
calls for increasing resources for community-based strategies to reach at-risk
adolescents, comprehensive treatment programs for addicted women and community
policing. It proposes linking treatment more firmly with job training and other
social services, offering serious help to addicted prisoners and much else. I
argue that these efforts are important and that we should support them. I also
argue that they won't solve the drug problem by themselves.

I do indeed say that we shouldn't simply throw money at existing treatment or
prevention programs as if we had money to burn; that we need to take a much
tougher-minded look at what actually works, and for whom, and to insist on more
hardheaded standards of evaluation and accountability. As Mr. Massing himself
points out, our resources are not infinite; subjecting drug programs to the same
kind of careful scrutiny we routinely apply to other public programs seems only
common sense -- and I think most serious students of the drug problem would
agree. But it is a far cry from rejecting the potential of treatment and
prevention altogether.

ELLIOTT CURRIE
Berkeley, Calif.

Michael Massing replies:

My review -- which praised Mr. Currie's book -- stated that he dismisses
conventional treatment and prevention programs. As is clear from his letter, he
does.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              541 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 18, 1998, Tuesday, THREE STAR EDITION

MCIVER DENIES PAYMENT REPORT

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. C2

LENGTH: 360 words


In his first public comments since his neck was cut, Dallas Cowboys offensive
lineman Everett McIver denied having been paid - or even asked - to remain
silent about the injury and didn't say whether Michael Irvin was involved.

"I have not received any payments, from anyone, in return for my silence as has
been inaccurately alleged," McIver said in a statement. "I have not been asked
to withhold any information or testimony or to misrepresent any of the facts of
the incident."

McIver released the statement through the team Monday.

Several reports, all citing anonymous sources, have said Irvin cut McIver with a
pair of scissors during a scuffle over a haircut in a training camp dormitory.

On Aug. 9, The Dallas Morning News reported that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones
brokered a deal in which Irvin would pay McIver in the high six figures to stay
quiet about what happened. Jones and Irvin have strongly denied striking a deal.

* Jets trade Hansen: Punter Brian Hansen, entering his 14th NFL season, was
traded by the New York Jets to Green Bay on Monday for undisclosed
considerations.

Hansen, who spent the past four seasons with the Jets, also has kicked for New
Orleans, New England and Cleveland.

Hansen was traded because Jets coach Bill Parcells liked what he saw of Nick
Gallery, a first-year free agent from Iowa who has averaged 46.8 yards a punt
during the preseason.

* Alstott gets 6-year extension: The Tampa Bay Buccaneers signed fullback Mike
Alstott to a new six-year contract extension.

Alstott, 24, rushed for 665 yards and a team-high seven touchdowns on 176
carries last season, his second in the National Football League.

* Dolphins waive Timpson: The Miami Dolphins waived wide receiver Michael
Timpson and defensive end Mike Chalenski, the team said.

Timpson, 31, had 42 catches for 484 yards and two touchdowns in 15 games,
including 10 starts, for the Philadelphia Eagles last season. He signed a
one-year contract with Miami on July 27.

Chalenski, 28, had five tackles in eight games with Miami last season. He
re-signed with the Dolphins on March 23, receiving a one-year contract.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              542 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           October 25, 2006 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Behlen CEO answers Ricketts' 'half-truths and distortions'

BYLINE: DON WALTON, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Tony Raimondo personally responds to Pete Ricketts' allegations about a special
interest connection with Sen. Ben Nelson in new Senate TV ads launched Tuesday
evening.

Ricketts has used "half-truths and distortions" to smear his company, says the
chairman and CEO of Behlen Manufacturing Co. in Columbus.

"As a lifelong Republican, I'm surprised Pete Ricketts would smear our company's
good name and misrepresent Ben Nelson's good record," Raimondo says in the
Nelson campaign commercial. "Pete Ricketts continues to lose his credibility.

"Ben Nelson is a man of integrity, and he always puts Nebraska first."

Behlen employs 750 "hard-working Nebraskans," Raimondo says in the ad.

The Ricketts campaign is airing a TV commercial suggesting a relationship
between Nelson and Behlen that is financially beneficial for both.

"While Nebraskans paid Ben Nelson's Senate salary, he personally accepted tens
of thousands of dollars in director's fees from Behlen Manufacturing," the
Ricketts ad states.

"Nelson used Behlen's corporate plane to campaign and took thousands in
contributions from their executives and accepted trips to luxurious vacation
spots.

"What did Behlen get? Nearly two million dollars in government contracts."

The TV ad followed on the heels of an allegation by Ricketts during a Senate
debate in Scottsbluff last week that Nelson was on the board of a company
accused of groundwater pollution in Nebraska.

Later, Ricketts sent a letter to the Democratic senator accusing him of
violating Senate ethics rules by accepting director's fees from Behlen.

Nelson has said the $59,460 in director's fees reported on his 2001 financial
disclosure report was paid to him in 2000, before he was elected to the Senate.

The Democratic senator said he no longer was a member of the board of directors
but sat on Behlen's board of advisors.

While the two Senate campaigns duel over the Behlen connection in competing ads,
the Ricketts campaign also is airing a positive ad that doesn't mention Nelson.

"Wait, don't touch that clicker," Ricketts says in the commercial. "You're tired
of political ads. I'm tired of buying them."

Ricketts says he's "spent many nights away from my family talking to families
about high taxes," to seniors about health care, to farmers and ranchers who
want an end to the federal estate tax.

"People are frustrated with politicians and special interests," he says. "That's
why I personally funded my campaign so I'll answer to you. Not them."

If you want change in Washington, Ricketts says in the ad, "you got to change
the people there."

Reach Don Walton at 473-7248 or dwalton@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          September 13, 2006 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Davis apologizes for vote

BYLINE: ALEX LEARY; TAMARA LUSH

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1026 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


U.S. Rep. Jim Davis apologized and said he made a mistake 16 years ago when he
voted not to compensate two wrongfully convicted black men who served 12 years
in prison on murder charges.

"If you're looking for the perfect candidate, it's not me," the Democratic
nominee for governor said Tuesday during a news conference in Miami, while
seated next to the two men.

The apology came after Davis was criticized for the vote, made while he
represented Tampa in the state Legislature, during his primary campaign. One
critic was U.S. Rep. Alcee Hastings, D-Miramar, who told Davis he would have
problems gaining support in Florida's black community unless he confronted the
issue.

Davis had previously said that there was not enough evidence to support payment
and that the vote was being used to misrepresent his overall standing on civil
rights.

Freddie Pitts and Wilbert Lee were convicted of the 1963 murders of two white
service station attendants in Port St. Joe, a rural North Florida town. They
were pardoned in 1975 after Gov. Reubin Askew said there was substantial doubt
about their guilt. Another man confessed to the murders but was never formally
charged.

Lawmakers first tried to get compensation for Pitts and Lee in 1979 and
continued to try year after year thereafter. In 1990, the issue came before
Davis and the rest of the House claims committee. The vote was 6-4 against
restitution and did not split along party or geographical lines. But it left a
roomful of bitter feelings.

"How in the world could I have voted against this?" Davis asked Tuesday. He
answered his own question, saying as a lawyer, he viewed the case in too
technical terms.

In the Democratic primary against Rod Smith, Davis' vote was the subject of a
barrage of radio and mail attacks financed by Florida sugar companies. During
their only televised debate, Smith pointedly told Davis, "You are the reason
that justice has been denied."

As the days went on, Davis came under increasing pressure to say something
beyond there was "not enough evidence," a response that struck some as too
lawyer-like, not from the heart. Davis made the rounds at black churches in
South Florida on the Sunday before the election and came close to admitting a
mistake, saying he would re-read the case file.

Davis said Tuesday he realized that he should have voted to give the men
compensation. "I am determined to learn from my mistake," he said.

Still, he would not say whether he would try to change the state's claims bill
procedure if elected governor. Currently, people who are wronged by state
agencies must seek legislative approval for compensation. Few claims bills have
passed in recent years, and lawmakers say it is in part because personal injury
lawyers and lobbyists receive much of the settlement.

"There are way too many politics in this process," Davis said. "I am not here to
offer changes to the claims bills process, but it is broken."

On Tuesday, as Miami's black community leaders looked on, Pitts and Lee said
they accepted Davis' apology and said they would support his candidacy.

"It takes a good person to stand up and admit that he made a mistake," said Lee,
who is now 70.

Pitts, who is 62, said he was impressed when Davis called him during the primary
and apologized that the case was back in the media - even though it was Smith
who raised the issue.

Former U.S. Rep. Carrie Meek of Miami also threw her support behind Davis,
saying that he has a good record of voting for issues that support the black
community.

"This man has never turned against us," she said.

Pitts and Lee received compensation in 1998. They were given $500,000 each for
the 12 years they spent in prison, nine on death row. Charlie Crist - the
Republican nominee for governor -- was then a state senator from St. Petersburg.
He co-sponsored the legislation that allowed the men to be compensated.

This is not the first time Davis has faced questions about his vote. In his
successful 1996 run for Congress, opponent Sandy Freedman, the former mayor of
Tampa, ran radio ads about the vote. Davis said then that he stood by his
decision.

Reaction to Davis' apology was positive in some political circles.

"It was the right thing to do," said state Rep. Chris Smith of Fort Lauderdale,
a possible lieutenant governor pick for Davis (the decision will be made by
Thursday).

"It will go a long way in the African-American community but also a long way in
the general community because you have a politician saying, 'I made a mistake, I
made a bad vote.' That's refreshing to everyone."

Rep. Curtis Richardson of Tallahassee, who also is black and a Davis supporter,
said Davis was sincere in his apology.

"When you make a vote, you make it based on the best information you had
available at the time. I can't imagine, knowing Jim Davis like I do, that his
vote would be with any malice or discrimination or bigotry at all. I'm sure he
truly felt he was making the appropriate vote at the time."

A spokesman for Crist, however, said politics motivated Davis to change his
stance.

"We are glad that the polls reminded him of his deeply held convictions," said
George LeMieux, Crist's chief of staff. "This is one of the clear differences in
this race - Charlie Crist has a proven record of fighting for civil rights."

Alex Leary can be reached at aleary@sptimes.com or 850-224-7263.

THE ISSUE

Freddie Pitts and Wilbert Lee were twice convicted of killing two white service
station attendants in North Florida in 1963. They were imprisoned for 12 years,
nine on death row, before being pardoned in 1975 by Gov. Reubin Askew.

The Miami men originally pleaded guilty to the killings, but said they were
beaten and threatened. Another man later confessed. The first conviction of
Pitts and Lee was overturned, but they were convicted again by an all-white
jury.

Beginning in 1979, advocates tried to get compensation for the men by appealing
to the Legislature. But the effort failed each time, including in 1990 when the
bill went before Jim Davis, now a Democratic candidate for governor, and other
members of a state House committee. That bill was co-sponsored by Davis'
Republican opponent, then state Sen. Charlie Crist.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ASSOCIATED PRESS; PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 29, 1991, Sunday

FTC serves notice to lenders about honesty in interest rates

BYLINE: Kenneth T. Harneyhousing; finances; government; regulations;
negotiations; violations

SECTION: HOMEFINDER; SECTION H; PAGE 14

LENGTH: 282 words


WASHINGTON - In a new crackdown on mortgage bankers who allegedly misrepresent
interest rates to applicant homebuyers, the Federal Trade Commission has
obtained an agreement from a lender to refund $ 200,000 to its customers - with
individual cash settlements as high as $ 9,000.

The FTC's consent agreement is with Excell Mortgage Corp., an Englewood Cliffs,
N.J.-based mortgage banking and brokerage firm.

The nationwide significance of the consent agreement, according to
consumer-finance experts, is that it sends a message to lenders in every market:
Federal investigators aggressively plan to rein in alleged "truth- in-lending"
violators, and want homebuyers and refinancers who suspect they are victims of
discount-rate disclosure scams to contact the FTC.

The complaint against Excell alleges that the company gave its borrowers "annual
percentage rate," finance charge and payment schedule estimates that understated
the true charges.

The FTC's charges against Excell highlight a consumer protection that borrowe rs
commonly ignore: the federally mandated truth-in-lending disclosure forms handed
out during the loan application and closing procedures.

Get familiar with the features of your loan covered by federal disclosure rules.
Then question the lender about them if you have any uncertainties about the
computations or how they were derived.

If you suspect you're the victim of a truth-in-lending violation by your lender,
you or your attorney can contact the FTC's Division of Credit Practices, Sixth &
Pennsylvania Avenue N.W., Washington D.C. 20580.

Kenneth R. Harney is a syndicated columnist who writes about national real
estate issues.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              545 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 21, 1988, Tuesday

BOTH SIDES CLAIM VICTORY IN TOBACCO SUIT

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


The landmark Cipollone cigarette liability case boiled down to a few key
questions, not all of which got definitive answers.

The question asked by the cigarette makers was: Should a company really be
forced to pay money because a smoker contracted lung cancer when she knew eople
were saying cigarettes were dangerous?

Lawyers for Rose Cipollone, who died in 1984 at 58 after four decades of
smoking, put it another way: Shouldn't the makers of her cigarettes - just like
any other company - be held responsible for their actions in making a
potentially dangerous product?

And the 4 1/2-month trial, which ended a week ago Monday with the nation's first
liability finding against the industry, posed a broader question: Is the
courtroom the place to change public policy?

The jury cleared Liggett Group Inc., Lorillard Inc. and Philip Morris Inc. of
conspiring to misrepresent the dangers of smoking.

But it granted $ 400,000 to Antonio Cipollone in finding that Liggett, which
made the cigarettes his wife smoked before warning labels were put on packs in
1966, violated advertising promises that its products were safe.

The jury also partly found against Liggett on a failure-to-warn claim,
determining the company should have told consumers of smoking's risks before
1966, that the omission contributed to Mrs. Cipollone's smoking and that the smo
king contributed to her death.

Yet the panel said Mrs. Cipollone was mostly responsible for her injuries and
thus not entitled to damages.

Aside from the industry's exoneration on the fraud conspiracy claim, company
lawyers said they essentially won the case because the jury found Mrs. Cipollone
responsible for her injuries, supporting the classic industry argument that
smokers make an independent, intelligent choice to smoke.

But Mr. Cipollone's lawyers said the verdict supported the charge that smoking
causes cancer - which the industry denies has been proven - and that actions by
a cigarette maker can be blamed for a smoker's disease.

Industry victory proclamations caused some skepticism in anti-smoking ranks.

To me, it seems like the captain of the Titanic saying, 'Just a little ice,
folks,' said Don Davis, an Austin, Texas, lawyer whose firm handles cigarette
liability cases.

Both sides promised an appeal. They have until June 29 to file post-trial
motions with U.S. District Judge H. Lee Sarokin, with oral arguments expected
toward the end of July.

Anti-smoking advocates see liability cases as a way of reducing the number of
smokers, raising the price of cigarettes through mounting industry legal bills
and drumming up public opinion against cigarettes. But others don't see that as
the role of the courts.

A jury rules in favor of a plaintiff or defendant, but doesn't rule on the issue
involved, said Boris Yavitz, a Columbia University business school professor
with a chair in business ethics.

Consensus on rules of a society should be reached first through public debate
and the actions of elected officials, and the courts should then enforce
compliance with what is decided, in Mr. Yavitz' view.

But the courts have often been put to good use for important causes, said John
F. Banzhaf, a George Washington University law professor and anti-smoking
activist.

Environmental protection and rights for minorities, prisoners and women have
been won and maintained in courtrooms, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              546 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 8, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Mother of Slain Drug Suspect May Collect on Life Insurance

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 14, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 178 words


The mother of a murdered man suspected of dealing drugs may collect her son's
$200,000 life insurance policy, even though he told the underwriter he was
employed in marketing, a judge ruled in Manhattan on Tuesday.

The judge, Justice Kenneth Shorter of State Supreme Court, ruled that Alan L.
Peckman, 31 years old, of Lloyd Harbor, L.I., did not misrepresent his
occupation when he applied for a life insurance policy with Mutual Life
Insurance Company of New York in 1980.

''Webster's dictionary defines marketing as 'the act or business of buying or
selling in the market,' '' Justice Shorter said. ''This definition clearly
encompasses the applicant's alleged pursuit of drug dealing.''

Mr. Peckman's skeletal remains were found in an old steamer trunk on Aug. 5,
1981, along the Grand Central Parkway in Fresh Meadows, Queens. He had been shot
in the head.  Mr. Peckman's mother, Loretta, of Sunrise, Fla., was the
beneficiary of his policy, and she applied to collect.

The insurance company refused to pay, saying Mr. Peckman lied about his
occupation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              547 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

GOING THE AIRBNB ROUTE;
WITH MILLIONS  OF LISTINGS, THIS ALTERNATIVE TO HOTELS HAS ITS UPS, DOWNS

BYLINE: Virginia Linn, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 1129 words


Forty million guests, 34,000 cities, 1,400 castles and 190 countries.

These are the latest stats for Airbnb, the sharing lodging site founded in 2008
that now has 1.5 million listings worldwide, including hundreds in Pittsburgh.

It looks like the $25 billion service is here to stay, at least until something
more innovative comes along to provide alternatives to the traditional hotel
industry.

For many travelers - and not just those in their 20s or 30s - Airbnb is
providing more choices, particularly in expensive cities or communities where
there is a dearth of affordable hotel rooms. And now the service is reaching out
to business travelers to make it easier for them to find home-like
accommodations while on the road.

I've stayed in five Airbnbs - from Providence, R.I., to Orlando, Fla., to New
York City to Paris to Berlin - and for the most part the experiences have been
positive. I particularly welcomed the chance of short-term stays in full
apartments with family or friends instead of in cramped, overpriced hotel rooms.

That's not to say there haven't been horror stories reported with the service,
like the incident in July in which a 19-year-old Massachusetts man was held
captive and sexually molested by his Airbnb host in Madrid. And various websites
- airbnbhell.com, Trustpilot or Quora - abound with stories of absent hosts,
last-minute cancellations, filthy rooms, apartment doors that don't lock and
profile descriptions that misrepresent the place. On the flip side, hosts have
found their homes wrecked by disruptive guests or personal items stolen.

The New York full apartment we booked had a great location near Times Square and
its room photos depicted the place fairly accurately (it was clean and had
strong Wi-Fi), yet our stay was disrupted by a ridiculously loud party thrown in
an apartment next door - the pounding music didn't end until 3:30 a.m.

We loved our large, two-bedroom apartment in Berlin in August, which was airy
and modern and footsteps from a U-Bahn stop. What the profile didn't mention was
that it overlooked a cemetery; that didn't bother us, but it could have spooked
others.

Guests can have bad experiences in hotels, too. I've stayed in a pricey boutique
hotel in New York City that was infested with bedbugs and a historic resort in
Central Pennsylvania that charged 5-star prices but delivered 2-star service.

Clearly you've got to be an intrepid traveler to give Airbnb a go. My
20-something kids are frequent users of the service and haven't yet had any
problems, but I always hold my breath when I click the button to book a place.

I do get a thrill when it turns out to be a gem. I was delighted with the
breakfast of homemade granola, yogurt, fruit and French-press coffee that Susan
prepared each morning during my stay near Orlando. She had a lovely designer's
home full of modern artwork, and I had a whole wing of the house to myself. She
and her Scottish husband, empty nesters, opened up their home to Airbnb
travelers because they loved meeting interesting people and had hosted guests
from New Zealand to Nova Scotia. It was $77 a night (plus cleaning and booking
fees) instead of the $240 I would have paid for a hotel in the same
neighborhood.

Then there was Marc, the host of our lovely and meticulously clean Paris
apartment this past August, who spent a half-hour explaining the neighborhood
and all the local sites. He even arranged a cab for us for our early-morning
departure the day we left.

I first tried Airbnb in Providence a couple of years ago to visit my children at
college after getting fed up with the expensive lodging. The city has a tight
downtown like Pittsburgh's and even the cheapest room - with fees and taxes -
tops $200 a night.

I found Prachie's place for $70 a night - a bedroom with private half-bath in a
duplex along a 1.6-mile linear park perfect for my morning jogs. Prachie had
been a doctor who quit after two years to study art; her husband was a composer.
Hence the need to rent out one of their empty bedrooms. They made me feel
welcome and the stay overall was what I needed - something affordable and where
I wanted it.

An important caution is that Airbnb does not do background checks on users -
whether hosts or the guests. Airbnb did not make any official available for
comment or questions, but on its website the company believes it has put in
place checks and balances in the form of reviews and verified ID and customer
profiles.

Like other sites in the sharing economy, guests rate the host and the host rates
the guest. A writer for Business Insider recently complained that because the
reviews are not anonymous, she thought guests felt pressured to write just
positive reviews because they also would be evaluated by their hosts and they
didn't want to be rejected by future hosts. (Each host accepts a booking after
reviewing the request made by an Airbnb member.)

Indeed, a spot check of reviews of Airbnb bookings shows mostly glowing
descriptions. "The property was exactly as described and in the pictures.
Perfect location, close to many amenities and yet in a quiet location away from
any hustle and bustle." "Gorgeous apartment even better than description."
"Lovely place would stay again!"

In explaining its review policy, Airbnb writes: "Our community is built on
trust, and trust comes from honest conversation. Therefore, we ask for reviews
that are truthful, clear and helpful to both the review's recipient and the
wider Airbnb community. ... We strongly discourage personal insults, opinion
that's not backed up by examples, or generally unsociable behavior."

It doesn't censor, it says, but "we may take the extraordinary step of
disallowing or removing reviews or review responses. We reserve the right to
remove reviews that violate review guidelines."

In July 2014, Airbnb made a change to its review policy, in which reviews are
revealed to the hosts and guests simultaneously. It also offers a place for
private messages so guests can share any concerns about their stay.

So how do you know whether you're getting a great place or a dud? Like anything,
travelers should do their homework on each booking. George Hobica, founder of
the website Airfarewatchdog.com, recommends talking to your host extensively
before you arrive and ask a lot of questions.

"It's just like online dating: If you get a queasy feeling, back out."

As lawyer Antone Johnson noted in his comment on Quora a few years ago, "There's
nothing about the online world that makes it magically immune to the kinds of
horrible things people do to each other offline."

Airbnb is not for everyone, and for all the positives, there will be negatives,
as in every vacation experience. But it does provide travelers with more choices
on where they stay and how they spend their money.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Virginia Linn: vlinn@post-gazette.com, 412-263-1662

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pam Panchak/Post-Gazette: Kate and Nik Stoltzfus, pictured here
in July 2014, are among the hundreds of Pittsburghers who use Airbnb to rent out
rooms, apartments or homes. They rent out a mother-in-law apartment in Garfield
and screen potential guests carefully.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              548 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         May 15, 1995 Monday 2D EDITION

Have computers changed the ethics of reporting news?

BYLINE: Joanne Ostrow, TV-Radio

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. F-01

LENGTH: 564 words


In newsrooms around the country, there's a new twist on an old debate. Are the
rules of reporting different online?

Is snooping via computer any different than with pad and pencil?

"Stings" are nothing new, but they're easier to set up via modem. And maybe a
little sneakier.

Journalistic debates are moving into cyberspace with a vintage refrain: Is it
ever appropriate to lie to get the truth?

Journalists used to agree that it was unethical to misrepresent oneself.
Remember Woodward and Bernstein announcing themselves as Washington Post
reporters through every step of the Watergate investigation?

Slowly, journalists fell away from that approach. Reporters began posing as
customers, requesting everything from car tuneups to chiropractic, and the
"stings" were on. Lots of unscrupulous practices came to light that way.

Now, they're newsgathering the high-tech way and "posing" is easier than ever.

Locally, KUSA News Director Dave Lougee is all too familiar with this issue. It
took Lougee a week to decide to carry the story from a Miami TV station
concerning the tragic case of former Denver Post Marketing Vice President Ken
Calhoun, caught in a sting as a result of on-line sexual discussions leading to
a meeting with a person who portrayed himself as a minor.

The WPOG-TV story presented "a unique issue for us," according to Lougee. For
starters, it is highly unusual for a station to run a secondhand sting, an
investigative story not its own.

After lengthy discussions with the Miami news director, Lougee decided that "we
didn't have a right not to run it." KUSA's lawyers found no legal problems and,
according to Lougee, "the issue is not an isolated one, the issue of kids in
sexual discussions on-line is very real."

The debate continues elsewhere. At Channel 7, a reporter and producer had nailed
a story regarding two pedophiles who surf the info highway in search of young
girls. They had finished the research and taping five months ago. In the end, an
attorney for McGraw-Hill in New York advised against it.

Legally, the story made him nervous. Increasingly, broadcasters are losing
lawsuits in such cases. Apparently, it is very hard for a TV station to win a
libel suit; it is relatively easy for an individual to win a trespass and
privacy suit.

The sex-and-kids on-line story is all too common. Early this year, a station in
New Orleans conducted a similar sting. A reporter for WDSU-TV posed on-line as a
13-year-old boy. He was "hit on" with sexually suggestive messages within five
minutes. On-camera stings eventually netted the organist at a large Catholic
church in Baton Rouge and the No. 1 morning-drive disc jockey in Tupelo, Miss.
The ratings "spiked."

Journalists can easily do stories about the hazards of on-line services. But
they know that, for ratings purposes, the sting is the thing.

And that brings us back to the issue of lying in order to get a story. The most
dramatic "stings" can only be gotten that way. Does the public service outweigh
the ethical compromise?

"Misrepresentation as a form of investigative journalism is like the issue of
the hidden camera," Lougee said. "It should be the last resort. Both are
appropriate in some cases, where it's the only way to prove a point."

The legality may be debated for years, but for now, the public service argument
seems to be winning in most newsrooms.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             August 28, 2015 Friday

SECTION: CC STATE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 461 words


Planned Parenthood defends practices

LOS ANGELES -- Planned Parenthood Federation of America defended its practices
Thursday in a lengthy letter to congressional leaders and included a report by
experts it hired who found undercover videos of officials discussing fetal
tissue for research were heavily altered by anti-abortion activists. The report
supports the organization's claims that the secretly recorded videos were
distorted to misrepresent conversations employees had with anti-abortion
activists posing as biomedical company employees interested in buying fetal
tissue, Planned Parenthood said. "It's increasingly clear that this attack on
Planned Parenthood is a fraud based on a web of lies and deception," Executive
Vice President Dawn Laguens told reporters.

Louisiana police deaths on the rise

BATON ROUGE, La.  -- Police badges in Louisiana are banded with black ribbons
more than usual this year, a grim reminder that officer deaths are on the rise
with two killings just this week alone. Louisiana has had more job-related
police fatalities in 2015 than any other state but Texas, with nine on-duty
deaths in each state, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers
Memorial Fund. Law enforcers are weary of what they call "the end of the watch."

--The Associated Press

Texas AG pleads not guilty to fraud

FORT WORTH, Texas -- Texas attorney general Ken Paxton pleaded not guilty to
securities fraud charges Thursday during a hearing in which he asked the judge
to bar cameras from future proceedings and his high-powered lawyer resigned.
Texas' top law enforcement officer, who says he will not resign from the office
he assumed in January, didn't comment as he left the Fort Worth courthouse with
his wife after the hearing. Tea party activists who came in support called
Paxton the victim of political conspiracy, while Democrats accused him of
demanding special treatment.Paxton is charged with two counts of securities
fraud over allegations that he deceived investors in a tech startup that
compensated him for reeling in new shareholders.

Californians cut water without fines

FRESNO, Calif.  -- For the second straight month, Californians exceeded hefty
water conservation mandates during the relentless drought without the state
imposing fines, officials said Thursday. Cities cut water use by a combined 31
percent in July, exceeding the governor's statewide conservation mandate of 25
percent, the State Water Resources Control Board reported. The figure surpassed
the June figure of 27 percent savings despite hot summer temperatures. The
strong figures show California residents are beginning to understand the dire
need to cut back in the fourth year of the drought, said Felicia Marcus, chair
of the water board.

-- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          December 17, 2003 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


TEENS NEED WEB SITE

Michelle Malkin's column, "Planned Parenthood shows its predatory nature" (LJS,
Dec. 7) utterly and irresponsibly misrepresents Planned Parenthood and
www.teenwire.com, our award-winning health Web site for young people.

Planned Parenthood, the medical community and the majority of Americans agree
that young people need medically accurate, age-appropriate health information.
We are tragically behind other developed nations in making sure our young people
have the information and services they need to prevent pregnancy and protect
their health.  Planned Parenthood programs and publications, including
www.teenwire.com, teach teens about lifelong responsible decision-making by
offering information about abstinence, birth control and disease prevention.

Information that is wrong, too little or too late can have long-term and
life-threatening consequences.

Malkin also falsely accuses Planned Parenthood of "subverting parents."

Planned Parenthood's medically accurate information and programs support and
strengthen parent-teen communications.  Planned Parenthood provides parents
educational programs and resources to enhance their role as the primary sex
educators of their children, as well as offering teens skills in communicating
with their parents and information about their health.

Unfortunately, some families are not able to communicate. Friends and TV are not
where young people should get information. Teens need a responsible source to
turn to in confidence and with confidence.

Chris Funk, President/CEO, Planned Parenthood of Nebraska & Council
BluffsLincoln

KIDS ON BUS NEED BELTS

After the recent school bus accident in Raymond, it came to light there were no
seat belts in the bus.

Governors get seat belts; mayors get seat belts. Nebraska coaches and players
get seat belts; drivers of school buses get seat belts. If drivers don't wear
seat belts, they get fined. Then why don't kids ages 6 to 11 get seat belts!

Cynthia McCune, Lincoln

SEPARATE CHURCH, STATE

The Supreme Court ruled last year that states may provide tax funds to religious
schools through the use of vouchers.

Thirty-seven states have constitutions that prohibit the use of public money for
use in religious instruction. Vouchers are prohibited in these states. A student
in Washington state was denied a scholarship to study for the ministry. He filed
suit, and the Supreme Court recently heard the case. If he prevails, all of the
state constitutions will be null and void on the issue of providing tax money to
any student who wishes to attend any religious school.

This would be a massive crack in the wall separating church and state in the
United States. All of us would pay for any religious school any student wanted
to attend. It would take us closer to permitting religion to abridge our
freedoms. Churches with large memberships and similar theologies could combine
and move us strongly toward religious control of the national government, in
short toward a theocracy. This is attested to by the emergence of the religious
right in our country. They clearly would impose laws of their liking on us.
Religious governments throughout the world have destroyed the kinds of freedoms
we enjoy.

James C. Kimberly, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 25, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Copyright lesson for kids angers Napster fans, legal experts

BYLINE: Will Rodger

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 638 words


A Web site financed by the Justice Department and the recording
industry to teach children cyber-ethics is being accused of pushing
anti-Napster propaganda.

Critics say that although the site, www.cybercitizenship.org,
is supposed to teach children not to break copyright and other
laws on the Net, it understates the rights consumers may have
with online technologies such as Napster, a popular song-sharing
service.

In a section titled "What is cyber crime?" the Web site originally
declared: "Recently, tools have surfaced that allow Web users
to download and save music from the Internet for free -- music
that is copyrighted by artists and sold in stores. Taking tracks
from the Internet is no different from stealing a CD or tape from
a music store."


After inquiries late last week by USA TODAY, Justice Department
officials toned down the language.

But critics say the site still misrepresents consumers' rights.

American University law professor Peter Jaszi, the Consumer Electronics
Association and the Computer and Communications Industry Association
all say they want to negotiate changes with the Justice Department
or the Information Technology Association of America (ITAA), which
administers the site under a government grant.

Gary Shapiro, president of the Consumer Electronics Association,
which filed a court brief backing Napster in its fight against
the recording industry, says: "I'm offended the DOJ would fund
a Web site which is telling millions of Americans they are committing
a crime when they are not. This is wishful thinking by the (music
industry). The fact is, my son is not a criminal; 20 million Napster
users are not criminals."

The site opened Sept. 5 as a joint effort of the ITAA, the Justice
Department, the recording industry and eight other organizations.
Organizers want to teach children to obey laws on the Internet
as part of a larger White House effort to secure the nation's
infrastructure.

Consumer activists and even many industry groups say the anti-copying
warning is unfair because lawsuits testing the legality of music-copying
technologies are awaiting federal rulings.

The updated wording on the site says: "Most of us know that we
should not go into a store and take CDs or software without permission.
It is just as wrong, however, to take music or software off the
Internet without permission. It is important that we teach our
kids that they should not download pirated or counterfeit music,
software, or other copyrighted works."

Jaszi, who favors broad consumer rights on the Internet, says
the site brings confusion to a difficult topic.

He says there is no law that forces all consumers to get artists'
permission before they make copies of their music. Furthermore,
he says, consumers may quote or "sample" parts of recordings
without legal consequences. Add to that the uncertainty over how
laws that permit consumers to tape at home apply to the Internet,
and you have a legal issue that resists simple answers, he says.

"If I were writing such a thing, it would say copyright owners
have important rights, and users have important privileges in
the copyright system," Jaszi says. "It is important for users
to understand the nature of the copyright system."

The latest language, Jaszi says, is an improvement over what was
on the site before, which appeared to condemn all sharing of copyrighted
music.

Even though the Justice Department wrote the latest version, officials
declined comment.

"We think you should talk to the (ITAA) about any other changes,"
spokeswoman Dana Hanson said Friday.

ITAA spokeswoman Tinabeth Burton says her organization is weighing
the proposal to negotiate further changes in the site.

E-mail wrodger@usatoday.com



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              552 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 10, 1983, Tuesday, Final Edition

Anti-Garvey Feelings: Nothing Was Binding

BYLINE: Byron Rosen

SECTION: Sports; FanFare; D2

LENGTH: 191 words


An NFL Players Association official says San Francisco 49ers player
representative Keith Fahnhorst misrepresents the situation in saying three
player reps disregarded their teammates' wishes by voting to retain Ed Garvey as
the union's executive director.

According to Frank Woschitz, NFLPA public relations director, "The player
representatives from Denver, Buffalo and Atlanta came down to Florida (NFLPA
meeting last week) and voted their own decisions after a review of everything
that went on." There may have been some anti-Garvey votes on those teams near
the end of last season, but nothing formal or binding, Woschitz told The
Washington Post.

Louis Wright, Broncos' player rep who was one of the 20 for Garvey (of 27
voting), tempers Fahnhorst's claim. Wright says, "It wasn't the case that a
majority of players in Denver wanted Garvey out. There were a few guys who
didn't like him but there were some that did, too" . . .

Mark Duda, Maryland's all-ACC defensive tackle, has signed with the NFL St.
Louis Cardinals, who drafted him on Round 4 . . . Fullback Dave D'Addio and DT
Pete Koch will captain the 1983 Terrapins.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              553 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 27, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Where It's Working

SECTION: Section 4; Page 10; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 330 words


To the Editor:

Contrary to what David Himmelstein and Steffie Woolhandler would have us believe
(letter, Dec. 10), managed competition in health care is being put to work
successfully in communities around the country by local employers acting
together.

These employers are using their market power to control rising health care
costs. They insist on information on comparative prices and quality of doctors
and hospitals. They use those that deliver the best values in care. They are
also developing an electronic network to cut administrative costs and to
exchange information.

Arguing for a single-payer national health plan, Dr. Himmelstein and Dr.
Woolhandler misrepresent polls that show overwhelming support for some national
solution, but uncertainty over its form. Americans would willingly pay little in
additional taxes to support a public system.

We ought to listen to Canada's provincial health ministers and hospital
administrators, who are alarmed that their system is falling apart financially
and needs major reform. The global budgets Dr. Himmelstein and Dr. Woolhandler
propose are not controlling spending in other countries, and will not eliminate
the greatest source of waste in health care: inefficient and inappropriate care.

In communities where employers started early on market-based reforms -- central
Florida, Denver and Memphis -- they are transforming the marketplace into one
based on quality and cost-effectiveness. Far from leaving our care in the hands
of faceless corporate entities, as the two doctors charge, the integrated
delivery systems that often emerge can provide higher quality care for a broader
range of health needs than is available anywhere in the world.

Insurance companies won't run managed care. Those who pay for it will, and they
have formed a bona fide grass-roots movement, working to do just that.

SEAN SULLIVAN
President, National Business
Coalition Forum on Health
Washington, Dec. 15, 1992

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              554 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 20, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK DAY BY DAY

BYLINE: By Laurie Johnston and Susan Heller Anderson

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 208 words


A Legal Opinion on Love

''A n expression of love is more in the nature of an opinion than a statement of
fact,'' says a new ruling in State Supreme Court in Manhattan.

Justice Alan Murray Myers ruled last week that Thibaut de Saint Phalle did not
necessarily ''misrepresent material fact'' when he told his wife, Elene, that he
still loved her in 1971. She had charged fraud, saying he only told her so to
''lure'' her to Switzerland, where he first filed for divorce.

It was the latest decision in the couple's divorce case, in and out of courts in
Switzerland, New Jersey and New York for 11 of the 18 years since they married.

Mr. de Saint Phalle, a Manhattan lawyer, taught at Fairleigh Dickinson
University and the University of Geneva.  Mrs. de Saint Phalle received a
divorce in April. Justice Myers denied her claim to some $600,000 through the
amendment of a 1974 agreement that gave her their Park Avenue apartment and
custody of their two children.

Giving an I-love-you the status of ''material fact,'' Justice Myers said,
''would discourage men from telling their wives they loved them, and this would
never do.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              555 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 9, 2002, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. halfpipe women are one for all and all for one

BYLINE: Jill Lieber

SECTION: BONUS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: PARK CITY

PARK CITY -- Perception is not necessarily reality.

Just look at the three U.S. women's snowboarders in the halfpipe competition
Sunday at the Park City Mountain Resort.

They're anything but stereotypical Gen-X grunge dudettes.


Tattoos? Dyed hair? Multiple piercings? Hardly.

Yes, they're awesome athletes, pioneers in their sport, dominators on the world
snowboarding scene; all three have a shot at a medal.

But first and foremost, they're substantial women, with a lot on the ball.

"It's almost OK if the media misrepresents us and our sport," says Shannon Dunn,
the 1998 Olympic bronze medalist, "because we know who we are and what we're all
about."

And it's not just about riding the halfpipe.

Dunn, 29, of Lake Tahoe, Calif., designs her own Feelgood snowboard line for
industry-leader Burton Snowboards and is founder of a charity program called
Boarding for Breast Cancer. She's married to Dave Downing, a pro snowboarder.

Tricia Byrnes, 27, of New Canaan, Conn., was one of the first female riders on
the East Coast, and she keeps that attitude and tradition alive as the owner and
editor-in-chief of Eastern Edge magazine. With degrees in English and
psychology, she also has worked as a TV color commentator and hopes to have her
own sports talk show.

Kelly Clark, 18, of Mount Snow, Vt., became a global team rider for Burton
Snowboards at the tender age of 16. A recent graduate of Brattleboro (Vt.) Union
High, she also was undefeated on the school's No. 1 doubles tennis team her
senior year.

Driven. Determined. All-around overachievers. Risk-takers.

In Thursday's practice, Clark over-rotated on a trick and bruised her tailbone.
Byrnes fell flat on her face, scraping her left cheek.

"We were laughing about it, saying that the normal human being doesn't fall
every single day like we do," Byrnes says.

Although these three regularly jockey for position on the podium, they're never,
ever, cutthroat with one another. Having a deep love for riding and sharing
strong connections keeps them grounded.

They promise those feelings won't change just because it's the Olympics. If one
of them wins a medal, Dunn says, they'll all win.

Byrnes likes the idea of living in the moment, sharing the experience with her
friends.

"I live, eat and sleep with these people," she says. "I better love them, or I'm
not going to make it. We're all in this sport to have fun. Don't focus on going
for the gold. Focus on going for the experience."

Why, the entire U.S. Olympic snowboard team is one, big, happy family, sharing
two homes in Park City. They're fed by a chef flown in from San Francisco.

"Chefie said, 'Would you like some French onion soup with a little toast?' "
Byrnes says. "Every night there's five entrees. And great desserts. At least, if
nothing else comes out of the Olympics, I'll gain 10 pounds. Lucky me!"

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Brian Bahr, Getty Images; Dedicated life: When Shannon
Dunn isn't practicing or competing, she designs snowboards. Spouse David Dunning
is a boarder, too.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              556 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    November 19, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition

Letter to the Sports Editor

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 334 words


Montreal's Loria Deserves Some Credit


Thomas Boswell's column ["Expos to Washington? Who Wants 'em?", Nov. 16]
unfairly excoriates Montreal owner Jeffrey Loria and in the process distorts and
misrepresents the reasons for the financial difficulties encountered by the
Expos. Before Loria purchased his interest in the Expos, he was a successful and
highly regarded owner of a Class AAA minor league franchise in Oklahoma City,
with a well-earned reputation for community participation and support.

Mr. Loria inherited a nearly untenable business position when he purchased the
Expos. The Expos lacked the ability to secure a local television contract, which
generates the revenues required to run a profitable franchise. In addition, his
player payroll costs are subject to an unfavorable foreign exchange rate, which
in effect, is a 40 percent surcharge.

Mr. Loria did attempt to complete a new stadium project, despite minimal local
governmental or business support and only let the lease expire when it became
clear, after years of failed efforts, that a stadium deal was impossible.
Despite having all these odds stacked against him, Mr. Loria raised the player
payroll from $ 17 million to approximately $ 32 million to make the Expos
competitive, and when his partners apparently reneged on their agreement to
contribute, he bankrolled the increase (a fact conspicuously left out of Mr.
Boswell's diatribe).

Mr. Loria took on long odds in trying to turn the Expos around and has struggled
to improve the financial viability of the club with his own capital at risk.
Should Major League Baseball ever decide that locating a franchise in Washington
is an appropriate decision, Washington could not do better than an owner with
the commitment, experience and integrity of Mr. Loria, to say nothing of the
quality and professionalism of the baseball team he runs.

STANLEY M. BRAND

Vice President, National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues, Inc.

Washington


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              557 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 31, 1995, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Books: Review and Opinion;
DOROTHY DANNER TRABITS;
Alabamian says book, review in error

BYLINE: DOROTHY DANNER TRABITS; Mobile Ala.

SECTION: ARTS

LENGTH: 448 words


On Dec. 3, the Journal-Constitution's book pages carried a review by John
Egerton of "The Confession of Dorothy Danner" by Richard Pride, a political
scientist at Vanderbilt University.

I am Dorothy Danner Trabits, and Pride's book unjustly misrepresents my life. I
am 79 years old. In September 1956, I made the first attempt to integrate a
public school in Mobile, Ala. I organized and was later made president of the
Mobile Interracial League, the first interracial group in Mobile. Under its
auspices, action was taken to oppose the exclusion of blacks from public
facilities and to oppose state law that barred blacks from voting by requiring
that they be able to read and interpret the constitution. John L. LeFlore, one
of our members, had his house burned and I had a 12-foot flaming cross burned in
the driveway of my father's home by the Ku Klux Klan. Does this sound like
Mobile escaped the sound and fury of the civil rights movement, as Mr. Egerton
asserts?

My foster-daughter's name was Carrie Mae McCants and I took her into my home
when she was 6 years old, not when she was 16, as the review says.

In his book, Richard Pride contends that my foster daughter and I are estranged.
This is not true. My foster daughter is in a nursing home, and I often take
Sunday dinner there and visit with her on the best of terms.

I have remodeled and lived in four homes, each of which had black next-door
neighbors. I was a volunteer teacher of predominantly black students in Mobile
public schools the past three years. Are these the acts of a "self-indulgent
dilettante who lacked the discipline for work," as Mr. Egerton attested?

As regards pacifism, I refused to pay that portion of income tax that
corresponded to the proportion of the government's expenditure for the military.
This was at the time of Korean War, in 1950. In 1977, I was part of a group that
trespassed on the Trident Missile Base near Tacoma, Wash. We were incarcerated.
Was I acting in the manner of a thoroughly spoiled person, as Egerton describes
me?

I spent 30 days in the Mobile city jail and paid substantial fines for my
protests against our local animal shelters' practice of selling animals to
dealers for research. I instigated protests against the University of South
Alabama Medical School for its use of these animals. I led a protest against the
wearing of fur in 1991 and 1992.

I am proud of my life and it hurts me to see that Pride has depicted it in the
manner that made it appear to be sad to Egerton.

Editor's note: Because of an editing error, John Egerton's review said Dorothy
Danner took her foster daughter into her home when the girl was 16 years old,
not 6.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              558 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 31, 1995, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Books: Review and Opinion;
DOROTHY DANNER TRABITS;
Alabamian says book, review in error

BYLINE: DOROTHY DANNER TRABITS; Mobile Ala.

SECTION: ARTS

LENGTH: 448 words


On Dec. 3, the Journal-Constitution's book pages carried a review by John
Egerton of "The Confession of Dorothy Danner" by Richard Pride, a political
scientist at Vanderbilt University.

I am Dorothy Danner Trabits, and Pride's book unjustly misrepresents my life. I
am 79 years old. In September 1956, I made the first attempt to integrate a
public school in Mobile, Ala. I organized and was later made president of the
Mobile Interracial League, the first interracial group in Mobile. Under its
auspices, action was taken to oppose the exclusion of blacks from public
facilities and to oppose state law that barred blacks from voting by requiring
that they be able to read and interpret the constitution. John L. LeFlore, one
of our members, had his house burned and I had a 12-foot flaming cross burned in
the driveway of my father's home by the Ku Klux Klan. Does this sound like
Mobile escaped the sound and fury of the civil rights movement, as Mr. Egerton
asserts?

My foster-daughter's name was Carrie Mae McCants and I took her into my home
when she was 6 years old, not when she was 16, as the review says.

In his book, Richard Pride contends that my foster daughter and I are estranged.
This is not true. My foster daughter is in a nursing home, and I often take
Sunday dinner there and visit with her on the best of terms.

I have remodeled and lived in four homes, each of which had black next-door
neighbors. I was a volunteer teacher of predominantly black students in Mobile
public schools the past three years. Are these the acts of a "self-indulgent
dilettante who lacked the discipline for work," as Mr. Egerton attested?

As regards pacifism, I refused to pay that portion of income tax that
corresponded to the proportion of the government's expenditure for the military.
This was at the time of Korean War, in 1950. In 1977, I was part of a group that
trespassed on the Trident Missile Base near Tacoma, Wash. We were incarcerated.
Was I acting in the manner of a thoroughly spoiled person, as Egerton describes
me?

I spent 30 days in the Mobile city jail and paid substantial fines for my
protests against our local animal shelters' practice of selling animals to
dealers for research. I instigated protests against the University of South
Alabama Medical School for its use of these animals. I led a protest against the
wearing of fur in 1991 and 1992.

I am proud of my life and it hurts me to see that Pride has depicted it in the
manner that made it appear to be sad to Egerton.

Editor's note: Because of an editing error, John Egerton's review said Dorothy
Danner took her foster daughter into her home when the girl was 16 years old,
not 6.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              559 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  June 1, 1991

Reputations: The dream merchants - California

BYLINE: By PUSHPINDER KHANEKA

LENGTH: 504 words


THE Beach Boys were the chief purveyors of the California dream and its fun,
fun, fun. Then leader Brian Wilson had a nervous breakdown and became totally
dependent on his unorthodox shrink. Brother Dennis took excess - sex, drugs,
booze - too far and died in 1983. Now there are legal wrangles. Good vibrations
have gone very bad.

But the vision of their 'endless summer' is still being sold. In California -
especially in Los Angeles - image outpoints reality by about five to one.
Hollywood even misrepresents its home. The rich, white, western suburbs of LA
are employed to masquerade as the entire city, the rest - much of it latino,
black and/or poor - is often ignored. No jacuzzis here.


More than a third of LA County is Hispanic, over three million people, but
Hollywood balks at showing the big picture - presumably because southern
Californians are meant to be bronzed, not brown. It's art eliminating life.

The first Hispanic recently took office as a LA County Supervisor, one of the
most powerful local government posts in the US. She won a special election,
called after a judge ruled that the white, male, five-member board that controls
the county had been carving up the latino vote by changing district boundaries.
Film directors aren't rushing to buy up the script.

If some Angelinos are trying to keep Hispanics out of sight and out of power,
their brethren in California's deep south are trying to keep them out of the
country. A group of San Diego county residents, unhappy with efforts by the US
Border Patrol to prevent illegal immigrants coming from Mexico, decided to take
matters into their own hands. Vigilantes lined the border with cars and turned
their headlights on to 'light up the border' and help spot people crossing at
night. Immigrants have been beaten, robbed, and even killed. The
not-so-neighbourly message is for the huddled masses to go elsewhere. Contrary
to rumour, the first line in the national anthem is not 'Jose have you seen. .
.'

Despite heroic resistance from San Francisco, California's liberal reputation
has been shot full of holes by the likes of Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan.
Some states would be embarrassed to call either man a native son - California
claims both. There have been only three Democrat state governors this century.
The rest have not been anarchists, communists, Yippies or hippies, but
Republicans.

Los Angeles police have done their share to tarnish the state's reputation. A
recent video showed policemen viciously beating a black motorist. Judging by
reports, the surprise was not so much over police brutality as the fact that it
was captured on film. The LAPD paid out over Dollars 11m on police abuse cases
last year. So if you're in town, as well as LA's other notorious gangs, watch
out for the one wearing blue uniforms.

The California dream is strong and no doubt will endure. But despite its
much-touted charms, it's time the Golden State polished up on its reality rather
than polished its image. G

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              560 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 1, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Burdens of Keeping New York City Going Must Be Shared

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 263 words


To the Editor:

"Public Servants: Public Spirited?" (editorial, April 21), calling on New York
City's municipal unions to be "social statesmen" as in the 1970's and to agree
to furloughs of city employees, misrepresents the situation.

For months, municipal union leaders have advocated actions to share the pain, to
have all parts of the community absorb some costs to keep the city going. The
policy of furloughs or layoffs, unfortunately, would land disproportionately
hard on the employees of the city and lower- and middle-income residents who
rely on the city for health care, education, parks and recreation.

Union leaders have strongly advocated for months that the city downsize its
structural costs with a management-controlled attrition plan and an early
retirement program. These alone would reduce the city payroll by many thousands
of employees -- without the pain (and added unemployment insurance and welfare
costs) of layoffs or forced furloughs.

Further, we have maintained for years that the city could save hundreds of
millions by control of a contracting-out process that costs more than $10
billion a year. A moratorium on outside contracts or an agency-by-agency program
to reduce even 5 percent of the total spent on them would significantly reduce
the city's budget costs.

We too would like to see more of the spirit of the 1970's that you recall, in
which all New Yorkers work and share together.

STANLEY HILL
Exec. Director, District Council 37
American Federation of State,
County & Municipal Employees
New York, April 22, 1991

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              561 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 12, 1988 Monday
                                  Late Edition

ATARI ASKS FOR ITS MONEY BACK;
SOMETHING NASTY IN THE WOODSHED

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 729 words


ONE OFTEN feels that the computer industry would do well to heed Gay's warning
in The Beggar's Opera when he wrote: "If lawyer's hand is fee'd, sir, he steals
your whole estate". It is not perhaps quite that bad yet - but give it time.
Here is news of the latest legal shenanigans.

* In the United States, Atari says it was sadly misled when it bought the
Federated chain of electronic stores last October. It has accused Federated
management, Federated accountants, and Federated's investment bankers of
overstating the value of the assets. In fact, Atari says it was robbed of$US43
million.

This matter is being heard in the US District Court in San Jose. Atari has
claimed in its suit that the defendants - Wilfred Schwartz, Federated's former
chairman, other company officers, Ernst & Whinney accountants, and the bank
Goldman Sachs - were members of a conspiracy to misrepresent the company and
engaged in a "pattern of racketeering activity". Atari wants its money back and
triple damages.

* Zachary Hildreth, 24, has pleaded not guilty in a Massachusetts court to 11
counts of larceny. It is alleged he tried to defraud investors of $500,000 in an
attempt to keep his company, Massdata, from falling into the hands of the
bailiff. Hildreth told investors that their money would be covered by a family
trust, which the prosecution alleges did not exist. Hildreth and his mother did
a runner to New Hampshire, where both are said to have attempted suicide.

* In the United States, police have felt the collar of four Digital employees -
current and former - and charged them with receiving stolen computer components.
Police used marked money to buy stolen parts and then recovered the money from
the home of one of the accused.

* Australian copyright law has been described as inadequate to protect
innovations in computer technology by Professor Jim Lahore, a specialist in
intellectual property law. He says the present situation, in which copyright law
for literary works is used to protect computer software, is unsatisfactory.

"The usual questions - does it look the same, does it sound the same -cannot
apply to a tiny microscopic chip inside a piece of hi-tech equipment,"he said.

"People are copying ideas and copyright is not supposed to give protection to
ideas."

Professor Lahore is heading a new Melbourne University full fee-paying diploma
course in intellectual property law.

* Two fire engine despatchers from Syracuse in New York State have been accused
of illegally accessing criminal records on a computer. The local prosecutor has
decided not to proceed, on the grounds that there is no proof the information
moved outside the county system. The boys from Syracuse are accused of working
part-time for a private investigator. They have now been disciplined by the fire
department.

* In Scotland, police have raided several software computer shops in the East
Kilbride and Glasgow regions. According to the police, this resulted in the
discovery of close on $500,000 of pirated software. No indication is given as to
how this value was arrived at. Helping the police was the Federation Against
Software Theft (FAST) which has been involved in 20 or so of these raids in the
past two years.

Six people have been arrested.

Under Scottish law, they must now wait until the Procurator Fiscal makes a
decision on whether to prosecute.

* An interesting problem regarding copyright is arising over graphic images.
Many bulletin boards carry illustrations for downloading. But the copyright in
these images belong, beyond peradventure, to the creator unless specifically
released. Bulletin boards and commercial electronic mail services are full of
them. Most operators recognise there is a problem and simply have no idea how to
deal with it unless they clear out every single illustration. This is the most
probable result.

* Brazil has once again refused to change its Constitution and eliminate
discrimination against foreign-based companies. In Brazil you can buy a
Macintosh clone that has been made in Taiwan. Apple is denied import licences to
bring in the real thing.

* In Florida, an attempted escape by helicopter of West German Werner
Bruchhausen has been foiled. Bruchhausen is widely regarded as the world's
foremost techno-bandit. Bruchhausen was imprisoned for selling classified
technology to the Soviet Union and Eastern European countries and for wire
fraud.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1988 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            April 13, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bill Would Raise Penalties For ID Theft, Data Fraud

BYLINE: BAIRD HELGESON, bhelgeson@tampatrib.com

SECTION: MONEYSENSE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


LEGISLATION TARGETS PHONE SCAM

By BAIRD HELGESON

bhelgeson@tampatrib.com

TALLAHASSEE -- Consumers could soon have more protection against solicitors who
misrepresent themselves to get personal information and then sell or release the
data.

Senate Bill 284 increases penalties to $15,000 for anyone caught misleading
consumers to get their address, telephone number or Social Security number. The
legislation also makes it illegal to sell or release the data without the
consumer's consent.

The bill has been toughened to require companies that store personal data to
notify consumers if a security breach has resulted in the release of private
information.

The measure was added after a data collection company, ChoicePoint, revealed
that hackers violated its computers and stole personal, financial information of
10,216 Floridians.

"We need to ensure that our consumer protection laws keep up with new data
collection technologies," said state Sen. Dave Aronberg, D-Greenacres, the
bill's sponsor. "Unfortunately, we know that the identity thieves are keeping up
with them."

Supporters pushed the legislation after reports that solicitors were
misrepresenting themselves as being from law enforcement, firefighting agencies
or public utility companies to collect consumers' private information.

The legislation sailed unanimously through the Senate Judiciary Committee on
Tuesday, and now is slated for a vote by the full Senate.

An estimated 10 million Americans were victims of identity theft last year. The
average victim spends 600 hours to restore their financial credit, according to
the Identity Theft Resource Center.

Reporter Baird Helgeson can be reached at (813) 731-1076.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Sen. Dave Aronberg D-Greenacres and bill sponsor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              563 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 26, 1997, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

ATLANTA CRIME: HOW BAD IS IT?;
Candidates play the numbers game;
Up, down, around: Depending on who's talking, Atlanta can be described as safer
than it was four years ago or the most dangerous it has ever been.

BYLINE: Maria Elena Fernandez; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 08C

LENGTH: 1185 words



Crime in Atlanta is up. Crime in Atlanta is down.

Over the next six weeks, in radio and television ads, in speeches and sound
bites, Atlanta's crime history will be dissected for all to see. But exactly
what that history shows will depend on who is quoting the numbers.

Already, the two dominant candidates for mayor ---incumbent Bill Campbell and
Marvin Arrington ---have been guilty of exaggeration and misrepresent-

ation.

"Crime is down," Campbell and his aides have said. But it's not, according to
FBI statistics.

"Crime is up in every category because the FBI statistics say they are,"
Arrington has said in speeches and interviews. That's not true, either.

The numbers speak for themselves, but often they only tell a portion of what is
a very broad story, says Robert Friedmann, chairman of the criminal justice
department at Georgia State University. Considering the context is essential,
and listening carefully to how a candidate is using the numbers is also
important.

Pick any category

For example, Campbell emphasizes that violent crimes have gone down since he
took office in 1993. Indeed, when lumped together, the number of violent crimes
in Atlanta ---murders, rapes, aggravated assaults and robberies ---fell from
16,281 to 13,695 in 1996, or about 16 percent.

But taken by itself, killing has a mind of its own. The number of homicides
decreased in the first three years of Campbell's administration and increased by
6 percent last year, to 196.

And in speeches and literature, Campbell has played down or ignored property
crimes such as larcenies, car thefts, burglaries and arsons.

Those have steadily increased, to 57,080 in 1996 from 53,881 in 1993.

Campbell attributes the increases in property crimes mostly to cellular
telephone thefts from cars. He assures voters that a special squad is now paying
attention to thefts from motor vehicles.

Recently, the mayor has also begun using 1997 crime statistics, which he says
show that total crime ---everything from murder to larceny ---is down by 17
percent over last year.

Police Chief Beverly Harvard has referred to this decrease as well. But when
asked for the numbers, the Atlanta Police Department warns that the figures are
"initial" findings and could change before they are handed to the FBI later this
year.

Focus on the worst

On the other side of the debate, is Campbell's top challenger, Council President
Arrington, who claims that crime "is absolutely out of control."

He emphasizes that the city's overall crime total is the highest it has been in
four years. Throughout the city, 70,775 individual crimes were counted in 1996.

But Arrington will not credit the Campbell administration for some significant
victories, including the general decrease in violent crime ---and even some
categories of nonviolent crime. Burglary, like rape, has dropped by 20 percent
since 1993.

Arrington prefers to hammer the incumbent on larcenies ---theft that includes
pickpockets and purse-snatchers ---which have jumped by 18 percent since
Campbell took office.

"They're up and they're going up," said Arrington, who has won the endorsement
of the city's two police unions. "The mayor is trying to sell the people the
Brooklyn Bridge and that title was passed 17 years ago."

The meaning of numbers

Counting crime is not a practical way to pick a mayor or any other elected
official, said Friedmann, the GSU criminologist.

"I'd be very careful with what these numbers mean," he said.

He and other academics describe crime as a sea of anti-social activity that has
its own ebbs and flows. Sometimes the rhythms can be controlled, but more often
experts can't even agree on the cause.

Generally speaking, Friedmann said, Atlanta is following national trends with
its slight decreases in most crime categories. But the decline in Atlanta has
been slower ---even though, over much of that time, the city has also endured a
decline in population.

Crime in Atlanta peaked in 1989. Murders reached an all-time high of 246 that
year. Larcenies and robberies also reached a high water mark.

Nationally, the decline in crime has followed the building of more prisons, the
reduction in crack cocaine-related offenses and the introduction of community
policing programs. The aging of the population ---fewer juveniles mean fewer
crimes, the theory goes ---is another factor.

"In most instances, crime (in Atlanta) is fluctuating, but remains at high
levels," Friedmann said. "We have a fetish to look and see if we are No. 1 or
No. 2. What is clear is that crime in Atlanta needs to be reduced."

Criminologists say the most proper way to examine crime by the numbers is to
reduce it to something like gambler's odds. In that sense, you can say that
1995, when there were 17,124 crimes per 100,000 people in Atlanta, was just
slightly safer than 1992, when there were 17,411.

Still, when compared with surrounding counties with even larger populations,
Atlanta's crime rate is inarguably high. The 1994 Journal-Constitution study
showed that in Atlanta, a resident had a 1-in-24 chance of becoming a victim of
violent crime. In Gwinnett, that chance was 1-in-468, in Cobb it was 1-in-270,
and in Clayton it was 1-in-145.

Even Campbell agrees that there is room for improvement.

"Our community policing strategies are working," he said. "The community is more
focused. But it's not just the stats, it's the perception."

Perception is key
In fact, that is where the true October battle lies.

According to poll after poll, public safety has long been the top issue on the
minds of Atlanta voters.

Four years ago, Campbell used the issue of crime to obliterate Michael Lomax,
the former Fulton County Commission chairman, in a bitter runoff.

Now, as an incumbent, Campbell finds himself the object of the same strategy.
Louise Hornsby, a former Traffic Court solicitor also running for mayor, says
crime figures indicate whether city leaders are doing their jobs well.

She would appoint a new police chief. "The mayor is the chief executive officer
and the mayor has control over the police chief," said Hornsby. "(Harvard) has
not effectively dealt with the crime situation in Atlanta."

Councilwoman Gloria Bromell-Tinubu is also running for mayor. "It would be
unfair to lump all of the bad on the mayor, but it is uncorrespondingly unfair
for the mayor to absorb all of the good," she said.

She points out that citywide statistics don't mean that much when talking about
crime ---which varies widely from neighborhood to neighborhood.

"Where I live in southeast Atlanta, I always hear gunshots on weekends," said
Bromell-Tinubu. "But I never hear a police siren after the gunshots. I see the
dealings of drugs on corners. . . .That's where the measure is, a person's sense
of safety. If you don't feel safer, the stats are meaningless."

ON ACCESS ATLANTA

Crime in Atlanta: What issues should the city's next mayor focus on?
http://www.accessatlanta.com/local/news/current/mayors
(underscore)race(underscore)main.html

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard cites 1997 "initial" crime
 statistics that show total crime down by 17 percent. / Laura Noel /
 Special
 Photo: Mug shot of Marvin Arrington
 Photo: Mug shot of Gloria Bromell-Tinubu
 Photo: Mug shot of Bill Campbell
 Photo: Mug shot of Louise Thornton Hornsby
 Line Graph: A HISTORY OF CRIME
 Here are some of Atlanta's 10-year crime records. Total crimes were all
 reported crimes in the city:
 MURDERS
 From 1987 to 1996, a high of 250 and above for 1998, steady downward trend
 until 1992, peaked at around 200, downward and up to 200 again in 1996.
 LARCENIES
 From 1987 to 1996, Steady upward trend to peak of over 40,000 in 1988,
 another peak at 35,000 in 1990, then a downward trend in 1992, increase in
 1993 and climbing to above 35,000 in 1996.
 TOTAL CRIME
 From 1987 to 1996, High peak between 1988 and 1989 of 90,000, down in 1990
 and 1993 upward swing in 1994 and steady at 70,000 in 1996.
 Source: FBI crime statistics
 / Mark Giles / Staff
 Chart: PROPOSALS FOR MAKING ATLANTA SAFER
 These are the public safety platforms, listed in alphabetical order, of
 four major mayoral candidates
 MARVIN ARRINGTON
 -Fully staff the Atlanta Police Department and raise starting salaries for
 police officers to $ 30,000.
 -Create a parking authority to collect revenues that would pay for
 increased spending on public safety.
 -Introduce legislation to the Legislature that would provide houses to
 police officers in high-crime neighborhoods through low or no-cost
 mortgages and improvement loans.
 - Place surveillance cameras in isolated locations where illegal dumping
 and other criminal activities occur so the city will have ample evidence
 to convict offenders.
 -Expand the Reading Patrol to all Atlanta elementary and middle schools.
 - De-emphasize temporary, predictable sweeps of high-drug areas,
 establishing instead a consistent law enforcement presence in such
 communities. Assign foot patrols to those areas.
 -Revamp the city's court system by reducing the time that police officers
 must be in court.
 -Set up the "broken windows" policing method now under way in New York,
 which aggressively goes after every offense, including nuisance crimes,
 such as pickpockets, littering, loitering and graffiti artists.
 GLORIA BROMELL-TINUBU
 -Tighten curfew laws and enforce truancy laws by working with the public
 school system.
 -Enforce nuisance laws so that businesses or property owners who are
 allowing illegal activities on their properties are prosecuted.
 -Become more involved with community organizations to intervene in the
 lives of at-risk children before they get into trouble with the law.
 -Investigate the Police Department for corruption.
 BILL CAMPBELL
 -Continue the city's police recruiting campaign with a goal of having
 2,000 sworn officers by the year 2000.
 - Open three mini-precincts in Techwood Homes, Vine City and Bolton Road
 and increase the number of beat patrols in all police zones.
 -Continue to use money collected from drug seizures to buy more bicycles
 for patrols.
 -Instill pride in communities with a campaign to clean off graffiti with
 city-owned blasters. Use more prison labor to clean city streets.
 -Establish an exemption to the state gun law to require a waiting period
 for the purchase of guns in the city of Atlanta.
 -Initiate community programs to take guns out of the hands of teenagers
 and felons.
 -Improve coordination among school systems and police to reduce truancy.
 -Set up cameras at intersections to catch drivers who run red lights.
 -Add more speed bumps throughout 100 communities in the city.
 LOUISE THORNTON HORNSBY
 -Replace current Atlanta Police Chief Beverly Harvard.
 -Raise police salaries with federal funds and provide incentives to police
 officers for living in the city.
 -Add more surveillance cameras downtown and provide cameras, upon request,
 to neighborhoods.
 -Add foot patrols to all neighborhoods.
 -Re-institute an "Officer Friendly" program in the school so that the
 police department works more closely with schools and parents.

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              564 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             June 12, 2010 Saturday

Letters: Misrepresenting the Arizona law

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 709 words


Misrepresenting the Arizona law

I would like to assure a recent letter writer that all of us appreciate his
blood and marriage relatives, and any others who have helped and defended this
great nation.

However, he needs to read the Arizona law. Or, if he has, have someone explain
it to him.

Any American who would be unfortunate to violate a vehicular law in Arizona
would be asked to produce a driver's license by the peace officer, and upon
doing that the peace officer would write a ticket, arrest if the violation was
bad enough, or lecture us and then let us go.

You see, any American with a legal identification card, or driver's license,
would be treated the same.

Please do not misrepresent a law that is fair to all Americans.

Ray Parsons

Spring Branch, Texas

Drug stance

We should stay away from drugs more often. People who do drugs can get really
sick. They can go to the hospital and they will lose proper function of their
lungs.

Smoking also causes breathing problems and cancer. Alcohol is also a drug.
Drinking alcohol can slowly kill you because it causes liver problems and other
diseases in your body.

People who drink a lot of alcohol at one time act weird and do dumb things that
they don't even know they are doing. Drugs and alcohol make you unfriendly. It
is very scary for children to be around these people.

Smoking and drinking are not the only drugs. There are other drugs, such as
cocaine and marijuana, which are worse. These drugs, as well as all of the
others, are bad for your health.

People lose family and friends because of drugs. They become unfriendly or die.

If you or a family member smokes, does drugs or drinks alcohol, remember the bad
things that can happen -- don't do drugs.

Jasmin Armendariz, fourth grade

Cooley Elementary School

Avoid drugs

Everyone should stop doing drugs. People who smoke or drink have bad teeth and
bad breath.

Drugs are bad for you. Smoking and drinking beer hurt our lungs. Drugs are not
good for your brain, heart or lungs.

All drugs destroy everything in your body and your organs stop working.

Drugs do not help yo ur body and do not keep you healthy. If I see people
smoking, I just turn around and walk the other way.

Andy Cortez, fourth Grade

Cooley Elementary School

Staff-heavy EPISD

I am stunned by the generosity of Dr. Garc?a, superintendent of the El Paso
Independent School District. Neither he nor his 13 associate and assistant
superintendents, all making over $100,000 per year, will profit from the
increased tax vote, should it pass.

They will even forgo their scheduled salary increases. I must run out and vote
for the tax increase so that his sacrifice and that of his cabinet will not be
an exercise in vain.

The additional $260 this tax increase will cost anyone with a home worth
$200,000 should be a joy to pay considering the work Dr. Garc?a has piling up on
his desk, like oil in the Gulf. How could anyone expect him to get anything done
with only 13 associates and assistants?

Jerry Boyer

Upper Valley

Israeli actions

"You can never know for sure exactly who's trying to threaten your border ..,"
said an IDF spokesperson as Israel seized yet another cargo ship in
international waters loaded with humanitarian aid for Gaza.

The killing of nine persons in a similar ship seizure the week before was
savagery reminiscent of Israel's 2009 war of reprisal in Gaza.

In Dubai, the Mossad's "targeted assassination" of a Hamas leader by agents
carrying fake British passports had a touch of the diabolical.

Perhaps this orgy of "self-defense" will soon include an attack on Iran, too.

As defense analyst Anthony Cordesman noted, America's commitment to Israel is
not based primarily on U.S. strategic interests, but upon common moral and
ethical values.

The depth of such commitment, however, does not necessarily justify or excuse
actions by Israel, including the ones above, that unnecessarily make Israel a
strategic liability.

It's high time (Cordesman skirts this issue) that the U.S. actually withdrew
support for Israel in a graded and initially symbolic fashion in order to remind
the Israelis that they need us more than we need them.

For example, America could begin by backing, rather than opposing, U.N.
resolutions that condemn Israeli human-rights abuse.

Steve H Dougherty

Upper Valley

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 4, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Human Role in Fish Deaths

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A20; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 314 words


In his July 11 letter, John K. Carlisle of the National Center for Public Policy
Research inaccurately blames the decline of Pacific Northwest salmon population
solely on "natural increase in the ocean temperature and not human activities,"
such as global warming.

He is correct that a warmer ocean is a culprit in declining salmon stocks, but
to claim that human activities, including global warming, have nothing to do
with the decline is to ignore the obvious. Mr. Carlisle misrepresents the recent
findings of several University of Washington studies on the warming cycles of
the oceans and the factors affecting salmon populations.

While salmon face numerous threats from human activities in their freshwater
habitat, a warmer Pacific Ocean also has been shown to harm salmon during their
oceanic phase. Recent analyses have identified a 20- to 30-year cycle of warming
and cooling in the Pacific; however, this is but one of the many processes
influencing ocean temperature. The El Nin o-La Nin a cycle warms and cools the
Pacific every few years. Global warming is generally viewed as contributing to a
monotonic increase in ocean and land temperatures. As such, global warming would
mitigate any benefit to salmon of a natural cyclic cooling.

Mr. Carlisle's view that global warming has not contributed to ocean warming is
contradicted by the more than 2,000 scientists who make up the Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change and who concluded: "The balance of evidence suggests a
discernible human influence on global climate." Mr. Carlisle appears to be
content to stick to the status quo and hope that the salmon will reappear. For
the sake of the Northwest salmon populations, let's hope that the government
will heed the warnings of scientists worldwide and address the problem of global
warming.

STEVEN R. HARE

INGRID ANN CHAPMAN

Seattle



LOAD-DATE: August 04, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              566 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                            April 15, 2010 Thursday

Distribs put faith in church outreach

BYLINE: ANDREW STEWART

SECTION: Pg. 03

LENGTH: 448 words


The solid opening weekend performance of Vivendi's "Letters to God" was a
testament to the continuing B.O. might of Christian auds.

While the pic's debut of $1.1 million wasn't as high as the $1.5 million opening
weekend for Samuel Goldwyn's "To Save a Life" in January, it was still enough to
land it in the top 10 in a slightly flat post-Easter weekend.

The distribs of both pics rely on grassroots marketing strategies and targeted
advertising to recruit an aud that "typically doesn't trust Hollywood,"
according to Samuel Goldwyn prexy/CEO Meyer Gottlieb, who said it's a
"dramatically different" demo.

"You don't want to misrepresent a film, especially with a faith-based audience,"
Gottlieb added. "They have to be convinced that you're delivering the real
deal."

Like most niche pics, Gottlieb said strong word-of-mouth reps a key element for
the faith-based pics, with the most influential recommendations coming from the
pulpit.

Goldwyn, which distribbed "Fireproof" (2008) and "Facing the Giants" (2006),
mounted a grassroots marketing scheme for "Life" directed at churches and
religious leaders.

Likewise, Mark Kristol, Vivendi's exec VP of theatrical marketing and
distribution, said the distrib began screening "Letters" in early January for
discussion in pamphlets and church services. Vivendi also ran TV spots on such
femme-driven nets as the Hallmark Channel and Lifetime.

"Letters," about a young boy with cancer, debuted on 441 screens, and will
maintain its screen count in coming weeks.

"Life" tells the story of high-school basketball star who befriends school
loners after a life-changing experience. Pic has since cumed $3.8 million
domestically.

Gottlieb said some of the most successful faith-based films tackle contemporary
issues.

Both films saw stellar performances in smaller markets with a higher
concentration of religious moviegoers, including Charlotte, N.C., and Columbus,
Ohio. Tracking was strongest among families and females.

Hollywood majors have started to tap into the Christian demo. Warner Bros.'
boffo femme-driven pic, "The Blind Side," which cumed $255.8 million, saw a huge
bump from observant filmgoers, and was heavily promoted to churches across the
country through Grace Hill Media, a faith-based marketing and PR firm.

Kristol said faith-based films typically cost less to distribute, benefiting
from religious and community leaders' recommendations, and can see healthy runs.
"Fireproof" became one of the highest-grossing indie films in 2008, cuming $33.5
million.

According to the 2008 U.S. Religious Landscape Survey, 78.4% of polled adults in
the U.S. identify themselves as Christian, with 4.7% repping other religions and
16.1% unaffiliated.


LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 March 13, 1997

BOOKS: LUBBERLY WRITING

BYLINE: Christopher Hawtree

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. T17

LENGTH: 774 words


The King's English by Kingsley Amis 274pp, HarperCollins, pounds 16.99

Good English Handbook by Godfrey Howard, 376pp, Macmillan, pounds 9.99

Modern English by Michael Beresford 224pp, Duckworth, pounds 12.95

'CALIFORNIA Dreamin' is a masterly evocation of Central Park on a winter's day
but one can never hear it without wincing at the phrase 'if I was in L.A.'. Such
scant regard for the subjunctive is, perhaps, a mite less gruesome than Paul
McCartney's assertion about 'this world in which we live in'.

Not that any of us is perfect. Up there, I had written 'LA', but a further
session with Kingsley Amis's posthumous, crustily liberal guide to modern usage
yielded a convincing case for full-stops.  Entertaining, if grubbily produced
and overpriced, his guide is rooted in Fowler but with such unlikely flowers as
entries about 'berks and wankers'.

This encapsulates his enlightened despotism. 'Berks are careless, coarse, crass,
gross and of what anybody would agree is a lower social class than one's own . .
. left to them the English language would die of impurity, like late Latin.
Wankers are prissy, fussy, priggish, prim and of what they would probably
misrepresent as a higher social class than one's own . . . left to them the
language would die of purity, like medieval Latin.' Often depicted as a
gainsaying curmudgeon, Amis was more interesting than that. His abiding concern
was language, elegant even when being vulgar, as in that blistering account of
Mahler's First ('its lubberly stride') in Girl, 20. Impossible to convey all
that is on offer here; items come in and out of focus with the reader's mood and
requirements. Certainly no other grammarian has noted that 'as far as I know,
nobody has yet said fuck to a senior member of the royal family'. (In fact,
Anthony Burgess's first wife came close to it in Malaya; Prince Philip seemed
rather pleased.) Happily, short shrift is given to agenda, role model, alright,
track record, watershed, kids; equally, he comes out in favour of gay as
homosexual and of however at the start of a sentence.

Different in approach from Amis and from each other, neither Godfrey Howard nor
Michael Beresford can be accounted a berk or a wanker. Mindful of Amis's
page-long objection to such Forsterian slogans as only connect, one should
resist saying that Howard's end is to provide brisk entries - half a dozen to
the page - which rapidly solve such questions as crepe (fine crinkled material)
and crepe (a thin pancake). Only a fool would be without this stout hardback
bargain. Where Howard is a worktool, Beresford's historical approach makes fine
armchair reading. It tells us, for instance, that plural nouns which denote a
single unit are followed by a singular verb - as in 'ten years is a long time'.

Enough! Amis's spirit is getting restless: 'No newspaper story is meant to hold
the attention longer than it takes to get from coming round after a snooze to
the beginning of the first TV quiz show.'

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              568 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 16, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Can Learn From Cuba's AIDS Program

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 678 words


To the Editor:

Your "AIDS in Latin America" special report (front page, Jan. 25) grossly
misrepresents the situation in the only country that has successfully held the
virus in check. You dismiss the successes of Cuba's AIDS control and prevention
program with the irrelevant comment that Cuba "is the region's only nation with
a totalitarian government."

You state that Cuba's accomplishment in limiting the virus to 862 known cases
(in a population of more than 10 million) is a result of "mandatory testing and
the quarantining of infected people." And you editorialize that the "apparent
epidemiological success" of the Cuban program has been carried out "at the
expense of individual liberties, a cost resisted by other societies in the
Americas."

As Cuban citizens infected with the human immunodeficiency virus, which causes
AIDS, and activists in the Grupo Prevencion SIDA, or AIDS Prevention Group, we
think it is unfortunate more people can't learn from and duplicate Cuba's
successes.

Cuba has the same population as New York City. Visiting and exchanging
experiences with AIDS care providers in your city and around your country, we
have learned that New York has had 42,737 reported cases of full-blown AIDS.
Cuba has 159.

Your Centers for Disease Control, which has no official figures of AIDS deaths,
says that two-thirds of reported cases of AIDS can be assumed to have died. That
means that since the beginning of the epidemic, at least 28,000 New Yorkers have
died. In Cuba, where records are kept, the number who have died of AIDS is 84.
No one knows how many New Yorkers are carrying the virus; the estimates vary
from 5 to 10 times the number of full-blown AIDS cases. In Cuba, after massive
routine (not mandatory) testing, fewer than 900 have tested positive (official
estimates suggest 240 more may be infected, but not yet tested).

Even more heartbreaking are the figures relating to children. New York City has
987 reported cases of pediatric AIDS; more babies are born with H.I.V. every
day, and children are dying or left orphans at a frightening rate. In Cuba only
one child has died of AIDS: three are carrying the virus. (All pregnant women
get H.I.V. antibody tests as part of prenatal care, and if they test positive,
they may, after counseling, choose a therapeutic abortion.)

Lest you think this contrast applies only to New York City, we should note that
Puerto Rico, a Spanish-speaking Caribbean island like Cuba, with one-third
Cuba's population, has had 8,117 reported cases of AIDS, 208 of them pediatric
cases.

Had you used the word "socialism" to describe Cuba's political system, readers
might have been able to understand that it is Cuba's national preventive
health-care system, fully funded and free to all citizens, that makes Cuba
unique in Latin America, and is most responsible for its success in curtailing
the AIDS epidemic.

Cuba in addition had early, widespread screening of the entire blood supply
(only nine Cubans became infected with H.I.V. through transfusion), has almost
no drug culture and a complete lack of injectible drugs. It also has a
sanitorium system.

What you refer to as quarantining is the requirement that almost all who test
positive enter the sanitorium system, in which they are given free medical
evaluation and treatment, psychological services, food, housing, recreation and
work (if they so desire) in a beautiful, stress-free environment, and an
intensive course in AIDS education.

To those who say that we Cubans who are H.I.V.-positive are deprived of our
rights, or that our health benefits come at too high a price, we ask:

Aren't the people who are dying of AIDS without proper medical care, often
without jobs, food or housing, and aren't those infected because of lack of
adequate education, too little money for research, too much indifference and too
much rampant individualism, paying too high a price?

JUAN CARLOS DE LA CONCEPCION, M.D.
RAUL LLANOS
Havana, Jan. 28, 1993
This letter was translated for the writers by Karen Lee Wald.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              569 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             March 19, 2007 Monday

DPC Data: MSRB Plan Could Hurt Vendors

BYLINE: Lynn Hume

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 359 No. 32591

LENGTH: 896  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board's proposal to host and operate a new
online disclosure system for official statements may be "prejudicial to the
economic interests" of commercial information vendors in the market, DPC Data
Inc. warned.

In a nine-page comment letter dated March 9 but only recently made public, Fort
Lee, N.J.-based DPC Data, which collects official statements and other
disclosure documents from muni issuers and makes them available online, also
accused the MSRB of misleading readers about the progress of online muni
disclosure in a notice it issued in January containing draft rules for the
proposed system.

"The absence of any mention in the notice of the large number of highly used
sources of electronic documents on the Web misrepresents the current status of
electronic delivery of disclosure documents in the market today," DPC told the
board.

"The industry should question the wisdom of the MSRB investing the sums of money
and the time that would be required to replicate the back-end data production
systems, Web delivery mechanisms, and the databases of vendor systems that
already exist and function at the highest levels of efficiency and reliability,"
the company said.

DPC Data is one of four companies designated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission as a nationally recognized municipal securities information
repository, or NRMSIR, that collects secondary market disclosure documents from
muni issuers under the SEC's Rule 15c2-12 on disclosure.

DPC's letter came as five other commentators threw their support behind the MSRB
proposal, and one of them - UMB Bank NA in Kansas City - said it favored a
centralized system whereby market participants would have access to official
statements through an MSRB portal.

The National Association of Bond Lawyers said it "strongly supports the concept"
and "encourages the development of a 'one-stop-shopping' approach that will
provide issuers, investors, and other municipal market participants the most
efficient and cost-effective method for providing and accessing information."

Bernardi Securities Inc., a broker-dealer in Chicago, said the proposed MSRB
system "would be a great benefit to all participants in the municipal bond
marketplace."

Wulff, Hansen & Co., a broker-dealer in San Francisco, said it supports the
proposal, but that some investors should continue to have access to paper
documents.

Ipreo Holdings LLC, the parent company of I-Deal LLC, a software provider that
assists with new-issue pricing, said it "applauds the efforts of the MSRB" and
looks forward to working with the board on implementation. The company, however,
said that URLs "should not be restricted to a specific MSIL/Access portal."

The MSRB first proposed the concept of an online primary market disclosure
system in a concept release issued last July. Under such a system - also called
an access equals delivery system - underwriters would be able to electronically
post official statements on one or more widely available Web sites in lieu of
having to send investors paper copies of the documents.

The SEC has already put this kind of system in place through its Edgar site for
corporate issuers. DPC Data chastised the MSRB for suggesting the Edgar system
is free. "Edgar is not free," the company said in its comment letter. "It is an
expensive system, and it is subsidized by American taxpayers."

Market participants generally have supported the idea of an online primary
market disclosure system, and a few - including the Municipal Advisory Council
of Texas and DPC Data - suggested that they could host such a system.

In January, the MSRB issued draft rules that would help implement the system.
The rules would require underwriters to send electronic official statements to
it so that it could then post them on a centralized Web site called the
MSIL/Access portal, and possibly other portals. The board would essentially
upgrade and use its existing Municipal Securities Information Library, under
which it collects paper copies of official statements from underwriters.

The MSRB asked for comments on the proposal, which would consolidate its two OS
delivery rules, G-32 and G-36, into a revised G-32.

Peter J. Schmitt, DPC Data's chief executive officer, said Friday that one of
his concerns is that the MSRB will collect the documents and then only offer
links to the documents to information vendors through its Web site. Currently
vendors such as DPC get daily bulk loads of official statements on CDs from the
MSRB. Schmitt is worried that under the new system he may have to retrieve each
document individually.

But it is not clear that this is what the MSRB is proposing. Some sources said
yesterday that the board plans to make the documents available over the Web
site. MSRB executive director Christopher Taylor said the board does not comment
on comments.

But Schmitt said: "The whole issue hasn't been thought through carefully enough.
There are a lot of questions that the MSRB should have raised either before they
prepared the request for comments or in the request for comments itself."

"I don't think there's enough information [in the board's notice] for anyone to
give a strict 'yes or no' now," he said. "It's very light on requirements. It's
very short on details. It doesn't properly assess the impact on the whole
industry."

http://www.bondbuyer.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 18, 2007 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Bit of Bidding Subterfuge From the Inner Poker Player

BYLINE: By Phillip Alder

SECTION: Section E; Column 3; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Bridge; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 441 words


When is bridge like poker?

When bluffing is involved. In poker you are permitted to behave like a
third-string actor, appearing to wish to fold but then reluctantly deciding to
stay in the pot for one more round of betting. Of course those theatrics work
only against the most naive of opponents. But if you are to win at poker, your
adversaries must believe that you might be bluffing. If you never bluff, you
will surely lose.

In bridge acting is not allowed, and bluff bids occur rarely. We have the
out-and-out psych, when a player misrepresents both the high-card content of his
hand and the length of the suit that he has bid. For example, he opens one spade
with eight high-card points and a doubleton spade. A psych is a gamble because
partner might have a strong hand with support for the suit opened and drive the
bidding far too high.

There are other bluff bids -- for example, the imaginative one made in the
diagramed deal. This took place last Friday during the two-session Open Pairs at
the District 3 Winter Regional in Rye Brook, N.Y. It was won by Jay Borker of
Greenwich, Conn., and Michael Kamil of Holmdel, N.J. The runners-up were Warren
Rosner of White Plains and Allan Stauber of Palm Beach Gardens, Fla. Third were
William Ehlers of West Orange, N.J., and Gregory Rosoff of Franklin Lakes, N.J.

This was Borker's third consecutive victory in the event, each with a different
partner, which is surely less likely to happen than getting four of a kind in
five-card-draw poker.

After a pass by East, Kamil passed with his solid nine-card heart suit -- as
would we all.

Many years ago, playing rubber-bridge for high stakes at a club in London, John
Collings passed as dealer with a solid 10-card heart suit. The auction continued
Pass-Pass-Pass. Collings asked his partner what he held.

''Just three bare aces,'' was the reply. ''What did you have?''

''Only a 10-count.''

Borker opened one spade in the fourth position. Now South had to respond two
hearts. Three hearts would have been a fit-showing jump by a passed hand,
promising four spades and five hearts. And four hearts would have been a
splinter bid, showing at least four spades with a singleton or void in hearts.

North rebid two no-trump, South mentally heaving a huge sigh of relief before
leaping to four hearts.

West guessed well to lead the club jack. But South, after ruffing the second
club, immediately played a spade. West understandably ducked this. Who would
have guessed what would happen next? Declarer won with the spade king on the
board and discarded his remaining spades on the ace-king of diamonds to take 12
tricks and score a near top.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Diagram

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              571 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 28, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

N.Y.A.C. Changed, But for the Better?

SECTION: Section 8; Column 1; Sports Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 280 words


To the Sports Editor:

In her column, "It's Time for Augusta to Change" (July 24), Selena Roberts
grossly misrepresents the impact of the admission of women into the New York
Athletic Club.

First, the members of the New York Athletic Club never "voted to accept women."

The board of governors unilaterally changed the admissions policy without
soliciting the opinions of the members or obtaining formal ratification of the
decision from the membership in advance. By the time the rank and file found out
about it, it was a fait accompli.

Second, although the club has unquestionably benefited from the policy change,
the N.Y.A.C. of 2002 is a lot different from the N.Y.A.C. that I proudly joined
in 1970. The classic tiled steam baths and hot dry rooms at the pool that were
frequented by Gene Tunney, Fay Vincent and George Steinbrenner have been
supplanted by hot tubs. Until 1988, men went to the N.Y.A.C. gymnasium to work
out. In 2002, alas, all too many men and women use "working out" in the N.Y.A.C.
gymnasium as a convenient, clandestine alternative to spend happy hour in a
trendy singles bar.

With a membership of 9,000, the New York Athletic Club is a "place of public
accommodation" that Augusta National, with a membership of 300, is not. And,
whether Roberts likes it or not, that difference in size is significant. When
the Colony, the Cosmopolitan and the other elegant women's clubs with "small"
memberships allow men like me to join, I shall happily reconsider Roberts's
contention that Augusta National must admit women as members.

Until then, I, for one, hope that Hootie Johnson and Augusta National remain "as
inflexible as a 2-iron."

TERI NOEL TOWE
New York



URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              572 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                   December 18, 2001 Tuesday Ontario Edition

Brief

BYLINE: From Star staff and wire services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 597 words

Microsoft releases Explorer patch

Microsoft Corp. has released a fix for a number of security holes in its
Internet Explorer Web browser, including one that could enable an attacker to
run malicious code on the computers of users who visit a Web site or read
e-mail.

In a bulletin released late Thursday, Microsoft assigned the file execution bug
its highest severity rating and recommended that customers install the patch
immediately.

The flaw, which affects users of Explorer 5.5 and 6.0, was first revealed to
Microsoft by Finland's Oy Online Solutions on Nov. 19, and published on Oy's Web
site on Nov. 26.

The flaw involved a file-name spoofing vulnerability that could allow an
attacker to misrepresent the name of a file being downloaded from the Web. Thus,
users could be fooled into downloading and running an unsafe file.

The patch, or fix, can be downloaded from Microsoft's Web site at
www.microsoft.com/technet/ security/bulletin/MS01-058.asp.

Shaw calls truce

with rival Telus

Western Canada's two largest telecommunications companies, Telus Corp. and Shaw
Communications Inc., have called a truce in their legal battle over which can
claim to offer the best high-speed Internet service.

Shaw said yesterday it had suspended its lawsuit against Telus, the largest
phone company in Western Canada. Shaw was seeking a temporary court order to
prevent Telus from running advertisements suggesting its high-speed Internet
service is superior to that of Shaw.

Shaw said it is "pursuing good faith negotiations" with Telus to resolve the
dispute and has agreed to suspend its application for an injunction, which was
scheduled to be heard in court in Alberta on Thursday.

EBay executive

steps down

EBay Inc. said yesterday Brian Swette will step down as chief operating officer
on Jan. 1.

The company said it will not name a successor to Swette, who has served as chief
operating officer since November, 1999. Instead it plans to divide his
responsibilities among several existing managers.

San Jose, Calif.-based eBay said Swette was leaving the company to spend more
time with his children.

Symantec sets

2-for-1 stock split

Symantec Corp., which makes Norton antivirus software and whose shares have
doubled in value since September, is planning a 2-for-1 stock split.

Shareholders of record Jan. 17 will get a certificate representing an additional
share at the end of next month, the company said in a statement.

The split will increase the number of shares outstanding to 140.4 million, the
Cupertino, Calif.-based company said.

Symantec shares rose 9 cents (U.S.) to $67.25 yesterday.

Yahoo launches

music site

Yahoo Inc. started a music site yesterday that allows consumers to watch videos
and listen to radio stations over the Internet.

Sunnyvale, Calif.-based Yahoo bought Launch Media Inc. for about $12 million
(U.S.) this year to create the site, available from Yahoo's main Web page under
a "music" button. Kemet to lay off

1,600 workers

Kemet Corp. will cut 1,600 workers in the United States and Mexico, its second
wave of layoffs this year, as the maker of electronic parts for mobile phones
and hand-held computers combats falling sales.

The cuts represent as much as 15 per cent of the company's workforce, and, along
with other charges, will cost about $25 million (U.S.) in the current quarter,
Kemet said. The company, based in Greenville, S.C., expects to save $30 million
a year from the cuts. Kemet announced in June that it was cutting 1,805 workers
as sales fell.


LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              573 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 29, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Ebonics Isn't 'Street English' but a Heritage

SECTION: Section A;  Page 20;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 208 words


To the Editor:
 It is regrettable that Brent Staples continues to refer to vernacular
African-American English as "broken, inner-city English" and "street English" in
his criticisms of the Oakland, Calif., school board for its proposal to treat
African-American English as a second language (Editorial Notebook, Jan. 24).

Although Oakland's resolutions are poorly worded, it is wrong to misrepresent
the unique and profound linguistic consequences of American slavery.

Whereas typical European immigrants may have come to the United States in
poverty, speaking a language other than English, they were not enslaved captives
who were isolated from other speakers of their native language, which was a
practice employed by slave traders to prevent revolts. Nor were they denied
statutory access to schools, literacy or judicial relief in the courts.

The Linguistic Society of America has recently affirmed the unique linguistic
heritage of American slave descendants, and Mr. Staples's continued
misrepresentation of African-American English only serves to perpetuate
uninformed linguistic stereotypes.

JOHN BAUGH
Swarthmore, Pa., Jan. 24, 1997

The writer is professor of education and linguistics at Stanford University.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              574 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                October 24, 1996, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Calif. GOP decides on use of 'I Have a Dream' ad

BYLINE: Hollis R. Towns; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 07A

LENGTH: 842 words


The California Republican Party will announce today whether it will pull a
controversial television ad featuring the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have
a Dream" speech.

J. Robert Farrell, deputy communications director for the state GOP, said the
party would hold a news conference this afternoon in Sacramento to announce its
decision on the ad supporting Proposition 209. The Nov. 5 ballot measure would
ban race and gender preferences in state hiring, contracting and education.

Copyright issues concerning the footage caused both the California Republican
Party, which is paying a reported $ 2 million for the advertisements, and
several television stations to hold the commercials.

"The California Republican Party is concerned with having our position on
Proposition 209 disintegrate into some confrontation with the King family," said
Victoria Herrington, spokeswoman for the party.

Herrington said the spots were placed on hold while party officials consult
their attorneys.

Critics have blasted the ad, saying it misrepresents King's position on minority
set-asides and gender-based hiring.

"Martin Luther King Jr.'s words . . . clearly indicated that he supported
affirmative action," Coretta Scott King and her son, King Center President
Dexter Scott King, said in a statement. "Those who suggest that he did not
support affirmative action are misrepresenting his beliefs, and indeed his
life's work."

Several civil rights leaders called on Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole
to disavow the ads. The Rev. Joseph Lowery, president of the Southern Christian
Leadership Conference, which was founded by King, said many blacks are outraged.
He called the ad "blasphemous."

Phillip Jones, president of Atlanta-based Intellectual Properties Management,
which manages the King estate, said he asked the GOP to pull the ad, which
includes a portion of copyrighted material.

"You can't treat the 'I Have a Dream' speech the same way you treat the
Gettysburg Address," he said. "One was delivered by an elected official; one was
delivered by a private citizen. That makes all the difference in the world."

Jones said the use of King's image isn't so much a legal issue as it is a
political one. "Why would you use his image when you have been asked not to by
the estate?" he asked. "We don't think it's appropriate to support a partisan
issue, Democratic or Republican."

Royalties were paid for the clip, according to GOP spokeswoman Herrington, but
she could not say to whom the money was paid.

Jones said film archive houses around the nation routinely sell footage without
telling the purchaser that they do not own the copyright to the material.

Neither IPM nor the King estate was paid for the use of the footage in the ad,
Jones said.

While probably not illegal, using the slain civil rights leader's words is
unethical, said Frank Kirkpatrick, a Trinity College religion professor who
teaches a course in Ethics in American Society.

"A deliberate distortion is automatically immoral," he said. "And any King
scholar would say that this is a misrepresentation of King's views."

Clayborne Carson, who heads the King Papers Project for the King Center and
teaches at Stanford University, agrees. Carson said the GOP's manipulating of
King's views is a "perverse use of his ideas.

"When I look at King's ("I Have a Dream" speech), I see so much relevant to
today's time," said Carson, a visiting professor at Emory University. "It's odd
the Republicans' only use is in the direction of this conservative initiative."

The ad, a segment of which was broadcast on KRON-TV Tuesday night, shows a white
woman who talks about Proposition 209, followed by black- and-white footage of
King giving his famous speech.

Republicans long have been the principal financial supporters of Proposition
209, which is backed by Gov. Pete Wilson and, to the dismay of many in the GOP,
former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. Duke sparked protests when he spoke in
favor of the measure at a September college debate.

Strategists for Dole have sought to link him to the popular initiative. Polls
show it is supported by most California voters, while the most recent Field Poll
showed Dole trailing President Bill Clinton by at least 10 points in California.
Clinton opposes the measure.

The proposition would abolish race and gender preferences in state hiring,
contracting and college admissions, dismantling most affirmative action
programs.

Supporters of Proposition 209 say they want to create a society where
preferential treatment based on race or sex is outlawed, and say they are
borrowing language from the Civil Rights Act of 1964.

"The Civil Rights Act of 1964 did away with the racial preferences," said
Republican Assemblyman Bernie Richter of Chico, a supporter of Proposition 209.
"But the government differentiates about how it treats you on the basis of race
- that is what is so obnoxious to us."

Cox Washington Bureau reporter Bob Dart and our news services contributed to
this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  MORE FOR PC USERS
 -California Proposition 209:
 http://www.ss.ca.gov/Vote96/html/BP/209.htm

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              575 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 15, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

IS AMERICA IN DECLINE?

SECTION: Section 6; Page 10, Column 4; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 236 words


Paul Kennedy expounded the same thesis he pushes in ''The Rise and Fall of the
Great Powers'' in a conversation on my patio in West Berlin in the summer of
1984. His book ignores or misrepresents the most basic facts. Our defense budget
today is 7 percent of the gross national product. In 1961, it was 9 percent. Far
from being ''bloated,'' it has shrunk, while the Soviet Union's consumes 15 to
25 percent.

In any event, the decline of empires flows not from some mechanistic series of
economic decisions, but from a failure of will. Britain was at its economic peak
when its power began to wane because its brutal will to dominate had been
attenuated by an upper class no longer willing to sacrifice its sons to imperial
aims.

A case can be made that the United States governing elite exhibited the same
symptoms of political degeneracy during the Vietnam War, when it, too, refused
to serve in our armies. While its sons hid out in our universities, protected by
grossly unfair exemptions, or fled abroad, the lower middle class fought and
died.

The danger to the United States lies not in overextending itself, but in
refusing to accept its responsibilities as a benevolent power attempting to
expand the reach of pluralist societies in a world seething with hatred and
irrationality.

EDWARD M. HARPER
Ex-counselor for Public Affairs at the United States Mission in West Berlin)
  Tulsa, Okla.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Paul Kennedy (Benno Friedman)

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              576 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    January 31, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

Abortion Issue Emerges as Key Talking Point; Low Priority for Voters Sets
Contenders Apart

Dan Balz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01; CAMPAIGN 2000

LENGTH: 1169 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H., Jan. 30


When pollsters ask voters in New Hampshire to rank the issues, abortion falls at
or near the bottom of the list in importance. But in the closing days of the
presidential primary campaign here, it has zoomed to the top of the list of
issues dominating the debate among the candidates.

In the Democratic primary, Bill Bradley has seized on Vice President Gore's
changing position on abortion to broaden his attack on Gore as someone who
misrepresents not just Bradley's but even his own past record.

In the Republican race, Arizona Sen. John McCain continued to struggle today to
find a balance between reaffirming his antiabortion voting record and not
offending many of the independent voters he hopes to attract on Tuesday who
favor abortion rights.

What the two races have in common is what has become almost a semantic dispute
among the candidates over how strongly and consistently they have either
supported or opposed abortion rights. All five Republicans oppose abortion
rights and both Democrats support them. But on an issue as volatile and
emotional as abortion, even small differences can be turned into political
weapons. And with few sharp differences on other major issues, Bradley and
several of the GOP challengers are trying to use abortion to gain eleventh-hour
advantage.

That the issue has assumed such importance in the campaign debate surprises
political analysts here. At town meetings around the state, for example, the
issue comes up occasionally, but most voters are far more interested in health
care or education.

Only about 6 percent of them cited abortion as their most important issue,
according to a recent University of New Hampshire survey, and even a majority of
Republican voters here favor abortion rights.

"People don't talk about it, they're not energized by it and it doesn't cut very
hard in politics," said Dick Bennett, an independent pollster based in
Manchester. Tom Rath, the Republican national committeeman here, said, "There
has not been an election in my memory in which abortion has been the deciding
issue."

Still there are good reasons why the candidates are trying to keep the issue
alive, according to campaign strategists and independent analysts.

Throughout the primary here, Bradley has enjoyed stronger support among men than
women. But women dominate the Democratic primary electorate here. Bradley needs
to persuade more female voters, Democrats and independents alike, to vote for
him if he hopes to defeat Gore on Tuesday, and abortion is an issue his advisers
believe can help him do that. "It has the potential to move voters in general
and clearly in particular women," said Gina Glantz, Bradley's campaign manager.

At issue in the Democratic race is not where Gore and Bradley now stand on
abortion. Instead it has to do with Gore's record and how honest he has been
about the evolution in his views. Gore says he has always been an advocate of
abortion rights and a supporter of the Supreme Court's 1973 Roe v. Wade
decision.

But as a member of Congress, he opposed federal funding for abortions and wrote
a letter to a constituent in the 1980s in which he defended his position by
saying that abortion is "arguably the taking of a human life."

On Saturday, he said he no longer holds that view. "I would not use that
phrasing today," he said. And today Gore again affirmed his support for abortion
rights: "I am proudly pro-choice and Senator Bradley knows it."

But Bradley said today that the larger issue at stake is honesty. "Certainly
it's about abortion, but it's also about an issue of fundamental principle, and
how when you make a change on an issue of fundamental principle, it's your
obligation to explain to people why you made that change," he said on ABC's
"This Week" program.

Democratic pollster Celinda Lake said Bradley appears to be targeting the
state's "high percentage of anti-government, single-issue pro-choice voters. I
think Bradley is emphasizing it because of the enormous gender gap on his side.
It came out of his single-issue strategy to pull these women voters back."

Bradley, Lake added, had failed to close the gender gap in a more predictable
way, which was his emphasis on universal health care. "If he can't attract women
with a traditional strategy of health care, he's going in with a wedge issue,"
she said.

Lake, a Gore supporter, said Bradley's use of the abortion issue may have come
too late. But GOP pollster Linda DiVall said Bradley's final-days strategy could
pay dividends. "He understands that this is an issue that cuts to the core of
defining candidates' integrity with female voters," she said.

That the abortion issue has flared both here and a week ago in Iowa is testament
to the absence of other cutting issues in either primary campaign. Compared to
previous races, the two races have been remarkably free of the kinds of issues
that either divide the candidates or inflame the voters.

Republican candidates differ on details of tax cuts, for example, but all have
proposed some kind of tax-cutting plan. The two Democrats broadly agree on
expanding health care coverage and investing in education. Thus abortion has
emerged as a way for candidates to make themselves more distinctive.

In the final days of campaigning in Iowa, Texas Gov. George W. Bush came under
fire from his more conservative rivals Steve Forbes and Alan Keyes for what they
charged was his lack of conviction on the issue. Here in New Hampshire, abortion
has dogged McCain, largely because he made a misstep in answering a question
about how he would advise his teenage daughter if she were pregnant.

Today McCain grappled anew with the issue during an interview on NBC's "Meet The
Press" in explaining why he favors an end to abortion but grants exceptions for
rape, incest and the life of the mother. "I don't claim to be a theologian, but
I have my own moral beliefs and I hold those," he said.

He also sought to reassure voters who favor abortion rights that, while he wants
to see Roe v. Wade overturned, he doubts that would lead to an end to legal
abortion in this country. "Abortion is not going to be banned outright.
Recognize that," he said.

Strategists differed today over whether McCain's statements on abortion would
hurt him on Tuesday. Four years ago, just one in four Republican primary voters
said they favored banning abortion. By way of contrast, two in five GOP voters
in Iowa in 1996 said they supported such a ban.

DiVall said New Hampshire voters, who have become accustomed to McCain's direct
style of campaigning, might forgive a misstep on abortion. "If he were in a new
state, he might pay a further penalty," she said.

Bennett, however, said McCain's efforts to appear moderate on abortion could
deprive him of the support of some conservative Republicans on Tuesday, which he
said would be costly. If McCain's opponents can limit the number of Republican
votes he gets, "then it damages him significantly," Bennett said.


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              577 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            January 27, 2013 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Apple co-founder Wozniak says parts of Jobs film totally wrong

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 323 words


Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says a new movie about late chairman Steve Jobs
appears to misrepresent aspects of their personalities and their early vision
for the company.

Wozniak made his comments ahead of the première at the Sundance Film Festival in
Utah later on Friday of jOBS, starring Ashton Kutcher in the title role. It is
the first of two feature films about the legendary Apple entrepreneur, who died
in 2011 at age 56.

The film, directed by Joshua Michael Stern and to be released widely in April,
covers Jobs from his early years in the counterculture through his initial
successes with Apple and his rise to becoming a household name.

A clip of an early scene was released online this week.

"Totally wrong. ... The ideas of computers affecting society, did not come from
Jobs," Wozniak, who co-founded Apple with Jobs and Ronald Wayne in a California
garage in 1976, told technology blog Gizmodo.com on Friday.

"His idea was to make a $20 PC board and sell it for $40 to help people at the
[Homebrew Computer] club build the computer I'd given away," Wozniak recalled in
a series of emails. "The lofty talk came much further down the line."

The Homebrew Computer Club, started in 1975, brought together electronics
hobbyists in Silicon Valley, including Jobs.

Wozniak, who is played in the movie by Book of Mormon musical star Josh Gad,
said that, based on the clip, "personalities are very wrong, although mine is
closer."

"I never looked like a professional. We were both kids. Our relationship was so
different than what was portrayed. I'm embarrassed, but if the movie is fun and
entertaining, all the better," he said, adding he never wore a tie in the early
days.

Wozniak emphasized that he was basing his comments on one clip and that it was
"just a movie."

A second movie, based on Walter Isaacson's official biography Steve Jobs, is in
development by screenplay writer Aaron Sorkin of The West Wing and The Social
Network fame.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    November 25, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Textbooks in California Portray Science behind Climate Change Wrongly

BYLINE: Andrea Cordell

LENGTH: 359  words


Researchers at the Stanford University through a recently conducted study have
found that some textbooks in California misrepresent the actual science behind
climate change.

According to the paper published in the Environmental Education Research
Journal, the textbooks analyzed during the study presented the public debate
about climate change and not the scientific reality behind it.

KC Busch, a doctoral candidate in science education at Stanford Graduate School
of Education, said, "We found that through language choices, the text portrayed
climate change as uncertain along several lines, such as whether climate change
was happening, whether humans were causing it and what the effects will be".

Busch is co-author of the study along with Diego Roman, assistant professor of
education at Southern Methodist University, Dallas.

Busch and Roman during a recent poll found that only 54% of American teens
believed that climate change is actually happening, and only 43% of them
believed that it is happening due to human activities.

Researchers for their study measured how four sixth-grade science textbooks
commonly used in California presented climate change. The books studied were
Focus on Earth Science (Prentice Hall, 2008), Focus on Earth Science
(Glencoe-McGraw-Hill, 2007), Focus on Earth Science (CPO Science, 2007) and
Earth Science (Holt, Rinehart & Winston, 2007).

Busch and Roman found the textbooks communicated that climate change might be
happening and that humankind may or may not be causing it. The textbooks nowhere
mentioned about the need for quick action against the threat of climate change,
Busch and Roman said.

The textbooks also portrayed scientists as not doing the work of science. Study
researchers believe that such a view on climate change can reduce the sense of
urgency for students to do something about the issue.

Science (http://uncovercalifornia.com/topics/science)Research
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/topics/research)Environment
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/topics/environment)California
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/california)

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 1, 2015 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

The Opie-Changey thing

BYLINE: Gene Weingarten

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 640 words


As I write this, a mini foofaraw is unfoofing over whether "Selma," the new
movie about Martin Luther King Jr., misrepresents Lyndon Johnson's role in
passing the Voting Rights Act of 1965. To add tension and conflict, the
filmmakers have allegedly minimized Johnson's contribution, inaccurately
suggesting he was an antagonist. The filmmakers deny this.

I have not yet seen the movie and am not an expert on the civil rights movement,
but I have a strong opinion here. Yes, of course the filmmakers fudged things a
little. That is what filmmakers do, even great ones. To be surprised by this is
as naive as being surprised that pro wrestlers are not really, really angry with
each other, or that Batman's grapple gun isn't actually dispensing a
retractable, high-tensile super-adhesive cord that is the diameter of a yo-yo
string but capable of lifting Mars out of orbit.

How can I be sure about all this? I have some small experience with Hollywood.

One day many years ago, I was sitting in an office in New York, in a small
conference room with Ron Howard, the movie director, who is a grown-up, serious
man of extraordinary talent and accomplishment, but who still looks exactly like
Opie Taylor of Mayberry, only you are never supposed to mention that. I can see
how that would get tedious for Ron.

Ron:  The second scene needs more foreshadowing to better seed the character's
eventual ironic capitulation to the Nazis.

Writer:  Thanks. I reckon me and my paw will just mosey on down to the fishin'
hole and chew on that for a spell.

Ron:  You are extremely fired.

With me in the room was my writing partner, David Simon. Ron had hired us to
write a movie script, and we had just turned in a new draft. Ron was going over
it with us, page by page, giving us "notes," which is a Hollywood euphemism.
"Notes" sound like casual, penciled-in, tentative suggestions, whereas they are
actually what you slavishly obey if you wish to be paid.

The movie was a dark comedy about two guys involved in a wacky endeavor. It was
based on a true event that had occurred in Scranton, Pa., many years ago. David
and I - both trained as journalists - had first gone to Scranton to interview
people so we could get the story factually correct, which, we eventually came to
understand, was adorably quaint of us. Although we wound up making up some
characters and events, by Hollywood standards our screenplay was a triumph of
gritty realism - essentially, a documentary.

My point is, Hollywood plays by its own rules, and its own rules value factual
truth only so long as it serves to create the most compelling movie. I don't
actually have a problem with this, but it took me a while to fully understand
the system. First, this happened:

Going page by page, we had come to the initial appearance of Molly, who was the
principal love interest. There was no actual Molly - we'd made her up. We'd
decided we wanted a strong female character, and so she was a beautiful,
brilliant, kindly young doctor, who was witty, masterfully cynical and an
extraordinarily talented bass player. When Ron got to this page, he winced.

You've made her too perfect, he said. Not believable. We needed to take her down
a notch, he said. Something had to go.

That's when I heard this coming out of my mouth:

"Well, she doesn't have to be beautiful."

It's kind of painful to retell what happened next. It's not that anyone laughed
and pointed at me, or anything. Nothing at all happened, but nothing at all
happened in the way that a room falls briefly silent after a particularly
insidious, anonymous passage of gas with which people must individually cope,
until the worst of it is over. Then, everyone just went on as though nothing at
all had been said.

Not sure if this movie will ever be made, but if it is, you'll notice that Molly
no longer plays bass.

weingarten@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Maryland Genral Assembly: Maryland Board of Physicians - Failure to Renew a
License or Misrepresentation as a Licensed Person - Penalties

LENGTH: 112  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Office of the Maryland General Assembly has issued the following bill updates:

SB0690 (CH0307)
Sponsored by:

Senator Montgomery


Status:

Approved by the Governor - Chapter 307

Summary
    Documents
    History

Synopsis: Altering the penalties to which a person is subject if the person
fails to renew a license to practice medicine or misrepresents to the public
that the person is authorized to practice medicine in the State.
Analysis: Fiscal and Policy Note (Revised)
All Sponsors: Senator Montgomery
Additional Facts: Cross-filed with: HB0900
Bill File Type: Regular
Effective Date(s): October 1, 2013

For information please visit: http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Maryland General Assembly: Maryland Board of Physicians - Failure to Renew a
License or Misrepresentation as a Licensed Person - Penalties

LENGTH: 110  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Office of the Maryland General Assembly has issued the following bill updates:

HB0900 (CH0308)
Sponsored by:

Delegate Kach


Status:

Approved by the Governor - Chapter 308

Summary
    Documents
    History

Synopsis: Altering the penalties to which a person is subject if the person
fails to renew a license to practice medicine or misrepresents to the public
that the person is authorized to practice medicine in the State.
Analysis: Fiscal and Policy Note (Revised)
All Sponsors: Delegate Kach
Additional Facts: Cross-filed with: SB0690
Bill File Type: Regular
Effective Date(s): October 1, 2013

For information please visit: http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 19, 2011 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

'Granny cams' catching on as tool to deter elder abuse

BYLINE: BRAD SCHRADE; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1242 words



HIGHLIGHT: More families are turning to what is becoming ubiquitous technology,
despite concerns over privacy issues.


Driven by a mistrust of nursing homes, more families are taking advantage of
advances in surveillance technology and using video cameras to help protect
loved ones they suspect are being abused or mistreated by caregivers.

Even some facility managers and law enforcement officials are now using hidden
cameras to catch workers who mistreat elderly or vulnerable residents, including
at least two cases at assisted-living facilities in Minnesota in recent years.
No figures are available, but specialists in the long-term care industry say the
use of so-called "granny cams" is spreading, though the technology is also
raising a host of legal and privacy issues.

Just this spring, an Ohio man placed a hidden camera in a desk fan to catch two
nursing home workers abusing and hitting his 78-year-old mother, who suffers
from Alzheimer's disease. In New Jersey, workers were caught abusing an
87-year-old woman, prompting a wrongful-death lawsuit in June. In New York,
authorities arrested 22 workers last year after hidden cameras revealed
maltreatment of residents in two facilities.

Georgia Anetzberger, president-elect of the National Committee for the
Prevention of Elder Abuse, said the spread of cameras in nursing homes is part
of a broader proliferation of video surveillance in society to catch anything
from traffic violations to shoplifting.

"Cameras are used to catch people more than ever before, not just because the
technology is there but because it's more widely accepted," she said.

For years, however, the long-term care industry has fought legislative efforts
across the United States to legalize the use of cameras, citing insurance costs
and resident and employee privacy issues. Critics said cameras would make it
more difficult to hire staff and that they also could misrepresent an incident.

In 2009, Minnesota legislators approved a law that allows adult foster-care
facilities to install cameras for overnight monitoring of vulnerable residents
to save on staff costs, but the legislation does not cover other types of
facilities. So far, regulators have approved nine requests for such
surveillance.

Some advocates believe Minnesota lawmakers need to broaden the rules to address
the use of cameras in all facilities, even though some believe residents already
have the right to use such technology.

"We need some clear legal structures around this, with the ultimate right to
consent or refuse resting with the patient," said Roberta Opheim, the state's
ombudsman for mental health and developmental disabilities. "There needs to be a
broad public discussion and the Legislature needs to weigh in. What are the
safeguards for everybody?"

Few states pass laws

The push to install video cameras in long-term care facilities started to gain
momentum a decade ago. Legislation was introduced in more than 15 states, but
only three -- Texas, New Mexico and Maryland -- adopted laws addressing the use
of cameras in nursing homes, according to a 2007 article in the Baylor Law
Review.

In Texas, which approved the use of cameras in 2001, nursing home residents and
their families appreciate having the right to use the technology, said Patty
Ducayet, the state's long-term care ombudsman. She said use has been limited,
but she believes cameras provide a benefit.

"I really do think it is a deterrent," Ducayet said. "People know you've got a
device in your room. It's required to be posted you do. I think it does have the
potential to influence the way someone behaves and cares for you in the privacy
of your room."

In New Mexico, residents must be notified of their right to have a camera when
they move into a facility.

"As it turns out, it hasn't been a big issue from the providers' standpoint,"
said Linda Sechovec, executive director with the New Mexico Health Care
Association, an industry trade group that represents nursing homes. "It hasn't
been something that is widespread. I think in general families don't want to
intrude [on their loved ones] with cameras unless there's a real serious
concern."

Minnesota's two major nursing home provider trade groups -- Care Providers of
Minnesota and Aging Services of Minnesota -- declined to be interviewed for this
story.

"The provider community believes that use of a surveillance camera is a very
personal and private decision best made by each individual, often in
consultation with their family and health care providers," Jessica Sorensen,
Aging Service's vice president of public relations, said in an e-mail.

Abuses documented

In the two recent Minnesota cases, facilities installed cameras after suspected
abuse or exploitation. In a 2009 case, an assisted-living facility in Burnsville
discovered large quantities of medication missing from at least six residents.
The facility installed cameras in client rooms and caught an aide on the night
shift stealing prescription drugs.

In a 2007 case, an assisted-living facility in Chanhassen installed a camera
that documented an aide abusing a resident late at night in her own apartment.
The video showed an aide "forcefully dragging" the woman from her living room to
her bedroom, according to court testimony in the case. The family sued and the
case was settled out of court.

The Minnesota Department of Health was notified of the incident, but chose not
to investigate. Department spokesman John Stieger said he couldn't explain the
decision, but he said the department would act differently today. "We would
investigate the facility to determine if there were any systemic issues that led
to the problem," he said.

Minnesota's Health Department has been repeatedly faulted for how it reviews
complaints of abuse and neglect.

Twice in the past four years, federal records show, state regulators did not
properly investigate 40 percent of reported complaints.

Some residents were abused by workers who were hired even though they had known
criminal records because regulators granted exceptions to rules aimed at
protecting vulnerable people.

Installation resisted

Violette King, one of the leading advocates for using cameras, believes they are
"the only solution" for family members who can't be present 24 hours a day. King
founded the nonprofit advocacy group Nursing Home Monitors in 1996 after her
father suffered abuse while in a facility.

To try to demonstrate the effectiveness of such cameras, King's group recruited
residents in more than a dozen facilities in the early 2000s. The group offered
to pay for the cameras, but the effort fizzled. King, based in Illinois, said
the homes often resisted or intimidated residents and their families who wanted
to participate.

But King thinks the climate for cameras has improved. "I think people are more
aware of what's going on in nursing homes," she said.

Not all resident advocates believe cameras are the best way to protect the
elderly.

Harbir Kaur, an abuse prevention expert with ElderCare Rights Alliance in
Minnesota, said there are better tools: training, education and empowering
consumers through strong resident and family councils.

Kaur thinks residents in Minnesota have the right to use a camera, but she is
worried that widespread use of the technology would turn nursing facilities into
highly monitored zones with less privacy and dignity for residents.

"Where do we want it to go?" Kaur said. "How can we make our consumers
comfortable without putting the cameras in? How can we make staff feel more
comfortable that you can come talk to us?"

Brad Schrade - 612-673-4777

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   MAY 12, 1997 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

REALTORS FAVOR ACROSS-THE-BOARD SAFETY BAR RETROFITS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 1213 words


THE article, "Window bars lock poor into death traps," (Page 1A, May 4)
misrepresents the position of the real estate industry. The statement, "The
predominantly poor population . . . is no match in the statehouse for entrenched
special interests, in this case led by the real estate lobby" is unfair.

The reader must continue to another 24 column inches to learn that, according to
Alex Creel with the California Association of Realtors, the reason the real
estate lobby opposed the bill was that the enforcement was tied to the sale of a
home. Creel said the group would not oppose a bill that mandated
across-the-board retrofits for all properties.

Two reasons for opposition to point-of-sale legislation are:

* Good public policy should affect all property, not just those sold;

* Unsafe window bars would continue to be manufactured, sold and installed, but
would not be corrected until the property was sold.

To improve public safety, the real estate industry strongly believes that
legislation must affect all properties, not only those that sell. Assembly
member Ted Lempert, D-Palo Alto, should introduce a bill that would mandate a
statewide retrofit for all homes, not legislation that is tied to point-of-sale.

Perhaps local municipalities could organize a program similar to the
retrofitting of low-flow toilets that is currently being done in San Jose. The
cost per house would be about the same, the number of properties would be
substantially less, and the program would not affect properties being sold.

-- Tan N. Duong
-- President, San Jose
Real Estate Board
-- Richard Calhoun
Chair, Local Government Affairs
San Jose Real Estate Board
PROTECT OUR CHILDREN
LAST year, there were more than 2,400 cases of missing and abducted children in
the Bay Area alone. Whether taken by a family member, kidnapped by a stranger or
preyed upon as runaways, these children are in grave danger. To increase
awareness of this national tragedy, the Santa Clara County joined the mayors of
San Jose, Santa Clara and Los Gatos in proclaiming May to be Missing Children's
Month.

The victims of these crimes -- the children themselves and the families left
behind -- need no reminding. For the parents, it's an empty chair at the dinner
table, a bed not slept in, birthdays and holidays that keep the wound of their
child's disappearance open and gaping.

Even in the best of outcomes, the healing can be slow and painful. The majority
of children taken by family members suffer emotional, physical and/or sexual
abuse.

If not equally horrible, certainly the fact that over half the convicted sex
offenders in America are on probation or parole is an outrage. These violent
criminals, free to walk the streets and likely to strike again.

In an effort to stop this cycle of victimization, Rep. Louise Slaughter of New
York has introduced HR 305, the Protection from Sexual Predators Act. Far from
"get tough on crime" window-dressing legislation, this bill would mandate that
repeat serious sexual offenders and rapists receive life without parole. In
other words, two strikes and you're in.

Although HR 305 is a giant step in the right direction, we must do much more.
For example, many sexual predators seek their victims not on the playground but
in cyberspace. As parents, in the face of dangers new and old, we must teach our
kids the delicate balance between trust and caution. As Americans we must demand
the strengthening of child protection laws while loudly condemning those who
thoughtlessly endanger our youth.

-- Georgia K. Hilgeman
Executive director,
Vanished Children's Alliance
San Jose
DON'T PROVOKE BEIJING
THE most striking statistic in your recent story about Hong Kong (Page 1A, May
5) is that the number of Americans in Hong Kong now exceed the number of
Britons. About one-third of the Americans moved there recently to take advantage
of the economic growth of this new land of opportunity.

Despite the confidence shown by these Americans, the media and general public in
United States are still bearish on Hong Kong. Congress is even proposing to
limit of length of most favored nation trade status for China pending the
outcome of the takeover on July 1.

Let us accept the fact that the people in Hong Kong have already demonstrated
their full support of what is happening there with record stock prices, real
estate values, and investment fever. You don't see any rush for exits by the
locals, either.

The new Hong Kong government is all locally created. The head man Tung Chee-Hwe
is a Western-trained capitalist; it is to our advantage to work with him.
Hopefully his accomplishments in Hong Kong will eventually convince Beijing to
move toward more democracy.

So far, China has not expressed any desire to interfere with the governing of
Hong Kong. Let's not give Beijing any excuse to change its mind.

-- Lester H. Lee
Saratoga
CALL OFF THE SURRENDER
IT is my understanding that Secretary of Defense William Cohen is now proposing
some more military base closings because we are not "saving enough money."

I would suggest to the defense secretary that all of our real and potential
adversaries out there must be laughing themselves silly, for we will be doing to
ourselves what they will not have to.

The present administration seems to be throwing their hands in the air and
saying "come get us."

I'm in my mid-70s, and I have not lived this long to throw my hands up!

-- R.M. Bascom
San Jose
'YES' IN REDWOOD CITY
body,13p8EGARDING the upcoming school bond measure for the Redwood City
Elementary School District, as a parent with children in the district, I can
attest to the enrollment growth that has forced many students into portables and
has packed permanent classrooms with children. The number of students at our
school has nearly doubled since my oldest child started kindergarten in 1989.
This severe overcrowding impacts every aspect of school life, from use of
bathroom facilities to playground equipment.

Safety and comfort are certainly compromised when such a large number of
children must use the same facilities. In the upcoming school year, our school
must sacrifice its modest library (which has been staffed by parent volunteers)
to create more classroom space.

The school bond measure enjoys a broad base of community support this time
because some of the opponents of the 1993 bond measure were taken to the schools
to see first hand the sorry state of our aging and overcrowded facilities.
Having just received my voter pamphlet, I can see that the main opponent, Jack
Hickey, is again using the same tactic he used in the previous election,
accusing the school district of exaggerating student numbers and of hiding
funding they have received. As he did in the previous election, Hickey makes
these accusations about hidden district funding without ever producing any
evidence of his "facts."

In the voter pamphlet, Mr. Hickey states that it takes a family to raise a
child, not a village. I hope that in the upcoming election, a more generous view
of community responsibility toward our children will prevail and the Redwood
City "village" will vote in favor of this modest bond measure to improve our
school facilities.

-- Jeanie Isaacs
Redwood City

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LETTERS, E-MAIL & FAXES

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 4, 1996, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Christian Coalition guides voters 125,000 churches spread GOP word in 45 million
pamphlets

BYLINE: Shannon Tangonan; Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 661 words


The Christian Coalition distributed 45 million voter guides in
churches Sunday to counter liberal influences.

Ralph Reed, executive director of the coalition, said 125,000
churches, up from 100,000 two years ago, were distributing voter
guides nationwide. He said the guides, which cover local as well
as state and national races, would help Republicans retain control
of Congress and make the race for president close.

"On Election Day, the religious conservatives will be the largest
single constituency in the electorate," Reed said.


Patrick Hendrickson, 45, a Christian bookstore manager, got a
guide at Mount Paran Church of God in north Atlanta. He found
it helpful to identify candidates who share his views. "I'll
bring this with me into the polling booth," he said.

Many religious groups issue voter guides. Christian Coalition
guides are controversial because of the volume and allegations
of unfairness in what are supposed to be nonpartisan materials.

"The coalition's guides distort the issues, misrepresent the
candidates' positions and even deceive voters about whether candidates
replied," said Carole Freeman, president of the liberal People
For the American Way.

For example, her group said, candidates were asked whether they
favored repealing the semiautomatic weapons ban, but the voter
guide substituted "firearms" for "semiautomatic weapons."

At Cedar Park Assembly of God in Bothell, Wash., parishioner Eve
Bacon, 37, defended the guide.

"I think every group has a right to say, 'This candidate will
do the best for our group's causes,' whether the group is homosexuals
or Christian conservatives." Some religious and civil-liberties
groups say that distributing Christian Coalition guides could
threaten a church's tax-exempt status. They say the guides are
biased toward Republicans and violate Internal Revenue Service
rules against partisan politicking by churches.

The Christian Coalition has sent pastors a memo from Washington
lawyer Alan Dye saying they should have "no concern whatsoever"
that the guides violate any provisions of the tax code.

The Federal Election Commission filed a lawsuit in July contending
that the Christian Coalition in effect made illegal contributions
to Republicans by coordinating the voter guides, get-out-the vote
drives and other mailings in behalf of candidates. That suit is
pending.

The coalition contends it is not favoring certain candidates but
educating voters on candidates' stands. Guides vary, but generally
the coalition promotes a conservative agenda that includes school
prayer, tuition vouchers, tax relief, a balanced-budget amendment,
opposition to gay rights and an end to abortion.

The Texas Faith Network, an alliance of church leaders aimed at
countering the religious right, sent a letter to churches last
month urging them not to distribute Christian Coalition guides.

At Immanuel Baptist Church in El Paso, dentist Greg Yust, 52,
said he used the guide to cast an early ballot, which is common
in Texas voting.

"With campaign speeches it's hard to tell what a candidate is
really for or against," he said. "They hem and haw so much it's
hard to tell what they believe. If they choose not to respond,
then that's a red flag for me not to vote for them."

In one Texas guide, answers to every Democratic candidate except
President Clinton were blank. A note said the candidate didn't
respond to a Christian Coalition questionnaire.

Reed said the voter guides will counter big labor's efforts to
help liberal candidates. The AFL-CIO is spending about $ 35 million
on congressional elections.

"It will dwarf what the big labor union bosses in Washington
have tried to do to buy this election," Reed said. "They've
got a lot more money than we do, but we've got the grass roots."

Contributing: Deeann Glamser in Seattle, Sandra Sanchez in El
Paso, and Tom Watson in Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: November 04, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, David Kohl, AP; Voter guide: 'It will dwarf what the big
labor union bosses in Washington have tried to do to buy this election,' says
Ralph Reed, executive director of the Christian Coalition.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              585 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 4, 1996, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Christian Coalition guides voters 125,000 churches spread GOP word in 45 million
pamphlets

BYLINE: Shannon Tangonan; Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 658 words


The Christian Coalition distributed 45 million voter guides in
churches Sunday in a bid to tighten the presidential race and
help Republicans retain control of Congress.

Ralph Reed, executive director of the coalition, said 125,000
churches, up from 100,000 two years ago, were distributing voter
guides nationwide. He said the guides cover local and state races
as well as national races.

"On Election Day, the religious conservatives will be the largest
single constituency in the electorate," Reed said.


Patrick Hendrickson, 45, a Christian bookstore manager, got a
guide at Mount Paran Church of God in north Atlanta. He found
it helpful to identify candidates who share his views. "I'll
bring this with me into the polling booth," he said.

Many religious groups issue voter guides. Christian Coalition
guides are controversial because of the volume and allegations
of unfairness in what are supposed to be nonpartisan materials.

"The coalition's guides distort the issues, misrepresent the
candidates' positions and even deceive voters about whether candidates
replied," said Carole Freeman, president of the liberal People
For the American Way.

For example, her group said, candidates were asked whether they
favored

repealing the semiautomatic weapons ban, but the voter guide substituted
"firearms" for "semiautomatic weapons."

At Cedar Park Assembly of God in Bothell, Wash., parishioner Eve
Bacon, 37, defended the guide.

"I think every group has a right to say, 'This candidate will
do the best for our group's causes,' whether the group is homosexuals
or Christian conservatives." Some religious and civil-liberties
groups say that distributing Christian Coalition guides could
threaten a church's tax-exempt status. They say the guides are
bi-

ased toward Republicans and violate Internal Revenue Service rules
against partisan politicking by churches.

The Christian Coalition has sent pastors a memo from Washington
lawyer Alan Dye saying they should have "no concern whatsoever"
that the guides violate any provisions of the tax code.

The Federal Election Commission filed a lawsuit in July contending
that the Christian Coalition in effect made illegal contributions
to Republicans by coordinating the voter guides, get-out-the vote
drives and other mailings in behalf of candidates. That suit is
pending.

The coalition contends it is not favoring certain candidates but
educating voters on candidates' stands. Guides vary, but generally
the coalition promotes a conservative agenda that includes school
prayer, tuition vouchers, tax relief, a balanced-budget amendment,
opposition to gay rights and an end to abortion.

The Texas Faith Network, an alliance of church leaders aimed at
countering the religious right, sent a letter to churches last
month urging them not to distribute Christian Coalition guides.

At Immanuel Baptist Church in El Paso, dentist Greg Yust, 52,
said he used the guide to cast an early ballot, which is common
in Texas voting.

"With campaign speeches it's hard to tell what a candidate is
really for or against," he said. "They hem and haw so much it's
hard to tell what they believe. If they choose not to respond,
then that's a red flag for me not to vote for them."

In one Texas guide, answers to every Democratic candidate except
President Clinton were blank. A note said the candidate didn't
respond to a Christian Coalition questionnaire.

Reed said the voter guides will counter big labor's efforts to
help liberal candidates. The AFL-CIO is spending about $ 35 million
on congressional elections.

"It will dwarf what the big labor union bosses in Washington
have tried to do to buy this election," Reed said. "They've
got a lot more money than we do, but we've got the grass roots."

Contributing: Deeann Glamser in Seattle, Sandra Sanchez in El
Paso, and Tom Watson in Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: November 04, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, David Kohl, AP; Voter guide: 'It will dwarf what the big
labor union bosses in Washington have tried to do to buy this election,' says
Ralph Reed, executive director of the Christian Coalition.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              586 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 MARCH 13, 1996 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

NETDAY: THE FACTS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 1051 words


YOUR article headlined "Rich Get Richer" (March 7, Page 1A) grossly
misrepresents the facts about NetDay. The facts are these:

* Santa Clara County now has the largest K-12 network in the world - 232 schools
have at least a single classroom on-line; 141 schools have a complete local area
network linked to the Internet. No other area comes close to matching these
numbers.

* We have been equally successful in wiring low-wealth and high-wealth schools.

* We had more volunteers than we needed at every school participating in NetDay.

NetDay has been one of the most successful public-private partnerships in recent
memory. That the Mercury News chooses to report otherwise is a shame.

- David Katz

Director
San Jose Education Network
- Colleen Wilcox
County Superintendent of Schools
and 9 other area
school superintendents
LETTER: BEYOND THE APPLE IIE
I FULLY endorse any plan from the dreamers and the doers which stands even a
remote chance of getting more technology into our schools.

As a principal of a local elementary school, I am concerned that our schools are
so underfunded that even our librarian has only an aging Apple IIe to use for
all her computer needs while dime store clerks have more computing power at
their checkout stands.

Why not put together legislation that would assure a small percentage of sales
dollars from every technological item sold in the state to go into classroom
technology? This would help generate the funds needed to upgrade school
technology, and the children who will work in our state in a few years would
benefit directly.

I am speaking as one of the schools not "favored" by the central administration
and thus we did not get all the goodies and attention from NetDay. I represent
the majority of public schools in the Bay Area.

We really need to focus some heavy-duty funding and devotion to this task,
especially in the days after NetDay.

- Rod Cryer
Principal, Hellyer School
San Jose
LETTER: REASONS FOR RULES
THE idea of 20,000 volunteers coming to help out at our schools sounds great.
For some, however, such an occurrence brings memories of frustration.

Last summer I spent a great deal of time inspecting the work of "volunteers" at
a San Jose school playground project. The project was simple and
straightforward, yet some of the volunteers in charge seemed to take great
delight in questioning everything on the plans.

Comments like "what a ridiculous rule" or "my grandfather was a carpenter and he
didn't have to do it that way" were common. I found it difficult to explain 35
years of experience to these well-meaning folks.

How would doctors like it if "volunteers" showed up to help keep costs down?
They could hand them the instruments in the operating room. Or let's send some
volunteers to help paint the Golden Gate Bridge.

I also two saw two photographs in the Mercury News (March 10, Page 18A) showing
volunteers about to injure themselves. (One showed Al Gore, standing on a sink
pulling wire. The other depicted two adults working through the T-bar ceiling in
a classroom. One of them was standing on a 3-foot stool that was on a slick
table. The other was standing on a chair that was on a desk).

I just knew there weren't any inspectors around to be frustrated by those dumb
questions like 'is that wire live?"

- Roger Ludlow
Independent school
building inspector
Sunnyvale
PRESIDENT SOCKS
I HAVE observed these presidential primaries from soup to nuts, from stem to
stern. I have heard the rousing rhetoric of Pat Buchanan's bucolic call for
return to the patriotism and grass roots of yesteryear, stated in a voice laden
with the steely quality of a dictator. Seen the mud-slinging, dirty fighting and
free-for-all between the contenders and contemplated four more years of a Bill
Clinton White House.

There is only one way to sum it up: Socks the Cat for President.

- Emily Hartley
San Jose
CABLE COSTS
SO TCI will increase cable rates by $4.79 come June. I won't be paying the
increase. By canceling Encore and Starz, my monthly bill should stay the same.
If additional rate increases are made, the 18-inch satellite dish will become a
very attractive alternative.

- Bob Grover
San Jose
LOW (PRICE) TECH?
AIN'T technology great?

My cable TV bill has gone up 22 percent in four years. Pacific Bell went up 20
percent on basic service in one year. New high-speed modem lines went out of
sight, and now they want the public to embrace and pay for fiber optic lines.

How about some technology that can save us some money?

- Ellis N. Campbell
Sunnyvale
TAKE A STAND
EDMUND Burke, the statesman, said, "The only thing necessary for the triumph of
evil is for good men to do nothing." This is what is happening with respect to
the terrorist bombings in Israel.

While the United Nations will always condemn the shooting down of a civilian
plane, and rightly so, no one has the guts to propose that the U.N. condemn the
bombings in Israel. Yasser Arafat gives lip service by weakly condemning the
bombings, but he does little to stop or discourage them.

It's time for Arafat to take a stand now, by completely divorcing the majority
of peace-loving Palestinians from the murderous Hamas in order to re-establish
his credibility with his "peace partners."

- Herman H. Teifeld
San Jose
MOBILE HOME SUBSIDY
A FEW people are complaining that Proposition 199 would abolish a privileged
economic subsidy taken for granted by mobile home owners including wealthy
mobile home owners. I don't hear them complaining about the massive tax breaks
for homeowners (including mobile home owners) paid for by upping the taxes of
renters in order to lower the taxes of homeowners. Nor do these complainers
mention that "rent control" for a privileged few has the effect of raising the
price of rent for all other renters. And conveniently these complainers forget
to mention that Proposition 199 provides mandatory breaks for the truly needy.

- Jerry Simpson
Santa Cruz
LET MOUNTAIN LIONS ROAM
MURDERERS, stalkers, the parent who set his son ablaze, rapists, are free to
roam the streets. But that same society is all too eager to eliminate a mountain
lion that may merely be seen by a human. Vote no on Proposition 197, please.

- Richard Thomas
Sunnyvale

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Letters, etc.

GRAPHIC: Drawing;
DRAWING: Margaret Scott
[Computer in a spider web]
[960313 ED 6B 2]

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

FLORIDA CONTINUES ABORTION INQUIRY

BYLINE: MICHAEL AUSLEN

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: The state health agency isn't backing down, despite letting Planned
Parenthood resume.


State health officials say they aren't backing down from their investigations of
abortions at three Planned Parenthood clinics despite instructions from the
Agency for Health Care Administration that the procedures in question could
resume.

In a letter Wednesday, AHCA general counsel Stuart Williams wrote that the
agency still believes Planned Parenthood clinics in St. Petersburg, Fort Myers
and Naples performed second-trimester abortions for which they were not
licensed.

"Your client, Planned Parenthood, continues to misrepresent to the media that
AHCA has changed its position, and Planned Parenthood clinics in Florida may now
provide unauthorized second-trimester abortions. This is false," the letter
says.

It came just hours after a letter surfaced in news reports that Williams sent
Tuesday. The earlier letter says the AHCA stands by a rule passed by the agency
in 2006 defining the first trimester of pregnancy as the first 14 weeks after a
pregnant woman's last menstrual period, or 12 weeks after fertilization.

A spokeswoman for the AHCA had no immediate comment about the discrepancy
between the letters.

On Aug. 5, the AHCA cited Planned Parenthood clinics for performing abortions in
the 13th week of pregnancy at locations licensed for first-trimester abortions
only. Planned Parenthood officials say that doctors measure a pregnancy's length
from the woman's last menstrual cycle, and so an abortion performed in the 13th
week falls within the state's regulations for the first trimester of pregnancy.

The first letter said Planned Parenthood can resume abortions up to the 14th
week at the St. Petersburg, Fort Myers and Naples clinics, the three in the
state licensed for first-trimester abortions only. This prompted Planned
Parenthood to say it would stop pursuing an emergency injunction from a judge.

"This concession by AHCA has removed the immediate necessity for an injunction,
and we will not pursue one at this time," Barbara Zdravecky, CEO of Planned
Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida, said in a written statement.

With the arrival of the second letter, however, the next steps become murkier.
Planned Parenthood doesn't plan to continue seeking an injunction, but attorneys
haven't ruled out the possibility of legal action over the AHCA's allegations of
license violations in the future.

The AHCA asserts that Planned Parenthood self-reported illegal abortions at the
three clinics.

Planned Parenthood attorney Julie Gallagher contends that isn't true.

"We absolutely did not report any illegal procedures," she said in a written
statement. "AHCA has changed its position on what procedures are included in the
first trimester as evidenced by their own documents."

Planned Parenthood clinics frequently report information about the abortions
they perform to the state, including the length of the pregnancy, and court
filings by the organization say the AHCA has never raised questions about them.

The violations at the three clinics resulted from inspections Gov. Rick Scott
ordered last month of all 16 Planned Parenthood locations in Florida. Scott's
order came in response to viral videos that appear to show Planned Parenthood
employees discussing fetal organ donation, which is illegal in this state and
was not found at any of the clinics.

Contact Michael Auslen at mauslen@tampabay.com Follow @MichaelAuslen.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Times (2011): Planned Parenthood's Barbara Zdravecky originally
called for an injunction against the AHCA.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday

Florida continues abortion inquiry

SECTION: 4STB; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 577 words


By Michael Auslen

Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau

TALLAHASSEE - State health officials say they aren't backing down from their
investigations of abortions at three Planned Parenthood clinics despite
instructions from the Agency for Health Care Administration that the procedures
in question could resume.

In a letter Wednesday, AHCA general counsel Stuart Williams wrote that the
agency still believes Planned Parenthood clinics in St. Petersburg, Fort Myers
and Naples performed second-trimester abortions for which they were not
licensed.

"Your client, Planned Parenthood, continues to misrepresent to the media that
AHCA has changed its position, and Planned Parenthood clinics in Florida may now
provide unauthorized second-trimester abortions. This is false," the letter
says.

It came just hours after a letter surfaced in news reports that Williams sent
Tuesday. The earlier letter says the AHCA stands by a rule passed by the agency
in 2006 defining the first trimester of pregnancy as the first 14 weeks after a
pregnant woman's last menstrual period, or 12 weeks after fertilization.

A spokeswoman for the AHCA had no immediate comment about the discrepancy
between the letters.

On Aug. 5, the AHCA cited Planned Parenthood clinics for performing abortions in
the 13th week of pregnancy at locations licensed for first-trimester abortions
only. Planned Parenthood officials say that doctors measure a pregnancy's length
from the woman's last menstrual cycle, and so an abortion performed in the 13th
week falls within the state's regulations for the first trimester of pregnancy.

The first letter said Planned Parenthood can resume abortions up to the 14th
week at the St. Petersburg, Fort Myers and Naples clinics, the three in the
state licensed for first-trimester abortions only. This prompted Planned
Parenthood to say it would stop pursuing an emergency injunction from a judge.

"This concession by AHCA has removed the immediate necessity for an injunction,
and we will not pursue one at this time," Barbara Zdravecky, CEO of Planned
Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida, said in a written statement.

With the arrival of the second letter, however, the next steps become murkier.
Planned Parenthood doesn't plan to continue seeking an injunction, but attorneys
haven't ruled out the possibility of legal action over the AHCA's allegations of
license violations in the future.

The AHCA asserts that Planned Parenthood self-reported illegal abortions at the
three clinics.

Planned Parenthood attorney Julie Gallagher contends that isn't true.

"We absolutely did not report any illegal procedures," she said in a written
statement. "AHCA has changed its position on what procedures are included in the
first trimester as evidenced by their own documents."

Planned Parenthood clinics frequently report information about the abortions
they perform to the state, including the length of the pregnancy, and court
filings by the organization say the AHCA has never raised questions about them.

The violations at the three clinics resulted from inspections Gov. Rick Scott
ordered last month of all 16 Planned Parenthood locations in Florida. Scott's
order came in response to viral videos that appear to show Planned Parenthood
employees discussing fetal organ donation, which is illegal in this state and
was not found at any of the clinics.

Contact Michael Auslen at mauslen@tampabay.com

Follow @MichaelAuslen.

breaking-news, top-news, florida, news-nav, app-news

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday

Mexico ties emerge in trial

BYLINE: Emma Perez-Trevino, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 613 words


March 03--CORPUS CHRISTI -- Marc G. Rosenthal's close ties to Mexico and an
alleged attempt to use the Mexican Consulate Office in Brownsville to further a
personal injury lawsuit came into focus during the Austin attorney's corruption
trial.

A jury in Corpus Christi on Thursday found Rosenthal guilty of 13 counts of
corruption-related charges. Rosenthal was taken into federal custody following
the verdict pending his sentencing, scheduled for June 3.

Rosenthal's former associate attorney J.K. Ivey was among the witnesses that
federal prosecutors called to the stand during Rosenthal's trial, which lasted
nearly four weeks.

Ivey testified that Rosenthal said he was going to get Sara Chao, the wife of a
Mexico consular official in Brownsville, to misrepresent herself as an employee
of the Mexican Consulate's Office to Spanish-speaking parents of a child who had
suffered a brain injury.

The purpose, Ivey said, was to get the parents to sign a false affidavit after
it could not be ascertained when or how the child's injury had been caused.

Ivey said the clients had not been saying anything, and the medical records of
both a hospital and emergency services didn't reflect liability. Ivey testified
that Rosenthal drafted the affidavit that the parents were to sign.

"Por favor, por favor senor (please, please sir)," the parents were to have
allegedly told an ambulance driver and emergency personnel transporting their
son, who was in distress, asking them to help their son, but "they refused to do
it," Ivey testified that a false affidavit stated.

Ivey said that the lawsuit should have never been filed.

"I violated Rule 13, yes," Ivey volunteered during his testimony. Rule 13 of the
Texas Rules of Civil Procedure addresses groundless claims.

Ivey said that Rosenthal had insisted that the lawsuit be filed.

Testimony indicated that the lawsuit was filed in 2009 in the Dallas area. The
court dismissed it. Ivey also testified that he didn't call the clients to
inform them that the case had been dismissed.

Chao's name also came up in recorded conversations between Rosenthal and former
state Rep. Jim Solis, who in 2008 was of-counsel to Rosenthal's firm.

In an Oct. 27, 2008 conversation, and after mentioning a crash in Mexico,
Rosenthal told Solis that he wanted to give Chao $30,000 to reward her for her
time and effort, according to a recorded conversation played in court. Solis
didn't voice opposition, but expressed some reservation regarding the timing of
this.

Solis testified during Rosenthal's trial that Chao was a representative of the
Mexican government.

October 2008 recorded conversations also showed that Rosenthal and Solis were
planning a trip to Ciudad Victoria, the capital of Tamaulipas. They were to be
accompanied by Chao; someone named Luis, believed to be her husband; state Sen.
Carlos Uresti, and then-state Rep. Fred Brown, the recording reflects.

Solis testified that they would meet with mostly mayors, and that Rosenthal was
working with the state of Tamaulipas to assist Mexican citizens in the United
States with legal issues.

In a recorded conversation, Solis and Rosenthal talked about Chao placing the
firm on top of a "gold mine" in Mexico -- referring to potential cases -- and
needing to prove herself by bringing cases. Rosenthal said that there would be
no more bonuses until she brought in good cases, not minor ones.

"Bonuses are going to be based on bringing in serious injury and wrongful death
cases," they agreed in the conversation.

eperez-trevino@valleystar.com

___ (c)2013 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130303-HR-Mexico-ties-emerge-in-trial-0303-20130303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2013 Valley Morning Star


                              590 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 29, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

NEWS WATCH;
Lawsuit Against a Spammer Is Filed Under a Oregon Law

BYLINE: By TINA KELLEY

SECTION: Section G; Page 3; Column 5; Circuits

LENGTH: 222 words


In what is believed to be the first lawsuit brought by a state against a
spammer, Jason Heckel of Salem, Ore., has been sued on charges of violating
Washington's law against misleading commercial E-mail. Mr. Heckel, 24, has
admitted sending between 100,000 and one million pieces of E-mail per week to
solicit interest in a get-rich-quick scheme, said Paula Selis, senior counsel in
the consumer protection division of the State Attorney General's office. A trial
date has been set for March 2000.

The Washington law, which took effect on June 11, prohibits sending unsolicited
commercial messages -- spam -- to any E-mail account identifiable as belonging
to a Washington resident if the messages have misleading subject lines, use a
third party's domain name without permission or misrepresent the message's point
of origin. Mr. Heckel's E-mail included a subject line that said, "Did I get the
right E-mail address?" -- the kind of subject line that might appear on E-mail
from a college friend. The law includes a fine of $2,000 per piece of illegal
mail sent. "People get angry about spam," Ms. Selis said. "They don't like
receiving it, especially if it has misrepresentations in it. Having a law like
this on the books gives consumers and the Attorney General's office a tool to
protect consumers."   TINA KELLEY

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 2, 1998, Monday

CORRECTION:

A headline in Circuits on Thursday about an anti-spamming lawsuit misstated the
jurisdiction. It was Washington, not Oregon.


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              591 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 8, 1980, Monday, Late City Final Edition

THE SHORTCHANGED WELFARE RECIPIENTS OF NEW YORK

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 528 words


To the Editor:

I feel compelled to respond to the Nov. 29 letter of Blanche Bernstein, former
New York City Human Resources Administrator. Having served in that position
myself, I want to assure your readers that neither her ''perspective,'' her
interpretation of data nor her policy recommendations are common to all former
welfare commissioners or others in the public and private sector whose
responsibility is to care for poor children and families.

Here are the facts: Income for food: Contrary to Dr. Bernstein's assertion, even
if regular increases in food-stamp allotments are included, recipients are,
measured by the Bureau of Labor Statistics' ''lower budget,'' $28 to $35 per
month short of their need for food at home. (Source: Research Department of the
Community Council of Greater New York.)

Income for household expenses other than food: By the same standard, a mother
with three children now receives $85 a month less than needed for other
expenses, including utilities, clothing and transportation.

Rent: Dr. Bernstein misrepresents the shelter allowance as income.  Recipients
get exactly the amount of their rent. If the rent goes up, the allowance goes
up, but it buys the same housing. If their rent is greater than state-determined
maximum allowances -which is now true of 43.9 percent of New York City families
- they must use food money to pay the rent.

Medical care: As Dr. Bernstein well knows, Medicaid is not income but an
expenditure substitute. Funds are paid to the provider of health care, not to
the welfare family. Its value as an expenditure substitute is about $100 per
month, the same as a comparable nonwelfare family's expenditure for medical
insurance.

Comparison to working families: Earned income has increased since 1974, but
welfare income, aside from food stamps (for which low-income working families
are also eligible) has remained constant. It is cruelly misleading to compare
people who can work to those who cannot (most welfare recipients are children).

The welfare standard: Dr. Bernstein asserts that there is a ''widely accepted
view that the welfare standard was set at too high a level in 1974, when it was
pegged to the Bureau of Labor Statistics' lower level of living.'' The contrary
is true. The food component of that standard in New York State ranks 24th among
all states. (Arkansas provides only $9 per month less than New York.)

While it is somewhat encouraging to note that, despite her misgivings, Dr.
Bernstein supports an increase in the welfare grant, I find her following
comment disturbing: ''... it is not helpful to exacerbate political or racial
tensions in the city by inaccurately suggesting that the poor have borne a
grossly disproportionate share of the burden (of retrenchment).''

Wrong. Telling the truth about the disproportionate share they have borne is a
way to ease tensions because it is the first step toward remedying that
disproportion and thereby addressing at least the material cause of those
tensions.

The facts are more eloquent than any former commissioner. A subst antial w
elfare grant increase is long overdue.
JAMES R. DUMPSON, New York, Dec. 4, 1980

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              592 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            February 1, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

The Opie-Changey thing

SECTION: H,H; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 608 words


WASHINGTON - As I write this, a mini foofaraw is unfoofing over whether "Selma,"
the new movie about Martin Luther King Jr., misrepresents Lyndon Johnson's role
in passing the Voting Rights Act of 1965. To add tension and conflict, the
filmmakers have allegedly minimized Johnson's contribution, inaccurately
suggesting he was an antagonist. The filmmakers deny this.I have not yet seen
the movie and am not an expert on the civil rights movement, but I have a strong
opinion here. Yes, of course the filmmakers fudged things a little. That is what
filmmakers do, even great ones. To be surprised by this is as naive as being
surprised that pro wrestlers are not really, really angry with each other, or
that Batman's grapple gun isn't actually dispensing a retractable, high-tensile
super-adhesive cord that is the diameter of a yo-yo string but capable of
lifting Mars out of orbit.

How can I be sure about all this? I have some small experience with Hollywood.

One day many years ago, I was sitting in an office in New York, in a small
conference room with Ron Howard, the movie director, who is a grown-up, serious
man of extraordinary talent and accomplishment, but who still looks exactly like
Opie Taylor of Mayberry, only you are never supposed to mention that. I can see
how that would get tedious for Ron.

Ron: The second scene needs more foreshadowing to better seed the character's
eventual ironic capitulation to the Nazis.

Writer: Thanks. I reckon me and my paw will just mosey on down to the fishin'
hole and chew on that for a spell.

Ron: You are extremely fired.

With me in the room was my writing partner, David Simon. Ron had hired us to
write a movie script, and we had just turned in a new draft. Ron was going over
it with us, page by page, giving us "notes," which is a Hollywood euphemism.
"Notes" sounds like casual, penciled-in, tentative suggestions, whereas they are
actually what you slavishly obey if you wish to be paid.

The movie was a dark comedy about two guys involved in a wacky endeavor. It was
based on a true event that had occurred in Scranton, Pa., many years ago.
Although we wound up making up some characters and events, by Hollywood
standards our screenplay was a triumph of gritty realism - essentially, a
documentary.

My point is, Hollywood plays by its own rules, and its own rules value factual
truth only so long as it serves to create the most compelling movie. I don't
actually have a problem with this, but it took me a while to fully understand
the system. First, this happened:Going page by page, we had come to the initial
appearance of Molly, who was the principal love interest. There was no actual
Molly - we'd made her up. We'd decided we wanted a strong female character, and
so she was a beautiful, brilliant, kindly young doctor, who was witty,
masterfully cynical and an extraordinarily talented bass player. When Ron got to
this page, he winced.You've made her too perfect, he said. Not believable. We
needed to take her down a notch, he said. Something had to go.

That's when I heard this coming out of my mouth:

"Well, she doesn't have to be beautiful."

It's kind of painful to retell what happened next. It's not that anyone laughed
and pointed at me or anything. Nothing at all happened, but nothing at all
happened in the way that a room falls briefly silent after a particularly
insidious, anonymous passage of gas with which people must individually cope,
until the worst of it is over. Then, everyone just went on as though nothing at
all had been said.

I'm not sure if this movie will ever be made, but if it is, you'll notice that
Molly no longer plays bass.

Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 31, 2010 Friday

EXIT WOUNDS; BROWN'S OUSTER NOT HIS CHOICE

BYLINE: Peter Vecsey

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 906 words


YOU mean Larry Brown and Michael Jordan didn't actually agree the Bobcats needed
to go in a different direction? You mean dotcom reports were wrong; Next Town
didn't really resign and walk away from $8 million? Well, at least Paul Silas
didn't try to misrepresent the truth.

Before winning his first two games (earning Jordan Executive of Christmas Week,
narrowly beating out the guy running NYC's Department of Sanitation),
Charlotte's interim coach said he had left a phone message for Brown but hadn't
heard back.

"It's hard. I've been there, getting fired," Silas said. "Do you want that team
to do well? Quite honestly, no! I understand, but I hope to talk to him soon."

I haven't the foggiest clue why. Silas and Brown might have a cordial
relationship but deep down, there's no love, dating back to the 1976-77 season
when Paul played for Larry in Denver.

That was also the season, thanks to sports editor Jerry Lisker, I became The
Post's (as well as the profession's) original NBA columnist. One of my earliest
excursions was to the Mile High City to renew acquaintances with a Nuggets
community crammed with ABA denizens.

The previous season, the Nets (Julius Erving, John Williamson, Brian Taylor . .
. ) had beaten Brown's juggernaut (David Thompson, Dan Issel, Bobby Jones . .
.), and it appeared the team hadn't gotten over the trauma of squandering a big
lead in the sixth and final game in league history.

Though the Nuggets suitably salvaged their senses (50-32) before losing 4-2 in
the semifinals to Portland, the NBA's eventual champs, they seemed
psychologically submerged during my hang time. The result was a column detailing
various grievances about Brown from numerous unnamed players.

Keep in mind, there was no Internet in those medieval times, merely word of
mouth, washer-women and out-of-town newspaper stands that offered expensive same
day (East Coast and key Midwest cities) and withering (rest of the country)
info. My Sunday afternoon hangout was situated at 42nd Street near Sixth Avenue
and, inevitably, I crossed paths with sports agents (Jerry Davis was a regular)
also trying to stay on top of things around the league.

So, I more than a bit surprised to get an incensed call at my New York apartment
from Brown on the very day (The Post was an afternoon paper) the divisive column
appeared. Our conversation lasted about a half-hour. I always will remember him
protesting more that the players hid behind anonymity than the indictments they
handed down.

When Brown was through venting, I had another column of inflammable material,
only this time he blasted away - harpooning Issel and Jones by name - and his
entire spew was on the record.

Almost immediately after the season, May 24, to be exact, Nuggets president Carl
Scheer, at Brown's behest, expelled my perceived sources. Fatty Taylor wasn't
invited back and his career ended in Denver, whereas Marvin Webster, Willie Wise
and Silas were deported to Seattle.

Wise got hurt in '77-78, playing just two games, and retired in the Seattle
area, where he still lives, drives a truck and does ministry work in the
Philippines. The Human Eraser and Silas helped the Sonics reach The Finals,
losing to the Bullets in seven. During the offseason, Webster signed a
free-agent deal with the Knicks, and the rules at the time allowed the league to
award the Sonics compensation - Lonnie Shelton, a No. 1 pick and 450G.

The shockingly quick and athletic Shelton was even more ferocious than Silas.
Combined with Dennis Johnson, Jack Sikma, Gus Williams, Downtown Freddie Brown,
John Johnson, Tommy LaGarde, Dick Snyder, Joey Hassett and Wally Walker the
'78-79 edition beat the Bullets 4-1 in a finals rematch.

I can't believe my contribution was ignored when championship ring fingers were
measured. The least the Sonics could have done was to vote me two full playoff
shares.

Come to think of it, I'm still waiting for Silas to thank me for helping him get
to his third ('74 & '76 as a Celtic) and last title team.

***   Contrary to another dotcom report, Andre Miller is not in the Nets'
Carmelo Anthony equation. In October, as noted in this space, the Portland guard
was in trade conversation involving New Jersey and Denver because the Nuggets
had no interest in Harris. Miller's expiring contract would have been
transferred to Detroit with Tayshaun Prince shipped to Denver.

That four-team discussion died months ago. The dotcom report claimed Miller's
acquisition by the Nets might sway Anthony's decision because he respected Andre
when they were Nuggets teammates. It makes infinitely more sense Anthony would
prefer to team up with the younger Harris. On the other hand, importing Chauncey
Billups as part of a larger package figures to be the most enticing of the three
points.

Phew, Gregg Popovich can relax. If not for the Lakers' win over the NBA Hornets,
Grizzlies owner Michael Heisley might have felt obliged to donate Rudy Gay to
L.A.'s cause for a Gasol brother to be conceived later.

***    Who's gonna be the first hardwood trendsetter to sign a sneaker deal with
Rex Ryan's wife? I'm guessing Foots Walker. Whoops, Gene Shue beat him to the
punch.

This just in from column contributor Michael Catarevas: Wilson Chandler is
miffed at Knicks management for refusing to support his new Tats for Tots
charity.

How can coaches and players whimper about working on Dec. 25 when every day in
the NBA is Christmas?

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NO LOVE LOST: It was no surprise Michael Jordan fired Larry Brown,
because they didn't agree on the future direction of the Bobcats, Peter Vecsey
says. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 24, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

TV Ads Misjudge Pat Robertson

SECTION: Section A;   Page 34;   Column 6;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 327 words


To the Editor:

Please allow me to clarify the position of the Christian Broadcasting Network
concerning its opposition to television advertisements produced by Parents,
Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays, or P-Flag (letter, Nov. 19, and news
article, Nov. 12).

CBN supports P-Flag's right to call attention to violence aimed at the
homosexual community. However, P-Flag's attempt to link CBN's founder and
chairman, Pat Robertson, to the senseless violence is wrong and damaging. CBN's
opposition to the ads centers on the fact that they grossly distort and
misrepresent the views of Mr. Robertson, and injure both the reputation of Mr.
Robertson and this ministry.

The video clips in the P-Flag advertisements were taken out of context and
failed to portray accurately the views held by Mr. Robertson, which follow the
example set by Jesus Christ himself: love the sinner, not the sin.

CBN exhibits the kind of Christian love and compassion to the homosexual
community that has been the hallmark of this ministry for 35 years. Each month,
it receives hundreds of calls from homosexuals who request prayer and
counseling.

Recently, Mr. Robertson offered this advice to a parent whose child is a
homosexual: "You love the person. Grant love. Grant mercy. Don't be condemning,
and try by prayer and the administration of the Word to show that one the way of
truth."

Mr. Robertson is clear in his condemnation of violence against all groups --
including violence aimed at the homosexual community. Consider his words from a
March 1995 broadcast of "The 700 Club": "We abhor violence against homosexuals."

In fact, Mr. Robertson told his national television audience those who hold
religious beliefs that homosexuality is bibically and morally wrong must
maintain those beliefs "without beating people up and being violent."

GENE KAPP
Vice President, Public Relations
Christian Broadcasting Network
Virginia Beach, Va., Nov. 21, 1995

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              595 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    December 16, 2002 Monday Toronto Edition

Studios say 'sanitizing' films violates copyrights and trademarks: Back
directors' lawsuit

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: Arts & Life; Pg. AL5

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES

LOS ANGELES - Hollywood studios have fired back at video rental stores and
technology companies that allow consumers to watch films that have been altered
to remove nudity, violence and foul language.

Eight major studios, which own the copyrights to the films, filed a lawsuit
Friday in U.S. federal court in Denver, backing legal action by movie directors
who claim the editors violate copyright laws.

The studios also allege the companies violate trademark law when they rent or
sell an altered movie in the original packaging.

In August, CleanFlicks of Colorado, a dealer associated with Pleasant Grove,
Utah-based CleanFlicks, filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Denver asking
the court to rule that what they do -- rent and sell edited movies -- is legal.

The Directors Guild of America fired back in September with a countersuit,
claiming that editing the films to make them more "family friendly" violates the
creative vision of the director and misrepresents their work.

CleanFlicks uses a proprietary software system to sanitize the films. Individual
video stores buy copies of video tapes or DVDs from the studios, then send them
to CleanFlicks in Utah, where they are edited and sent back for sale or rental.

A company called ClearPlay, also based in Utah, sells software that can be
downloaded on a computer that mutes foul language or skips over objectionable
scenes when a DVD is played on a computer.

Directors asked the movie studios to join the case because they hold the actual
copyrights.

Friday's lawsuit complains the film sanitizers charge as much as $20 more for
films that have been edited and asked the court to stop the practice.

"They intend to protect their copyrights and trademarks vigorously," said
Jonathan Zavin, a lawyer representing Warner Bros., the Walt Disney Co.,
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Universal Studios, 20th
Century Fox, Paramount and DreamWorks.

The sanitized films are gaining popularity because Hollywood continues to make
ever more violent and sexually explicit movies, the companies argue.

"For the studios to join in this suit is Hollywood hypocrisy at its worst," said
Bill Aho, chief executive of ClearPlay. "Two years ago, studio executives went
before a presidential commission saying they support tools to help parents deal
with movies. Now that the tools exist, they go to court to get them banned."

The lawsuit is expected to go to trial early next year.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     December 15, 2002 Sunday Final Edition

Hollywood studios sue video sanitizers

SOURCE: AP

SECTION: Entertainment; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles

Hollywood studios have fired back at video rental stores and technology
companies that allow consumers to watch films that have been altered to remove
nudity, violence and foul language.

Eight major studios, which own the copyrights to the films, filed a lawsuit
Friday in federal court in Denver, backing legal action by movie directors who
claim the editors violate copyright laws.

The studios also allege the companies violate trademark law when they rent or
sell an altered movie in the original packaging.

In August, CleanFlicks of Colorado, a dealer associated with Pleasant Grove,
Utah-based CleanFlicks, filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Denver asking
the court to rule that what they do -- rent and sell edited movies -- is legal.

The Directors Guild of America fired back in September with a countersuit,
claiming that editing the films to make them more "family friendly" violates the
creative vision of the director and misrepresents their work.

CleanFlicks uses a proprietary software system to sanitize the films. Individual
video stores buy copies of video tapes or DVDs from the studios, then send them
to CleanFlicks in Utah, where they are edited and sent back for sale or rental.

A company called ClearPlay, also based in Utah, sells software that mutes foul
language or skips over objectionable scenes when a DVD is played on a computer.

Directors asked the movie studios to join the case because they hold the actual
copyrights.

Friday's lawsuit complains the film sanitizers charge as much as $20 more for
films that have been edited and asked the court to stop the practice.

"They intend to protect their copyrights and trademarks vigorously," said
Jonathan Zavin, a lawyer representing Warner Bros., The Walt Disney Co.,
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Universal Studios, Twentieth
Century Fox, Paramount and DreamWorks.

The sanitized films are gaining popularity because Hollywood continues to make
ever more violent and sexually explicit movies, the companies argue.

"For the studios to join in this suit is Hollywood hypocrisy at its worst," said
Bill Aho, chief executive of ClearPlay. "Two years ago, studio executives went
before a presidential commission saying they support tools to help parents deal
with movies. Now that the tools exist, they go to court to get them banned."

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Robbins Arroyo LLP: Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Misled Shareholders According to a
Recently Filed Class Action

LENGTH: 474  words


(GlobeNewswire) - Shareholder rights law firm Robbins Arroyo LLP announces that
an investor of Akorn, Inc. (Nasdaq:AKRX) has filed a federal securities fraud
class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois. The complaint alleges that the company and certain of its officers and
directors violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 between April 17, 2014
and March 2, 2015. Akorn manufactures and markets diagnostic and therapeutic
ophthalmic pharmaceuticals, hospital drugs, and injectable pharmaceuticals in
the United States and internationally.


View this information on the law firm's Shareholder Rights Blog:
www.robbinsarroyo.com /shareholders-rights-blog/akorn-inc
Akorn Misrepresents Its Business Practices
According to the complaint, shares of Akron fell $4.38 per share, or 8%, to
close at $49.33 per share on March 3, 2015, following Akorn's disclosure that
the company had requested an extension from the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission to file its annual report on a Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2014. In the press release, Akron cited unforeseen delays in collecting and
compiling certain financial and other data related to its VersaPharm and Hi-Tech
Pharmacal subsidiaries.
The complaint further alleges that Akron made false and or misleading statements
and failed to disclose that: (i) as of December 31, 2014, Akron did not yet
integrate its newly acquired subsidiaries into the company's centralized
accounting department and accounting systems; (ii) certain financial and other
related data related to Hi-Tech and VersaPharm could not be timely collected and
compiled; and (iii) its internal control over financial reporting was
ineffective.
Akorn Shareholders Have Legal Options
Concerned shareholders who would like more information about their rights and
potential remedies can contact attorney Darnell R. Donahue at (800) 350-6003,
DDonahue@robbinsarroyo.com, or via the shareholder information form on the
firm's website.
Robbins Arroyo LLP is a nationally recognized leader in shareholder rights law.
The firm represents individual and institutional investors in shareholder
derivative and securities class action lawsuits, and has helped its clients
realize more than $1 billion of value for themselves and the companies in which
they have invested.
Attorney Advertising. Past results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
CONTACT: Darnell R. Donahue
Robbins Arroyo LLP
600 B Street, Suite 1900

San Diego, CA 92101
DDonahue@robbinsarroyo.com
(619) 525-3990 or Toll Free (800) 350-6003
www.robbinsarroyo.com
For the original version on GlobeNewswire visit: http://globenewswire.com
/news-release/2015/03/06/713263/10123672/en/Robbins-Arroyo-LLP-Akorn-Inc-AKRX-Mi
sled-Shareholders-According-to-a-Recently-Filed-Class-Action.html 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Western New York, upstate no hotbed of repeal frenzy

BYLINE: Paul McQuillen and eight others

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 459 words


A recent article in the New York Times, "Cuomo's Gun Law Plays Well Downstate
but Alienates Upstate," misrepresents the Western New York and upstate areas as
a whole. The article portrays "upstate" as a united front of anti-SAFE Act
hysteria and repeal frenzy. That misstates the facts.

In reality, upstate opposes the SAFE Act by a relatively small percentage, but
that percentage is considered statistically insignificant in the latest Siena
College poll. Further, if the election is to be viewed as a litmus test on the
SAFE Act upstate, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo leads Westchester County Executive Rob
Astorino here in that same poll 47 percent to 34 percent.

While there are pockets of "repeal" lawn signs and bumper stickers throughout
Western New York, those numbers are dwarfed by the numbers of homes and cars not
sporting such positions. Rather, count the cars and yards that are not
billboards for the National Rifle Association, SCOPE and the corporate gun
lobby.

While the Times' article notes that the law has spawned lawsuits, it fails to
note that those lawsuits have been defeated in both state and federal courts.

There are other reasons that upstate voters may not support Cuomo. Many cite
Common Core, hydrofracking and other matters to be of greater concern. Upstate
voters, like the rest of the state, are more concerned about education, the
economy and jobs. The same Siena College poll shows that the issues motivating
voters are largely economic - 13 percent cite jobs; 12 percent each for taxes
and education; fewer than 5 percent mention guns and the SAFE Act.

While gun ownership is higher upstate, so, too, are gun-related deaths. Because
of the overall low gun ownership (18 percent) and strong gun regulations, New
York has the fourth-lowest gun-death rate in the country despite a population of
20 million people and 80 million visitors annually.

A recent Violence Policy Center report, utilizing data from the Centers for
Disease Control, shows that states with the lowest overall gun-death rates have
both lower rates of gun ownership and strong gun-violence prevention laws.

Conversely, states with weak gun- violence prevention laws and higher rates of
gun ownership have the highest overall gun-death rates in the nation.

Another indication that upstate and Western New York are not hotbeds of repeal
frenzy is that the recent debate between Cuomo and Astorino in Buffalo did not
even merit a question about the SAFE Act. Further, The Buffalo News' endorsement
of Cuomo for re-election did not mention the SAFE Act, the Rochester Democrat &
Chronicle called it "a significant accomplishment" and the Albany Times Union
called it "mostly commendable."

Paul McQuillen is Western New York coordinator of New Yorkers Against Gun
Violence.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            January 10, 2005 Monday

LETTERS, FAXES & E-MAIL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1467 words


Agency has judiciously spent its funds this year

I was disappointed to read the Dec. 31 article headlined, "Program for the
disabled blows budget mid-year." The headline implies that the Division of
Rehabilitation Services has recklessly squandered the funding provided by the
federal government to conduct a program that assists people with disabilities
achieve gainful employment. This is not true. The agency recognized that
expenditures to date were at a level that might lead to a serious shortfall at
the end of the year, and it has taken steps to rectify that situation. I learned
this at a meeting the agency held to fully inform all of its community partners
of the problem and their plan.

This is an agency that placed more than 8,000 people with disabilities in jobs
last year - a difficult year for anyone to find a job. In addition, over 36,000
more are in the process of receiving training, further education and other
services that will lead them to successful employment as well. This is all done
on a budget that has not grown significantly since 1999. We all know how much
the cost of conducting programs has increased in these five years.

None of us likes the fact that some of the people we advocate so strongly for
have to wait longer for services. It doesn't help, however, to misrepresent the
situation or paint a negative picture of an agency that provides important,
life-changing services to those who are routinely turned away by other
employment services.

Ann Ford

Executive director, Illinois Network of

Centers for Independent Living

Springfield

Mandatory jail time could be quite a deterrent

Opinion pieces suggesting that first-time drunken drivers get mandatory prison
(with no discretion allowed to the sentencing judge) prompted me to come up with
a non-exclusive list of dangerous, non-alcohol-related driving behaviors that
could logically also be deterred by mandatory prison:

1) Deliberately driving a vehicle that cannot stop from 62 mph in 160 feet or
less (i.e., vehicles without anti-lock brakes, cars with worn brake pads, etc.).
Mechanical defects or the laws of physics applied to their vehicle can cause
accidents and death.  Mandatory prison time would surely cure this dangerous
behavior.

2) Knowingly driving cars with 60 percent or more tread wear on the tires or
with cheap tires, which therefore cannot stop quickly or steer well enough in
emergency maneuvers. Get these potential murderers off the streets.

3) People caught speeding. One year in jail, period - no supervision. Speed
kills.

4) Any driving by people with reflexes and reaction times equal to or less than
those of an average driver with a .08 blood alcohol level (e.g., people who take
many types of medications, people with physical or mental impairments of various
kinds, people who wear the wrong kind of shoes, aging drivers, clumsy people,
inexperienced drivers, etc.) These impaired drivers are equal to drunks as a
menace to society; mandatory jail time is a must.

5) Knowingly driving a car with less than four-star crash ratings for both
driver and passengers. Such vehicles can kill someone and there are clear
alternatives.

6) Failing to properly restrain a minor passenger, which causes 50 percent of
all child vehicle fatalities.

More than half of traffic fatalities are caused by this kind of carelessness.
Perhaps if we catch drunks who also have one of these other factors, we can
enhance the penalty to lethal injection, saving taxpayers $25,000 a year in
prison costs and making room in the overflowing prisons for people who commit
lesser offenses, like yakking on cell phones while driving. No judge should have
any discretion about any sentencing no matter what the circumstances and
regardless of the judge's experience and knowledge.

Most people need prison time for something, except for me. My judgment is
perfect.

Don Hanrahan

Pleasant Plains

Caremark got an awful good deal with state

I'm wondering who had a part in the decision making with such a deal as the new
drug program with the state of Illinois (CMS) and Caremark that allows people
who have state of Illinois health insurance coverage to get our maintenance
drugs for a 90-day period for the price of two co-pays instead of three co-pays.
Not a bad thing, huh? The catch here is we must use Caremark mail order service
or get the prescriptions filled locally at a participating retail pharmacy.
Sounds real good now!

Oh, but in the whole city of Springfield we get to choose between Osco, Meijer
and recently Target. So far that's all the Springfield pharmacies that have
chosen to participate. Now the kicker is, we can choose to go to another
pharmacy but then we pay double the co-pay for a 30-day supply. It's the penalty
phase. It's been said the choice is simple: Save money or pay extra in penalty.
I have no problem with any particular pharmacy, but what's the real reason the
majority of Springfield pharmacies aren't interested in participating? It might
be it's really not such a good thing after all? What's worse, dealing with mail
order and Caremark or waiting for service from the participating pharmacies
handling all the state employees needs?

And when this fantastic idea was put together, was anyone thinking about the
people on fixed and low incomes? This affects many people not working also who
are covered by state health insurance benefits, some who may be surviving on
disability payments or retired with one income. There may be lower income
households with families that will have a hard time coming up with double
co-pays in order to save. It sounds good in theory and if you've got one or two
maintenance prescriptions, then good for you.

But there are many people on multiple maintenance drugs and no one should be
charged a penalty of an extra co-pay on each maintenance drugs just because they
find it easier to budget for them monthly!  What a deal for Caremark! And is it
really legal for Caremark to make up its own rules and hit people with penalties
for no reason? And where's this penalty money going? Why did CMS agree to this?
Either way, it sounds like Caremark got what it wanted and was in control all
the way.

Dee Proctor

Springfield

Eighth-grader defends program at Franklin

I am an eighth-grader at Franklin Middle School and I feel that the magnet
program here at Franklin challenges all students. Many of my close friends went
to Iles and I feel they are being challenged just as much as anybody else in
this gifted program.

I attended Owen Marsh even though I was accepted for the Iles program. I feel
this program has well-equipped me for high school. It challenges me every day.
The faculty here at Franklin are very well educated and friendly. Not only has
this school given me a good education, it has built me socially in a friendly
environment.

There are many extremely gifted students here who did not attend Iles. I
understand that the Iles program is very good but from my three years here at
Franklin I do not feel it has put its students above the rest in the gifted
program. I am a straight A student here out of only about 15 in the total eighth
grade. Fewer than 10 of those are from the gifted program and only about half
are from Iles. Those figures, I feel, show that this gifted program is very
challenging for the kids from all grade schools.

Zachary Eagleton

Springfield

Boys & Girls Clubs grateful for holiday help

On behalf of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Springfield and the more than 2,000 youth
who participate each year in our comprehensive after-school and summer youth
development programs, thanks to the organizations, businesses and individuals
who made it a special holiday for our youth members.

Special thanks to Springfield native and now L.A. Dodger Jayson Werth for
attending our Central and ABC Unit Christmas parties. It was such a thrill to
have him take the time to meet our youth members and autograph pictures for all.

Thanks, as always, to the American Business Club for hosting a wonderful holiday
party and providing gifts to members of our ABC Unit.

Thanks to AIG/American General for supporting our holiday party at our Central
Unit. Gifts for our Central Unit youth members were provided through generous
donations from Delta Sigma Theta, the Midtown Rotary Club, Four Seasons Sports
Center, members of the Springfield Racquet and Fitness Club, employees of
Siciliano Inc., UIS women's tennis team, Illinois National Bank, Prairie Heart
Institute, Toys for Tots and a large number of caring individuals.

Thanks again to our community members for your generosity. It meant so much to
so many of Springfield's youth and their families.

Craig Campbell

Board president

Kristin Allen

Executive director

Boys & Girls Clubs of Springfield

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nine-year-old Shaqwan Steward, left, shows off his Cardinals shirt to
Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Jayson Werth as he signs autographs at the Boys &
Girls Clubs of Springfield recently. Bryant Williams looks over Werth's
shoulder.

TYPE: LETTERS

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                              600 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 9, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Cloistered Life Clarification

SECTION: Section 6; Page 102, Column 5; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 139 words


In the article, ''The Cloistered Life'' (July 10), Julia Lieblich quoted the
Prioress of the Carmelite Monastery in Haifa, Israel, comparing our
ultraconservatism with their more balanced equilibrium after Vatican II. We
wrote to the Prioress, in Haifa, asking if she had expressed herself to Miss
Lieblich in those terms. The Prioress replied to us, saying, ''I cannot imagine
(Miss Lieblich) could have written (that) because of the fact that we remembered
the affectionate intimacy between our two Communities.''

We are writing to correct the statement by Miss Lieblich, which misrepresents
the reality of our monastic life and gives the impression that our monastery is
not following the correct interpretation of Vatican II.
MOTHER JOSEFA MARIE, D.C., Prioress of the Monastery of Our Lady of Mt. Carmel,
Brooklyn, N.Y.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              601 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 27, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Letter: On Terrorism The Roots of Armenian Violence To the Editor:

SECTION: Section 1; Page 20, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 350 words


No matter how strongly one may disagree with their methods (and our organization
has condemned indiscriminate violence like that perpetrated by the Armenian
Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia in July at Orly Airport), it serves no
purpose to misrepresent the motives of Armenian terrorist organizations and to
ignore the facts by suggesting, as your Aug. 9 editorial does, that they are
motivated exclusively by events of 1915 and are simply killing Turks ''because
of their ethnic identity'' in revenge for Turkish crimes of almost 70 years ago.

Actually, statements issued by these clandestine groups reveal that their acts
are not motivated by revenge at all but are reactions to the policies of the
present Turkish Government: its denial of the genocide, its continued occupation
of western Armenia, its harassment of Armenians in Turkey and abroad and its
refusal to even discuss any peaceful resolution of the Armenian question. These
policies outrage all Armenians, the overwhelming majority of whom have obviously
not resorted to violence but continue to actively demand some measure of
justice.  In sharp contrast to modern Germany's attitudes and actions regarding
the Holocaust, Turkey's present regime honors the memory of the mass murderer
Talaat, and its diplomats have for decades been involved in a callous worldwide
effort not only to deny and distort the truth about the Armenian genocide but
also to block commemorations, like the building of memorials, even in the U.S.
Indeed, evidence indicates that the earliest of violent Armenian actions against
Turkey (in 1975) was in direct reaction to such Turkish provocations,
particularly in the U.N.

Misrepresentation of the facts may reinforce the feeling that the Armenian
question is shrouded by a conspiracy of silence or distortion, thereby possibly
provoking further violence. Truth is critical, whether one is talking about the
historic facts of 1915 or the more politically sensitive actions of 1983.

ARAM KAILIAN Chairman, Armenian National Committee, Eastern Region Boston, Aug.
23, 1983

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: editorial

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              602 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

TCP International Holdings Ltd. (TCPI) Misled Shareholders According to a
Recently Filed Class Action

LENGTH: 487  words


(GlobeNewswire) - Shareholder rights law firm Robbins Arroyo LLP announces that
investors of TCP International Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:TCPI) have filed at least two
separate federal securities fraud class action complaints in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of Ohio. The complaints allege that the company
and certain of its officers and directors violated the Securities Exchange Act
of 1933 in connection with TCP's June 26, 2014 initial public offering and
through February 27, 2015. TCP, together with its subsidiaries, designs,
develops, manufactures, and markets lighting products and accessories to the
commercial, industrial, and retail markets.


View this information on the law firm's Shareholder Rights Blog:
www.robbinsarroyo.com /shareholders-rights-blog/tcp-international-holdings
TCP Misrepresents Its Business Practices
Shares of TCP fell $3.67 per share, or over 57%, to close at $2.74 per share on
February 27, 2015. According to the complaints, the decline is attributable to
the company's disclosure that Laura Hauser, TCP's General Counsel, Secretary,
and Chief Compliance Officer had filed a lawsuit against the company and that
the Company was labeling the lighting fixtures it manufactures as UL and Energy
Star approved when no such approval had been received. Ms. Hauser's lawsuit, in
turn, alleges that TCP's audit committee found that Ellis Yan, the company's
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, had engaged in misconduct
including, but not limited to: (i) overriding company policies on matters such
as capital expenditure; (ii) limiting visibility of financial information and
accountability to the global Chief Financial Officer; and (iii) not following
proper processes for commercial price changes and obsolescence exposure.
TCP Shareholders Have Legal Options
Concerned shareholders who would like more information about their rights and
potential remedies can contact attorney Darnell R. Donahue at (800) 350-6003,
DDonahue@robbinsarroyo.com, or via the shareholder information form on the
firm's website.
Robbins Arroyo LLP is a nationally recognized leader in shareholder rights law.
The firm represents individual and institutional investors in shareholder
derivative and securities class action lawsuits, and has helped its clients
realize more than $1 billion of value for themselves and the companies in which
they have invested.
Attorney Advertising.  Past results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
CONTACT: Darnell R. Donahue

Robbins Arroyo LLP
600 B Street, Suite 1900
San Diego, CA 92101
DDonahue@robbinsarroyo.com
(619) 525-3990 or Toll Free (800) 350-6003
www.robbinsarroyo.com
For the original version on GlobeNewswire visit: http://globenewswire.com
/news-release/2015/03/06/713258/10123663/en/Robbins-Arroyo-LLP-TCP-International
-Holdings-Ltd-TCPI-Misled-Shareholders-According-to-a-Recently-Filed-Class-Actio
n.html 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           October 21, 2006 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CANDIDATE SUES GOP OPPONENT OVER RECENT ADS

BYLINE: Jerome L. Sherman Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: STATE; Pg. B-5

LENGTH: 497 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Steven Porter, a Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in northwestern
Pennsylvania, does not support forced sterilization of rapists. Nor does he
support legalized prostitution.

To prove those points, he's suing his Republican opponent, Rep. Phil English of
Erie.

Mr. Porter's lawyer yesterday filed a writ of summons in Erie, and the Democrat
is accusing the English campaign of running ads that "grossly and maliciously"
misrepresent his arguments in a self-published book that he wrote more than a
decade ago.

"At no time do I say the state has the right to sterilize anyone by force," he
said. Instead, the book -- titled "The Ethics of Democracy" -- presents a series
of philosophical arguments.

Mr. Porter, a former program director for musical theater at Mercyhurst College,
held a news conference at the offices of the Erie Democratic Party to announce
the lawsuit, which a spokesman for Mr. English describes as baseless.

"This is a clear sign of a desperate campaign that is losing handily," said Brad
Moore, Mr. English's campaign manager. "Mr. Porter is continuing to embarrass
himself, the Democratic Party, and the political process."

Mr. Moore said the ads have never mentioned Mr. Porter's writings on
sterilization, but several television and radio spots do say the Democrat has
considered the legalization of prostitution and drugs. Mr. Moore said the
campaign's advertisements had been cleared by lawyers.

Mr. Porter has written more than a dozen books, including several on music
theory and education. A longtime interest in politics compelled him to write
"Ethics," which broadly looks at personal freedoms and government regulation.
Although Mr. Porter argues that the book doesn't necessarily reflect his
personal views, it describes prostitution as an act that involves "willing
participants."

Before moving to Pennsylvania several years ago, Mr. Porter lost four races for
New York State Senate in a heavily Republican area. He is running against Mr.
English for the second time in Pennsylvania's 3rd Congressional District, which
stretches from Lake Erie to parts of Butler and Armstrong counties.

In 2004, Mr. Porter lost by 20 percentage points in the district, and he is
badly trailing Mr. English in fundraising with less than three weeks to go
before this year's election. He describes Mr. English as an unquestioning
supporter of President Bush who has done little to stem the loss of
manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania.

Mr. Moore counters that Mr. English has used his position on the influential
Ways and Means committee to fight for more jobs in the state.

With the backdrop of an unpopular war in Iraq and a series of scandals, the GOP
is facing a difficult election year. But Mr. English, who was first elected in
1994 and is running for his seventh term, doesn't seem likely to lose his seat,
which CQPolitics.com describes as "safe Republican."

Mr. Porter said he isn't seeking money in his lawsuit against the incumbent.

"I'm doing it for justice," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Jerome L. Sherman can be reached at jsherman@post-gazette.com or
202-488-3479.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              604 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                                  May 5, 2008

Lawyers' misconduct triggers new liability trials

BYLINE: By Amy Lynn Sorrel, AMNews staff. May. 5, 2008

SECTION: PROFESSION; Pg. 1 Vol. 51 No. 17

LENGTH: 1347 words



HIGHLIGHT: Two courts found that breaches of courtroom etiquette inappropriately
influenced case outcomes.


A pair of recent court rulings has physicians praising the legal system for
keeping plaintiff attorneys' inappropriate conduct in check and assuring
fairness in the courtroom.

A Michigan appeals court in March found the plaintiff counsel's improper
behavior in a medical liability case was pervasive enough to influence the jury
and prevent a just hearing. The decision follows a similar one in October 2007
by the Ohio Supreme Court regarding a birth injury lawsuit.

Both courts said the physician defendants were entitled to new trials and
admonished the attorneys for deliberate behavior that included misrepresenting
medical testimony or making irrelevant comments; harassing the defendants and
expert witnesses; and improperly appealing to the juries' sympathies.

Legal experts say such rulings are rare, generally because the courts afford
lawyers latitude when representing their clients.

But doctors commended the courts for holding attorneys accountable when they go
too far.

"The right to impartial justice is jeopardized when plaintiff attorneys are
allowed to distort and misrepresent evidence presented to a jury," said Robert
R. McMillan, a New York-based attorney and the nonphysician member of the
American Medical Association Board of Trustees. The Litigation Center of the
American Medical Association and State Medical Societies joined the Ohio State
Medical Assn. in filing a friend-of-the-court brief in the Ohio Supreme Court
case asking for a new trial.

McMillan said plaintiff attorneys "must not be allowed to set aside their
obligation to the most basic principles of justice in pursuit of excessive
verdicts." The $30 million award in the Ohio case is believed to be the state's
highest in a medical liability case.

Such judgments not only drive up medical costs, but they also set a bad
precedent and can impact the way juries view future cases, doctors say.

Daniel J. Schulte, legal counsel to the Michigan State Medical Society, said
decisions like the recent ones in Michigan and Ohio give judges more teeth when
enforcing courtroom rules and offer a strong reminder to lawyers and juries. The
MSMS was not involved in the Michigan case.

"There is a limit to what lawyers can do in the courtroom when advocating on
behalf of their clients. And juries should be focused on the facts and should
make their decision based on the facts in evidence and nothing else," Schulte
said.

Plaintiff attorneys agree there is a certain decorum all lawyers must -- and do
-- follow in the courtroom. Neither of these cases rose to a level that
warranted a new trial, they said.

"There's a difference between doing something wrong and actually affecting the
outcome," said Mark Granzotto, who represented Southfield, Mich., plaintiff
attorney Joseph Konheim in the Michigan appeal.

He said Konheim was "aggressively dealing with the facts of the case," but not
unreasonably so. The Michigan and Ohio rulings could embolden defendants to
challenge legitimate jury verdicts, he added.

Jack M. Beam, who represented plaintiff lawyer Geoffrey Fieger in the Ohio
Supreme Court, said the high court overstepped. He said Fieger, also of
Southfield, Mich., had the right to advocate zealously for his client and the
evidence presented supported the jury's liability finding.

Courts draw the line

Judges in Michigan and Ohio said court records for the cases in question were
replete with improper remarks made by the plaintiff attorneys.

The Michigan appeals court noted the trial judge "valiantly and repeatedly
attempted" to restrain Konheim. "There is a point, however, when an attorney's
deliberate misbehavior becomes so repetitive and egregious that it necessarily
impacts the jury, notwithstanding the judge's efforts. That point was reached
here," the unanimous opinion states.

It also says that Konheim belittled witnesses on the stand and made "irrelevant"
and "disparaging" statements that diverted the jury's attention from the case's
merits. Konheim is asking the court to reconsider.

The lower court jury rendered a $500,000 verdict against Flint, Mich.,
neurologist Bhadrabala B. Ganatra, MD, for an alleged misdiagnosis. The doctor
denies any wrongdoing. A new trial date has not been set.

Deborah A. Hebert, Dr. Ganatra's lawyer, said the courtroom experience was a
"shell-shock" for the physician. "You have this sense you are going to have a
fair proceeding and the jury hears both sides of the story, but [Dr. Ganatra]
felt she never got that chance," Hebert said. "This [ruling] was a vindication
of our judicial system."

Meanwhile, in the Ohio case, Walter Hollins' guardian -- the plaintiff --
alleged the boy's cerebral palsy and severe retardation resulted from negligent
prenatal and postnatal care. The doctor and hospital involved denied any
negligence, according to court documents.

The state Supreme Court concluded the excessive verdict was given under the
influence of "passion and prejudice" after Fieger "intentionally and repeatedly
mischaracterized testimony in an attempt to mislead or confuse the jury." The
court also noted that the plaintiff's expert exaggerated the economic damages
with no medical basis, which also impacted the jury.

"Both the improper expert testimony and the alleged misconduct functioned to
taint more than just the amount of the verdict; indeed, they tainted the jury's
finding of liability itself," the opinion states.

A new trial is slated to begin in March 2009.

Ohio medical defense lawyer Stephen P. Griffin said attorneys have a lot of
leeway, but there are some mechanisms to protect against abuse.

If a doctor's counsel anticipates potential misconduct the defense can file
pretrial motions to alert the judge, Griffin said. "It's the court's
responsibility to see these things enforced, and these decisions put authority
back where it should be -- in the judge's hands."

Hebert said that during a trial, it's important to register with the court any
objections to the plaintiff lawyer's strategy. This creates a record should an
appeal arise.

What the lawyers said

Two courts recently ordered new medical liability trials because the plaintiff
attorneys overstepped their bounds. Here are excerpts from lower court
documents.

Michigan Court of Appeals in Howe v. Boucree

Plaintiff attorney Joseph Konheim to the defendant doctor during
cross-examination: "I suggest that we end this now and that you admit you
violated the standard of care, which caused injuries. That's my suggestion and
stop wasting time. ... This is where you violate the standard of care, so listen
carefully because I don't want you to mess me up."

Konheim to the jury during closing arguments: "There's not a neurologist in the
state of Michigan that supports Dr. Ganatra in this case. So, let's go over to
the next bordering state, Ohio. There wasn't a neurologist in Ohio that would
support Dr. Ganatra. And if we go on to Indiana and Illinois, and then we'll
eventually get to Missouri, where they find a very nice man."

Ohio Supreme Court in Harris v. Mt. Sinai Medical Center

Plaintiff attorney Geoffrey Fieger to various defense experts: "Well, in all
fairness, to you, nothing is a breach of the standard of care. That's why you're
here, right? ... I guess you are in their Rolodex, right, for people that they
need if one of their clients is getting sued and they need somebody to come up
and say that the baby's injury happened way before the doctor committed
malpractice?"

Fieger to the jury during closing arguments: "I am standing here as the voice of
Walter. Walter is a baby in his mother's womb waiting to be born. Doctors,
nurses, I'm suffocating. Please help me be born. ... Please, please nurses, I'm
a little baby. I want to play baseball. I want to hug my mother. I want to tell
her that I love her. Help me. Please help me to be born."

Cases at a glance

Impact: Physicians say the decisions help to ensure that all parties have access
to a fair trial. Plaintiff attorneys say the rulings could encourage doctors to
challenge legitimate verdicts.

Howe v. Boucree, Michigan Court of Appeals; Harris v. Mt. Sinai Medical Center,
Supreme Court of Ohio

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 22, 2016 Sunday

The Blade, Toledo, Ohio, Matt Markey column

BYLINE: Matt Markey, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1316 words


May 22--Words mean things. A wise journalism professor hammered home that point
many years ago, and his directive still resonates with me today. Words are
powerful, potent, and capable of producing great imagery.

But when used improperly, inaccurately, or irresponsibly, words can distort,
misrepresent, or erroneously characterize a critical issue. This appears to be
the case with a recent televised report on Asian carp in Lake Erie. The line
between science and the sensational was blurred to the extent that the viewer
could easily reach conclusions not supported by research, data, or the experts
on this particular subject.

The term Asian carp refers collectively to four species of fish, with varying
destructive abilities and risk factors. Bighead and silver carp pose the
greatest threat to the Great Lakes fishery, since they are filter feeders that
radically disrupt the food web. They are also prolific breeders, dominating the
waters in many areas where they are present. Black carp feed on mussels and
snails, while grass carp damage wetlands habitat by consuming aquatic
vegetation.

This TV report mentioned a physical barrier being completed in a marsh in
northern Indiana, a berm that is meant to keep bighead and silver carp, which
have proliferated in the nearby Wabash River, from migrating into the headwaters
of the Maumee River. The report then mentioned that Asian carp were already
present in the Great Lakes so "big changes" would be coming to the shores of
Lake Erie. The report failed to make the clear distinction that the barrier is
aimed at bighead and silver carp, not at grass carp, which were ultimately the
focus of this TV segment.

The report cited the presence of grass carp in the Sandusky River system, where
a few rogue adults and juveniles have been found, but used phrasing such as
"fish meant to be sterile" were apparently breeding "just like the dinosaurs in
Jurassic Park ." The presence of grass carp was referred to as a "plague."

Patrick M. Kocovský, a PhD research fishery biologist with the U.S. Geological
Survey's Lake Erie Biological Station in Sandusky, is widely recognized as an
expert on grass carp and he presented a scientific paper on this invasive
species at the 76th Midwest Fish and Wildlife Conference in January.

"I would not go to the point of calling it a plague," Kocovský said about the
presence of grass carp in the Lake Erie system. "It is a species of concern
looking forward, but as of this point in time, no one has done an estimate of
the number of fish in the lake, so we can't point to any research that supports
that statement."

Grass carp, also called white amur, were introduced in the United States in the
1960s as a biological tool to help control nuisance aquatic plant growth in
southern aquaculture operations. But because of the risk to the ecosystem if
established breeding populations were to develop, only sterile or triploid grass
carp are permitted to be sold in most states. Many states also have rules
against stocking the sterile fish in waters with an outlet, which could allow
them to migrate into other waters.

The sterilization process involves putting the eggs of the fish under pressure
so three sets of DNA are present in every cell (triploid), instead of the normal
two sets (diploid). The triploidy process renders the fish sterile. Many ponds
in Ohio have triploid grass carp stocked in very small numbers to help control
vegetation. It is illegal to possess either diploid or triploid grass carp in
Michigan. Adult grass carp have been found in Lake Erie since at least the
mid-1980s, and extensive field research suggests these were likely unlawful or
accidental releases of lone fish.

Most of the grass carp removed from the Lake Erie system have been genetically
triploid fish, meaning they cannot reproduce. To suggest, as the report did,
that some bizarre transformation takes place where sterile fish are suddenly
rendered capable of reproduction, has no foundation in science, Kocovský said.

"I don't see, based on the research, any evidence of that Jurassic Park- type of
change taking place," he said. "That floors me -- those are not terms you want
to use when you are talking about real science."

Jeff Tyson, the Lake Erie Program Administrator for the Ohio Division of
Wildlife, said that while the presence of any grass carp in the Lake Erie system
is certainly a concern, all indications point to an extremely low number of
fish. He cited a huge joint field research effort last year when agencies from
several U.S. states and Canada converged along the Michigan shoreline of Lake
Erie for an intensive search for grass carp. After more than 20 vessels spent 96
hours in the water electroshocking in search of grass carp, just two fish were
found.

"We are, however, working closely with both university and agency researchers to
gather more information on grass carp, to help inform any future response to
grass carp, and potentially bighead and silver carp, so these are as effective
as they can be at limiting or eliminating the risks of these species
establishing in the system," Tyson said. "We could run around with shock boats
every day, but that is not effective action at this time. It is not feasible to
spend your time and resources chasing ghost fish. We need more meaningful
science."

Chris Vandergoot, a fisheries biologist and supervisor of the Ohio Department of
Natural Resources' Sandusky Fisheries Research Station, said the Jurassic Park
reference was irresponsible.

"It is categorically wrong to say this is evidence of 'nature finding a way' for
sterile fish to reproduce. The reference to Jurassic Park is completely
misleading," he said. "That's not the way these things work. It's not like these
fish have gone through some process and all of a sudden you have a mule that can
produce babies. This is just wrong."

Tyson said that while all invasive fish pose a threat to the Great Lakes, it is
inaccurate to characterize the threat as the same for all species of Asian carp.
The damage that could potentially take place if bighead and/or silver carp were
to become established in the lakes is significantly greater, he said.

"In my mind, grass carp are a completely different animal than bighead and
silvers, and the risks are completely different," he said. "Grass carp can
modify habitat, but no, they do not impact the food web the way bighead and
silvers do. Bighead and silver carp would have direct competition with the
inhabitants of the lake that we focus so much of our efforts on (walleye, perch,
smallmouth bass and other gamefish)."

Tyson, Vandergoot, and Kocovský agree that any nonnative or invasive fish or
other invasive species present a threat to the ecosystem and the balance in the
lake, but they failed to see the very rare instances when grass carp have been
found in the Lake Erie system as constituting the crisis portrayed in the TV
report.

"It is disconcerting whenever we find something in the lake that does not belong
there, but it is also not a Jurassic Park situation," Tyson said.

Vandergoot said it is very risky to "cherry pick" certain phrases from longer
statements, and present them as factual.

"The 'plague' is in the Illinois River, not here in Ohio," he said, referring to
the presence of a substantial numbers of bighead and silver carp in that
waterway, which is part of the Mississippi River system. "It's not like there is
a huge population of these things lurking right below the water line in Lake
Erie. I have seen hundreds of samples from Lake Erie, and I can count on one
hand the number of grass carp I have seen. We are concerned and we are watching
these things very closely, but the sky is not falling."

Contact Blade outdoors editor Matt Markey at: mmarkey@theblade.com or
419-724-6068.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160522-TO-The-Blade-Toledo-Ohio-Matt-Markey-column-0522-20160522

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                              606 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       July 18, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

Your Money: Check, then donate;
Recipients, deductions scrutinized

BYLINE: HANK EZELL

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 680 words


Tax breaks of all sorts are pouring out of Congress, but there's one goody that
our elected leaders may crack down on.

They are concerned about supersized deductions for giving cars, trucks, boats
and other vehicles to charity.

A bill now in conference committee would make it harder to misrepresent the
value of a donated vehicle.

That would be a second source of worry for taxpayers who want to do well by
doing good.

The first worry is the long-standing question of whether your favorite charity
gets any significant portion of the value of your gift. A recent study from the
Government Accountability Office says charities often receive less than 5
percent of the value claimed as deductions.

All this doesn't mean that giving your old car to charity is a bad idea. But it
does demonstrate that honest and good-hearted donors should be very careful in
selecting which charity gets the old clunker.

The problems exist because there is plenty of money to be made and because there
is little or no government oversight.

In 2000, at least 733,000 taxpayers claimed deductions for donated vehicles,
according to the GAO report. Their tax savings came to $654 million, although
the GAO admits that is a very rough estimate.

Auctioneers, used-car dealers and other third parties in all likelihood made
profits much larger than that.

On the enforcement side, the Internal Revenue Service hasn't paid attention, at
least until recently. The reason, according the the GAO: Other connivances
result in much more serious revenue losses. Some state governments have spotted
wrongdoing here and there, including sales proceeds that never got to the
charities involved, and used-car lots that claimed to be charities but were not.

On the whole, however, most taxpayers, charities and auto sales agencies didn't
have to worry that they might get caught.

You have to remember what Atlanta's own Andrew Young once said, back when he was
the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations: "If you turn the lights out, folks
will steal." He spoke after the 1977 New York City blackout, and he was thinking
of an entirely different class of looters, of course.

The GAO report contains some real jaw-droppers. It traced, for example, the case
of a 1986 Toyota 4-Runner. The owner claimed a charitable deduction of $3,950.
The vehicle actually sold for $300. The charity received $5.

Another taxpayer claimed a $4,999 deduction for a 1995 Toyota pickup truck. Note
that if the taxpayer claimed just $1 more, he would have had to get a written
appraisal and fill out more IRS paperwork. The truck sold for $1,800, and the
charity got $1,290.

Taxpayer greed is not the only problem. Many charities, especially smaller ones,
hook up with a dealer or auctioneer and turn the program over to that third
party. The charity may get a flat rate per car, perhaps $75, no matter what the
eventual sales price.

In a recent hearing, the Senate Finance Committee uncovered one case in which an
auction company disabled a car, sold it for a song to its own used-car
operation, fixed it and resold it for a fair price.

In Atlanta, dozens of charities will accept donations of used cars, and most
turn the process over to a third party.

The Salvation Army may well be among the biggest recipients, bringing in about
60 cars a week. Salvation Army employees pick up the cars, and other employees
attend every auction.

As a result, said spokeswoman Kathy Burke, the Salvation Army receives 85
percent of the sales price. Last year that came to $1.2 million, or about 20
percent of its budget for adult rehabilitation and thrift store operations.

Consumer advocate Clark Howard recommends the Salvation Army (call 404-522-9785
or 1-800-958-7825) and the National Kidney Foundation
(www.kidney.org/funds/kidneycars/index.cfm) as worthwhile charities. (He also
recommends Goodwill Industries, but the Atlanta organization does not accept
cars.)

One other alternative: Sell the car yourself, then give the cash to your
favorite charity.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Frank Konkel (left) and Jay Rickard unload a Ford pickup truck
donated to the Salvation Army, which takes in about 60 cars a week in metro
Atlanta. / RENEE HANNANS HENRY / Staff; Graphic: VEHICLE DONATIONS: DOING IT
RIGHT

* Make sure it's a real charity. Watch out for names that are close to those of
familiar organizations. Check that the charity is qualified for deductible
contributions. You can do that at www.guidestar.org or by going to www.irs.gov
and searching for Publication 78.

* Talk directly to the charity. If you respond to an ad, you may fall in with a
bogus charity or a profit-driven organization. Ask how the car will be used. If
it will be sold, ask what portion of the proceeds will go to the charity.

* Check the rules. For a new IRS booklet on the subject, go to
www.irs.gov/pub/irs-tege/pub4303.pdf.

* Check the Georgia secretary of state's records for undesirable solicitations.
You can start at www.sos.state.ga.us/pressrel/020604.htm.

* Itemize your deductions. If you take the standard deduction, you can't claim a
charitable deduction.

* Calculate fair market value. You may read that you can always claim the full
values listed in car buyer guides, no matter what shape your car is in. Don't
believe it. For detailed instructions, go to www.irs.gov and search for
Publication 526, Charitable Deductions, and Publication 561, Determining the
Value of Donated Property.

* Document your contribution. Get a receipt from the charity, especially if you
value the car at more than $250. It's a good idea to take a photograph of the
car. Make sure the car title is transferred to the charity's name and keep a
copy of this record. If you rely on newspaper ads to help determine a value,
keep a copy of those ads.; Photo: A familiar charity, the Salvation Army,
solicits for vehicle donations on the back of its trucks. / RENEE HANNANS HENRY
/ Staff

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              607 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             August 5, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Leaders: Border must fight perception

BYLINE: By, Elida S. Perez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 793 words


Border communities must present a unified voice and take charge of the
discussion to change negative perceptions of the region, political and business
leaders said during the first day of the 2016 U.S.-Mexico Border Summit.

The U.S. and Mexican ambassadors also stressed the need for infrastructure
improvements.

"There could not be a more important time for us to be able to effectively share
our message," said U.S. Rep. Beto O'Rourke, D-El Paso. "The U.S.-Mexico
relationship fundamentally is being questioned in this country and is under
attack, with calls to separate ourselves from our historic neighbor, partner and
ally."

The U.S.-Mexico border has been used as a source of negative political rhetoric
by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on several occasions during his
campaign. He has made controversial comments about Mexican immigrants and has
said he wants to build a "bigger" wall between the two countries, among other
statements.

"Candidates misrepresent and demonize the border," El Paso businessman Woody
Hunt said, adding that the perception of the 2,000-mile border region needs to
change and border communities must take the lead.

"We have a perception/reality issue between the way the rest of the country
views the border and the value of the border, our relationships and their own
self-interests," Hunt said. "We need to change this gap between perception and
the reality."

Hunt said having the summit and bringing leaders from other border cities
together will help create a consensus and strategies to take charge of
eliminating that gap. He also said building political consensus and adopting
policies and regulations that allow the region to fulfill its competitive
potential will aid in the efforts to change those perceptions.

"There's no silver bullet. It's trying to build scale and begin to use that
scale to better communicate to leaders, political leaders and hopefully get to a
point where politicians don't use the 'gap' we have allowed to be created for
their own self-interest. When they do that, they are making that gap worse by
continuing to represent the border for their own gain," Hunt said.

The summit, organized by the Borderplex Bi-National Economic Alliance
Foundation, drew local business leaders, educators, elected officials from the
city and county, and dignitaries from the U.S. and Mexico, as well as leaders
from border communities in Arizona, California and Texas. Thursday's event took
place at the Judson F. Williams Convention Center.

The ambassadors from the U.S. and Mexico emphasized the need for quality
infrastructure while maintaining security.

"There are very few borders that are this long and this complicated," U.S.
Ambassador to Mexico Roberta Jacobson said.

Jacobson said issues along the northern and southern borders of the U.S. are
very similar.

"It's a lack of infrastructure and who we think is better," Jacobson said. She
said in both cases, when an improvement to infrastructure occurs, volume
increases.

Jacobson said innovative programs are being used, but the move to establish an
interchangeable pass that can be used at border crossings needs to be done more
quickly.

"We are getting there," she said.

Mexican Ambassador Carlos Sada said resources need to be better utilized in
order to strengthen infrastructure, while also maintaining security and law
enforcement - which he said are key characteristics to a smart border.

"What's being done at the local level is fundamental, but they need to be
adopted by Washington and Mexico City," Sada said.

Panelists shared ideas that might help develop cohesion between border cities
from Texas to California.

Mike Gonzalez, executive director of United Brownsville - a coordinating board
comprised of private and city officials - said because border communities share
similar dynamics, an effort should be made to establish a regional workforce
development plan in partnership with educational institutions.

"It's on us to redefine what we are about," Gonzalez said.

The panelists also brainstormed ways of developing best practices, as well as
educational outreach about the border that shares facts about trade. They also
discussed possibly creating a unified plan that could help streamline meeting
border crossings' infrastructure and capital improvement needs.

Marissa Walker, senior vice president of the Arizona Commerce Authority, said
many people in other parts of the country do not realize the origins of some of
the products or produce they use and consume.

"If you don't get out there and adjust the narrative, it will be adjusted for
you," Walker said.

The summit continues Friday in Juárez and concludes with an international 10K
run.

Elida S. Perez may be reached at 546-6137; eperez@elpasotimes.com;
@ElidaSPerezEPT on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: elp


                          Copyright 2016 El Paso Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 2, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Family Life Program Refocuses Public Discussion

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 399 words


To the Editor:

I strongly disagree with the arguments and conclusions of ''The Family-Planning
Ploy'' by Lawrence Lader (Op-Ed, Dec. 12). It is not the aim of the Reagan
Administration to attack legitimate family-planning services.

Further, Mr. Lader's discussion of the Adolescent Family Life program seriously
misrepresents its intent and focus. The A.F.L. program supports 70 projects
around the country to demonstrate strategies in dealing with the serious problem
of teen-age pregnancy. Two-thirds of these projects provide services for already
pregnant and parenting teen-agers. The remaining third are working with
teen-agers and parents to discourage premature sexual involvement. We believe
this is a goal with which most parents of adolescents would agree.

A.F.L. projects do not teach the ''rhythm'' method or any other method of family
planning. When family-planning services are needed by sexually active
teen-agers, A.F.L. projects provide counseling and referral to Title X
family-planning clinics in the community. No A.F.L. project is permitted to
teach or advocate any particular religion or dogma. A condition of each project
grant award specifically prohibits this. Projects are permitted, even
encouraged, to teach values. But these may not be presented in any religious
context.

We have only 2 projects in Massachusetts, not 80, and most of the funds in these
2 projects help to improve the health and well-being of pregnant and parenting
teen-agers and their babies. The sex-education project that is funded in
Massachusetts provides services almost exclusively in public, not Roman
Catholic, schools. This is in keeping with another condition of the grant award,
which requires that the project's instruction must be accessible to the general
public.

Far from being a narrowly focused ''chastity'' program, as it has been
characterized in some quarters, the Adolescent Family Life program has, we
believe, had the effect of refocusing public discussion about adolescent
pregnancy, emphasizing that the causes are complex, involving family structure,
family functioning and adolescent self-esteem. It has also helped to focus
attention on the insufficiency of contraception alone as a social response to
the problem. JO ANN GASPER Washington, Dec. 14, 1985 The writer is Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Population Affairs, Department of Health and Human
Services.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              609 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 29, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK;
WESTWAY DEFICIT (2)

BYLINE: By Sydney H. Schanberg

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 867 words


We still do not know the full extent of the Westway cover-up by the Federal and
state officials and by their consultants and lawyers, but what has emerged so
far in a Federal courtroom here makes it plain that a special, independent
prosecutor is needed to get at the truth.

The judge hearing the case, Thomas P. Griesa, urged, cajoled and admonished the
Westway project witnesses and their lawyers to honor their oaths and their sworn
duty to tell the truth -all to no avail, in his opinion. He spoke of ''false''
testimony, and still the proponents of this $4 billion superhighway-waterfront
scheme seemed unimpressed.

A special prosecutor is therefore the only effective alternative left to expose
the scam of this enormous boondoggle.  Listen to some of Judge Griesa's
entreaties to the attorneys from Beveridge & Diamond, who represented the
state's Westway project witnesses: ''I just want the truth, and I want these
witnesses to obey their oaths... It is the obligation of the lawyers to see that
their clients obey that oath....''

Later in this just-ended second phase of the Westway trial (on which a decision
on infractions of the environmental law is due shortly), Judge Griesa said,
referring to a key document he said had been ''drafted ... with an intent to
misrepresent'': ''... that response was false, flatly false. And you don't draft
up false responses simply because something is of no importance... This court
wants to know what happened, and these witnesses better be told to tell the
truth....''

But the Westway witnesses persisted in their ''version of the facts,'' and at
the end of the trial, the judge, disturbed, talked of ''perjury'' and said: ''It
just didn't happen that way ... this is a very, very bad situation....''

The cover-up exposed by the judge and the trial record centers on documents that
officials and their attorneys withheld, distorted and told untruths about -
apparently because the statements and data in these documents could show that
Westway officials had violated Federal environmental law. It would appear the
officials felt these circumventions of the law were necessary to win approval of
the Westway boondoggle. They knew that if these were exposed, the entire project
could face cancellation - as it should.

As the state's witnesses in procession struggled to deny cover-up, the trial
record kept revealing deeper and deeper layers of it. Memos kept bursting to the
surface from their hiding places that contained statements by Westway offi-cials
that the project, with its vast landfilling of the Hudson River, could do severe
damage to important aquatic life, particularly striped bass. Yet Westway
witnesses denied repeatedly that such concerns were expressed at any of the
meetings described in the memos.

One such witness was Lowell K. Bridwell, a management consultant, who until
recently was executive director of the Westway Project, an adjunct of the State
Transportation Department, and whose firm, SYDEC, is also an integral part of
the project.

Mr. Bridwell's testimony was indicative of the state's attitude about releasing
information. Asked under cross-examination if he deemed it proper ''to withhold
information'' from his adversaries in the court suit, he replied: ''Yes, if the
data are critical to the court proceedings, then I think that is a perfectly
proper process.'' He went on to explain that he had, indeed, withheld data.

Documents at the trial showed also that Mr. Bridwell - who is now Maryland's
Secretary of Transportation -refused to provide requested data about fish life
to the Federal Corps of Engineers because the Corps would not agree to hide the
information from people seeking it under the Freedom of Information Act.

There is nothing penny-ante about the Westway cover-up. Enormous amounts of
money are involved -even now, before one inch of roadbed has been laid. More
than $90 million has already been spent or obligated for groundwork studies and
preparation. Mr. Bridwell's company, SYDEC, has received or billed $8 million so
far. The law firm in the trial, Beveridge & Diamond, has billed for an
additional nearly $900,000. And another law firm (not involved in this trial) -
Cravath, Swaine & Moore -has received $991,000. It's a veritable check-writing
pipeline and spoils system.

Except for Lewis Lehrman, who opposes Westway, all the major candidates for
Governor - Mayor Koch, Lieut. Gov. Cuomo, Paul Curran - all support the project.
Governor Carey, departing, and David Rockefeller, are two of its prime
champions. The big unions are for it, looking for their piece of the pie.

Whatever their beliefs about the merits of the project, will they recognize the
need for an investigation into the deep, underlying scandal, or will they remain
mute - as, inexplicably, have the city's daily newspapers, who failed to cover
the trial.

Maybe the Westway advocates think that if they maintain a code of silence, the
wrongdoing will fade away. It won't.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-ed

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              610 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                January 31, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Disney takes mickey out of Scots heroes;
Chief scientist is angered by Epcot theme park claims that ignore nation's
leading inventors, writes Marc Horne

BYLINE: Marc Horne

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 619 words


SCOTLAND'S chief scientist has asked the Disney Corporation to change some of
the exhibits at its Epcot theme park because she claims it misrepresents the
achievements of some of the country's most successful inventors.

Professor Anne Glover accused Disney World in Florida of airbrushing some of
Scotland's greatest scientific achievements from history.

The Inventors' Circle, which commemorates the world's greatest scientific
pioneers, ignores the contribution of John Logie Baird, attributing the
invention of the television to American Philo Farnsworth.

Plaques also suggest that Alexander Fleming, the Ayrshire-born father of
penicillin, was English and Alexander Graham Bell, the Edinburghborn inventor of
the telephone, was American.

Glover, the Scottish government's chief scientific adviser, has urged Disney to
change the plaques and to give Scotland the prominence it deserves. "These
plaques appear to be an expression of a poor appreciation of geography," she
said. "Scotland is home to about 0.08% of the world's population but it has had,
and continues to have, a truly enormous impact in terms of science, engineering
and technology and generating great inventions."

Glover, who is based at Aberdeen University, urged bosses at Disney to read the
bestselling book How the Scots Invented the Modern World by the American author
and academic Arthur Herman.

"He is a well-educated American, unlike the designers of the Disney plaques,"
she said.

Malcolm Baird, Logie Baird's son, was dismayed that his father's achievements
had been overlooked and called for the omission to be rectified. The 74-year-old
retired academic, who lives in Canada, said he was perplexed by Disney's
assertion that television was created by Farnsworth in 1928.

While Farnsworth developed the first fully electronic television, Baird gave the
first public demonstration of his electromechanical version two years earlier.
"My father took out the first of his many television patents in 1923 and he
publicly demonstrated a complete system of television on January 26, 1926," he
said.

"In February 1928 he sent a picture across the Atlantic from London to New York
and this led to banner headlines in The New York Times and other American
papers."

Farnsworth conceded that he did not create the first TV, stating: "My
contribution was to take out the moving parts [from Logie Baird's system] and
make the thing entirely electronic."

Disney denied it had misrepresented the achievements of Scots inventors,
claiming the countries listed on the plaques referred to the countries where the
inventions took place rather than the nationality of the inventor.

"On these historical markers the event is listed alongside the name of the
inventor, the year in which the discovery was made and the location where the
breakthrough took place," said a spokeswoman.

"We acknowledge that there were many people working on the invention of the
television around the same time, however, Philo Farnsworth is credited as he was
the first to get a patent and transmit a television signal." Nevertheless, Alyn
Smith, the SNP MEP, said the exhibit was misleading.

"Any visitor would assume that the stated country refers to the birthplace of
the inventor," he said. "By this logic Neil Armstrong would find 'the moon'
written next to his name. We don't mind sharing our fantastic inventions with
the world but suggesting that Fleming and Graham Bell are not Scottish is just a
cheek."

Fleming discovered penicillin at a laboratory in St Mary's hospital, London, in
1928.

Bell, a graduate of Edinburgh University, was based in Boston when he patented
the telephone. Epcot, which is dedicated to science, technology and space,
attracts almost 11m visitors every year.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Glover, below, wants Disney to change the plaques, above, at Epcot to
identify Fleming, right, and Bell as Scottish

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2010 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          December 11, 2003, Thursday

JACKO'S PARENTS: HE LOVES CHILDREN

BYLINE: By CORKY SIEMASZKO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 305 words


Michael Jackson's mom says the people who have accused her pop star son of
molesting a boy are "just mean."

"People just misrepresent Michael when they say these ugly things about him,"
Katherine Jackson says in an interview that airs tomorrow on ABC's "20/20." "He
loves children."

Jackson's mom said she was about to head to her Bible study class last month
when she learned her son had been charged with molesting a 13-year-old boy.

"I turned on the TV and . . . people were making these accusations about
Michael," she said. "I just couldn't go. And I just sat down and said, 'Not
again.' "

Calling her son a "real good father," Katherine Jackson said her son was moved
to help children as a teen when he saw sick kids with "flies flying all around
their mouth" on TV. "He'd sit there and tears would come in his eyes," she said.
"And he'd say, 'One day, I'm gonna do something about this.' "

"He has helped so many people," said Jackson's dad, Joe. "He gives to all kind
of charities and things - that never hits the news."

The parental show of support for the embattled entertainer comes after the
Jackson defense team got some ammunition - a Los Angeles child welfare memo from
February that clears Jackson of molesting the same boy. Santa Barbara, Calif.,
officials said they were aware of the memo when they arrested Jackson last month
and don't consider it "a significant factor."

The interview for "20/20" was done by Daphne Barak, who works for a production
company run by the daughter of Fox media mogul Rupert Murdoch.

Based on the early transcripts ABC released, it's only when Barak asks Joe
Jackson which of his eight kids is the most talented that the King of Pop's
parents squirm. "Let me name you three," Joe Jackson said. "It would be,
Michael, it would be Jermaine and it would be Janet."


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              612 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 23, 2002 Sunday Home Edition

LETTERS

BYLINE: ERIC HOVDESVEN, J.K. FLOYD, TODD STRIPLING, TEHLMA HEYWOOD, ALLAN J.
DENIRO, DAVID CORR, THOMAS R. SUKALAC, MARTY LEDUKE, ROBERT SHARPE, GARY PARKER,
JOHN LANGSTON, PATRICIA SEABORN, SAM HOPKINS, FRANK PARHAM, SCOTT LEVITAN,
NAFEES SYED

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 9E

LENGTH: 2476 words


Tucker's attacks on McKinney lack merit

In her June 9 column ("GOP to blame for blacks' fear of the 'R' word"), Cynthia
Tucker continues to misrepresent U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney's call for an
investigation into intelligence failures before accepting the administration's
unprecedented military spending increases under the guise of responding to Sept.
11.

What is most troubling is that the attacks by Tucker, the head editorialist of
Atlanta's only daily metrowide newspaper, have become embarrassingly emotional
and mean-spirited.

Apparently, Tucker knows that the facts do not support her incessant attacks on
the congresswoman so she reverts to name-calling, hurling words such as "wild
and wacky," "loose cannon" and "outrageous rhetoric."

Finally, as if that isn't enough, Tucker finishes the job with her underlying
message that McKinney and those who vote for her are somehow of lesser intellect
than Tucker and her Harvard-educated friends.

Well, shoot, even I can see what is going on here.

ERIC HOVDESVEN , Atlanta

Mentally ill inmates: DeKalb system could serve as a model for Fulton

What a travesty to lock up people who are mentally ill and have done nothing
wrong except exhibit problems associated with their illness ("Jailing mentally
ill strains dollars, sense," @Issue, June 16).

Overcrowding in the Fulton County Jail? Where are the community mental health
programs and housing alternatives that were promised to these folks before the
psychiatric hospitals were closed?

Since May 2001, DeKalb County has offered a mental health court program "model"
for persons with mental illness and alcohol/drug issues who commit nonviolent
misdemeanor offenses. This is a great start. Has anyone from Fulton looked to
see how it might translate into the problems Fulton is now addressing?

Lack of humane care is the same all over the state and country. Why can't
regions and state government work together to help these vulnerable people? This
is a pitiful state of affairs, and taxpayers ought to be appalled.

MARTY LeDUKE, Ellenwood

Treatment better than incarceration

Your June 16 editorial was right on target. Jail cells are hardly ideal health
interventions.

A study conducted by the Rand Corp. found that every additional dollar invested
in substance abuse treatment saves taxpayers $7.46 in societal costs.
Incarcerating nonviolent drug offenders alongside hardened criminals is the
equivalent of providing them a taxpayer-funded education in criminal behavior.

Imagine if every alcoholic were thrown in jail and given a permanent criminal
record. How many lives would be destroyed? How many families torn apart?

How many tax dollars would be wasted turning potentially productive members of
society into unemployable ex-cons?

ROBERT SHARPE

Sharpe, of Arlington, Va., is program officer of the Drug Policy Alliance of
Washington.

Leaders take away representation

I apologize if I'm a "Johnny-come-lately" in reacting to the final settlement of
General Assembly reapportionment. Here are two discoveries I just made:

* In helping the local historical society write a grant for restoration of a
school building on Old Atlanta Highway in Newnan, my wife needed to know the
state Senate district for the building. After using the map service at
georgia2000.net, the best I can tell her is this: If the building is about 700
feet north of the intersection with Howard Hughes Road, it is in District 30. If
it is south of that point, it is in District 28. Having driven through that
area, I believe it is entirely possible there will be Coweta County neighbors
who are in different House districts!

* Curious about my personal situation, I checked out my address (about a mile
from Newnan High School) and found that I am now in a district geographically
dominated by Heard County --- the 88th District blankets Heard, with a sliver of
land extending up through Newnan and capturing my house. I believe that there
are about five or six miles of Cowetans between my house and Heard County who
are not in my district.

It is highly unlikely that my new brothers and sisters in Heard county share my
concerns about the growth and development in Coweta County, our public schools,
taxes, etc. You might say that our state House representative has little to do
with those local issues, but if you believe that, you have not paid much
attention to Georgia politics over the last few decades.

Our Democrat-controlled assembly, with the blessing of our Democrat governor,
has basically taken away my constitutional representation in a last-ditch
attempt to salvage its majority in the assembly. I will vote, in every assembly
and statewide race this fall, for the Republican candidate, and hope and pray
there are more folks like me out there.

J.K. FLOYD, Newnan

Whining Wooten ignores numbers

It's getting funnier and funnier, the way whiny-pants columnist Jim Wooten gets
the heebie-jeebies over the Democrats, better known to him as those mean ol'
"liberals."

He keeps alleging there's a one-party political system in Georgia, but if you
count the number of Republicans in the state House and Senate, you'll find a
whole mess of them. And, Mr. Whiny-Pants keeps ignoring the fact that eight of
Georgia's 11 members of the U.S. House of Representatives are Republicans.

What Mr. Whiny-Pants really seems to want is a one-party Republican system, both
in Georgia and in the Congress.

Put such whiny-pants, fuddy-duddy columnists where they belong --- on the comic
page.

SAM HOPKINS, Big Canoe

Capital punishment: Don't give citizens less than terrorists

How long will Americans stay strong when so many continually see one justice for
the privileged and purported justice for the rest of us?

Most poor Americans, including Georgians, watch without surprise that terrorists
committed to destroying America are appointed the most capable and committed of
lawyers to defend their lives, while the poor are barely appointed the worst of
lawyers to defend them.

Wallace Fugate, an American citizen, is scheduled to be executed soon. Fugate,
like the 90 percent of other Georgians who cannot afford the $200,000 in legal
expenses to defend himself in a death penalty case, got the worst of lawyers.

The sentencing phase of his case took less than 30 minutes. I suspect an
outright lynching in the old days took longer.

Fugate, a carpenter with no prior criminal record, had an altercation with his
ex-wife in which he shot and killed her. He immediately surrendered to
authorities and steadfastly maintains the gun discharged accidentally.

Admittedly, he was as wrong as can be. However, the tragic events of this case
do not warrant execution. Most district attorneys in Georgia apparently see it
that way as well, since they do not seek the death penalty in similar cases.

The Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles has the last say as to whether Fugate
lives or dies. If its final answer is that he deserves execution, it says to
Georgians and all other Americans that its citizens deserve less than a
terrorist.

Americans will defend what they possess. I fear too many of us feel we possess
little in terms of freedom and justice.

GARY PARKER, Lithonia

Fugate should get death penalty

Wallace Fugate, without a doubt, deserves the death penalty.

There are many items other than a gun that can be used to subdue or injure
another person. If Fugate did not intend to kill his ex-wife, he shouldn't have
brought a gun. It was his decision and his responsibility for the consequences.
He shot her dead after beating her with the gun.

The gun went off because he had his finger on the trigger and she died because
the gun was next to her head. End of story. No accident, no excuses.

JOHN LANGSTON, Rex

Death penalty should be abolished

Because I am the family member of a recently executed inmate, I feel I must
respond to the question of execution.

My family member spent 25 years on death row and was then executed. In no way
was he the same man sentenced in 1977.

Execution does not punish the inmate --- it punishes his or her family. The
inmate is finally free. He knows no more pain, no more isolation, no more
torture from the crime he committed. His family, on the other hand, lives with
years of sadness and grief for the criminal act and the victim's family, grief
for the loved one whose life was destroyed by taking another life, financial
hardship and the pain of visitation but always hoping for commutation to a life
sentence.

Why force good human beings (prison officials) to kill another human being,
leaving them with the nightmare of taking life --- not once but many times? It
must stop. Please search your souls and support the abolishment of the death
penalty. We cannot afford to kill more people, either morally or financially.

PATRICIA SEABORN, Martinez

Pornography: Story served as promotional piece

Good call, Atlanta Journal-Constitution. On Father's Day, on the front page, you
promote the "King of Porn."

Here we have a divorced man with a daughter living in New Jersey who, it is
implied, has no contact with her biological father. A divorced man who now has a
Russian bride/wife. A divorced man who has invaded a reasonably decent community
and forced his undesirable business into a family area. If John Cornetta is so
pleased with his empire, why doesn't he bring his daughter into the business?
Maybe he would like her to participate in some of the videos and magazines he
peddles.

[Reporter Doug] Nurse asked no pointed questions of Cornetta, and the only
"official" he quotes is a state legislator who really has no control in such
local affairs. Here are some ideas on how to practice true journalism: Ask
Cornetta's biological daughter what she thinks. Ask her if she would like to
become part of the "industry."

TODD STRIPLING, Norcross

Ill-advised placement

As a libertarian, I believe John Cornetta has a legal right to make his living
as he does. I do, however, question the editorial judgment of The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution in deciding to run a free front page ad for this sexual
purveyor.

Please, just ignore him. Those who really want him can find him without your
help.

THOMAS R. SUKALAC, Mableton

Merchant strictly a small-time player

It is amazing to me that with the tens of thousands of entrepreneurs and
emerging businesses in the Atlanta metropolitan area, the editors of The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution believe that a man whose highest career aspiration is to
sell skin magazines and blow-up dolls deserves page one coverage on the largest
newspaper circulation day of the week ("The King of Porn," June 16).

For [John] Cornetta, who "lives for the fight," I hope he gets his wish a
hundred times each day. His story, however, is neither compelling nor
interesting. He is just another small-time player who will come and go like the
wind because even vices eventually reach a bottom depth. His face now adorns the
bottom of our pet cage, just like most of yesterday's news.

The true purveyor of the adage that "sex sells" in the Sunday paper was not
Cornetta. It was the AJC.

ALLAN J. DENIRO, Atlanta

Mother's rationalization doesn't hold water

Regarding John Cornetta, the unfortunate individual who plans to saturate
Atlanta with porn, I have a couple of comments.

First, no teacher of any value would "hate" Cornetta. Hate is a very strong
word.

Secondly, I am Roman Catholic. I have to question why this man has not been
excommunicated since he so openly practices a lifestyle contrary to God's
commandments.

I believe in forgiveness, but we need not make him our best friend and brother
until he confesses from the heart and comes home to practice a Christian way of
life.

Third, and most important: Cornetta's "mama" rationalizes it away with ease.
"Someone has to do it," she says of his porn business. I thank God for the good
parents and parenting I had. That's an easy statement for his mama to make. I
suppose the bank robber's mama could say the same: "Someone has to do it."

THELMA HEYWOOD, Lawrenceville

Adult establishments don't harm communities

Thank God for John Cornetta. It is great to see an individual with the courage
to stand up for freedom of speech and capitalism.

Studies consistently show adult entertainment establishments create no negative
secondary effects for communities. They actually decrease crime and increase
property values. They employ many people and help increase tourism. They are
good for communities.

Critics such as state Rep. Tom Rice (R-Norcross) are off base. Adult
entertainment is a wonderful combination of sex and free enterprise. Which of
those is Rice against?

DAVID CORR, Macon

Bush earned respect

The time has come for those who don't approve of President Bush to stop whining
and to discontinue calling him "Dubya" or "dumb" or any other discourteous name.
I also ask that political cartoonists stop drawing exaggerated ears on his
caricature. This man has handled several serious events since winning the
election --- yes, I said "winning" --- and done a marvelous job with each. He
deserves the respect of every American, not ridicule.

FRANK PARHAM, Douglasville

Change of sites would add to expression

What a great gift for Atlanta of a new Symphony Hall designed by Santiago
Calatrava. But wait: How will a tour de force building achieve its manifest
destiny nestled onto a site with barely an opportunity for a glimpse as we head
down 14th Street? Calatrava's assessment of the site makes the most of a tough
assignment --- well said.

It's not too late, though. Given that the benefactors of the symphony and
aquarium have collaborated for so long in business, might they not now
acknowledge the better alignment of Calatrava's inspiration in biomorphic
structure with the mission and purpose of an aquarium to be located on a site
with far more potential for visibility and presence?

It's not too late --- the foundations are not yet poured --- let's swap the
aquarium commission and provide Calatrava a site and function perfectly suited
to his demonstrated propensity for inspirational expression.

SCOTT LEVITAN, Atlanta

Rights were sacrificed

I commend Cynthia Tucker for her column "Advice to feds: Come clean on 'dirty
bomb' " (@issue, June 16). It puts a question mark on the reliability of our
intelligence agencies. I was surprised to know that Jose Padilla was arrested on
May 8 but that the news made headlines on June 10 during the middle of
congressional hearings. Whatever happened to "innocent until proven guilty" and
the basic constitutional rights of the people?

NAFEES SYED, Atlanta

By the numbers

490: Total reader responses this week

455: E-mails this week

13: responses on Arab-Americans

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letters

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              613 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       March 3, 2002 Sunday FINAL EDITION

HANCOCK'S LAST-MINUTE MAILERS ATTACK OPPONENTS;
14TH DISTRICT ASSEMBLY CANDIDATE ACCUSES DAVE BROWN AND CHARLES RAMSEY OF NOT
HAVING PROPER CREDENTIALS

BYLINE: PETER FELSENFELD, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CONTRA COSTA; Pg. A29

LENGTH: 711 words


Assembly candidate and former Berkeley Mayor Loni Hancock has unleashed a
last-minute blitz of campaign mailers that attack her opponents and misrepresent
their endorsements.

The pieces stand in contrast to those issued by her 14th District opponents,
Dave Brown and Charles Ramsey, whose mailers don't mention or picture the other
candidates.

The three Democrats hope to replace Dion Aroner, D-Berkeley, who is precluded by
term limits from running. No other parties are seeking the district, which
includes Richmond and Berkeley, as well as Lamorinda and most of Pleasant Hill.

Hancock said the flurry of mailers assailing Brown's and Ramsey's credentials
and professional experience should not be considered negative because the pieces
present important information for voters.

The fliers criticize Brown for his limited teaching experience -- he taught high
school for three years, two of which were spent substituting -- and Ramsey for
his eviction work with the Richmond Housing Authority and stances he took on the
school board.

"How people behave professionally or the length of time they have been teaching
is entirely relevant in a campaign," Hancock said. "Education is a major issue
in this election, and voters need to realize the differences in our records."

Hancock worked as a top education appointee during the Clinton administration.

Two Hancock mailers issued last week include a chart listing endorsements
related to a variety of issues. Under the education category, Hancock lists six
impressive backers, including the California Federation of Teachers and the
California Teachers Association.

For West Contra Costa school board member Ramsey, who calls himself "the
education Democrat," Hancock's mailer lists "six local school board members."
The pamphlet credits former teacher and policy analyst Brown with no
endorsements.

But the mailer includes a footnote next to both Brown's and Ramsey's
qualifications. Below the chart, in small type, the mailer reveals that Brown's
information was derived from his Web site, which does not post endorsements, and
attributes Ramsey's to a list he released in January.

Brown claims the endorsement of Dave DeHart, Albany Teachers Association
president; two local community college board trustees; three past and current
Oakland school board members; three Albany school board members; three San
Leandro school board members; an Alameda County Board of Education member; and
several teachers.

The Ramsey list, used as the source for Hancock's mailer and provided to the
Times by Hancock consultant Cliff Staton, clearly states "Partial List."

Hancock's fliers fail to list the California Faculty Association, which
announced a dual endorsement of Hancock and Ramsey in December.

The Ramsey campaign claims backing from five past and current West County school
board members, three past and current Berkeley school board members, three past
and current Oakland school board members, a school board member from the
Lafayette and Mt. Diablo districts, one member from both the Alameda and Contra
Costa County boards of education, and two local community college board members.

Staton said the Hancock campaign made no effort to contact either Brown or
Ramsey for their full endorsements. Staton blamed Brown for not publicizing his
supporters and he said Ramsey should have listed all his education-related
advocates on the flier.

"Generally, people put the endorsements on their list they think are important,"
Staton said. "I don't think our literature in any way is misrepresentative or
fools voters."

The Hancock campaign decided not to mention the California Faculty Association
on the fliers because it wanted to focus on K-12 education, Staton said.

Another Hancock mailer pictures Brown and Ramsey with the words "incomplete" and
"failed" stamped next to their faces, while another castigates Ramsey for his
eviction work with the Richmond Housing Authority.

"That's the old divisive approach of Berkeley politics that just isn't relevant
anymore in the 21st century," Brown said. "We have tried to stay focused on what
matters: improving our schools and making our commutes go faster."

Reach Peter Felsenfeld at 510-262-2725 or pfelsenfeld@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Loni Hancock mug.

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                       March 3, 2002 Sunday FINAL EDITION

HANCOCK'S LAST-MINUTE MAILER ATTACKS OPPONENTS;
* 14TH DISTRICT ASSEMBLY CANDIDATE ACCUSES DAVE BROWN AND CHARLES RAMSEY OF NOT
HAVING PROPER CREDENTIALS

BYLINE: PETER FELSENFELD, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEST COUNTY; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 710 words


Assembly candidate and former Berkeley Mayor Loni Hancock has unleashed a
last-minute blitz of campaign mailers that attack her opponents and misrepresent
their endorsements.

The pieces stand in contrast to those issued by her 14th District opponents,
Dave Brown and Charles Ramsey, whose mailers don't mention or picture the other
candidates.

The three Democrats hope to replace Dion Aroner, D-Berkeley, who is precluded by
term limits from running. No other parties are seeking the district, which
includes Richmond and Berkeley, as well as Lamorinda and most of Pleasant Hill.

Hancock said the flurry of mailers assailing Brown's and Ramsey's credentials
and professional experience should not be considered negative because the pieces
present important information for voters.

The fliers criticize Brown for his limited teaching experience - he taught high
school for three years, two of which were spent substituting - and Ramsey for
his eviction work with the Richmond Housing Authority and stances he took on the
school board.

"How people behave professionally or the length of time they have been teaching
is entirely relevant in a campaign," Hancock said. "Education is a major issue
in this election, and voters need to realize the differences in our records."

Hancock worked as a top education appointee during the Clinton administration.

Two Hancock mailers issued last week include a chart listing endorsements
related to a variety of issues. Under the education category, Hancock lists six
impressive backers, including the California Federation of Teachers and the
California Teachers Association.

For West Contra Costa school board member Ramsey, who calls himself "the
education Democrat," Hancock's mailer lists "six local school board members."
The pamphlet credits former teacher and policy analyst Brown with no
endorsements.

But the mailer includes a footnote next to both Brown's and Ramsey's
qualifications. Below the chart, in small type, the mailer reveals that Brown's
information was derived from his Web site, which does not post endorsements, and
attributes Ramsey's to a list he released in January.

Brown claims the endorsement of Dave DeHart, Albany Teachers Association
president; two local community college board trustees; three past and current
Oakland school board members; three Albany school board members; three San
Leandro school board members; an Alameda County Board of Education member; and
several teachers.

The Ramsey list, used as the source for Hancock's mailer and provided to the
Times by Hancock consultant Cliff Staton, clearly states "Partial List."

Hancock's fliers fail to list the California Faculty Association, which
announced a dual endorsement of Hancock and Ramsey in December.

The Ramsey campaign claims backing from five past and current West County school
board members, three past and current Berkeley school board members, three past
and current Oakland school board members, a school board member from the
Lafayette and Mt. Diablo districts, one member from both the Alameda and Contra
Costa County boards of education, and two local community college board members.

Staton said the Hancock campaign made no effort to contact either Brown or
Ramsey for their full endorsements. Staton blamed Brown for not publicizing his
supporters and he said Ramsey should have listed all his education-related
advocates on the flier.

"Generally, people put the endorsements on their list they think are important,"
Staton said. "I don't think our literature in any way is misrepresentative or
fools voters."

The Hancock campaign decided not to mention the California Faculty Association
on the fliers because it wanted to focus on K-12 education, Staton said.

Another Hancock mailer pictures Brown and Ramsey with the words "incomplete" and
"failed" stamped next to their faces, while another castigates Ramsey for his
eviction work with the Richmond Housing Authority.

"That's the old divisive approach of Berkeley politics that just isn't relevant
anymore in the 21st century," Brown said. "We have tried to stay focused on what
matters: improving our schools and making our commutes go faster."

Reach Peter Felsenfeld at 510-262-2725 or pfelsenfeld@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Loni Hancock, mug.

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 26, 1987, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Give information, don't raise fears on AIDS crisis churches urged

BYLINE: By Lillian Newbery Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 540 words


   Christian churches could save lives by providing clear information on
specific ways to prevent AIDS, such as the proper use of condoms, said delegates
at a weekend conference on the disease.

Not only should churches educate their members, they should stop excluding some
people whose ideas they find offensive, a panel of delegates told a news
conference yesterday at the Toronto School of Theology.

By their silence, churches have condoned violence against homosexuals, drug
users and prostitutes as if they are "throw-away people," the panel said.

AIDS has no religious, national or sexual orientation and any attempts to link
the wrath of God with AIDS is irresponsible and misrepresents the character of
God, the delegates declared in one of a series of statements worked out over the
weekend behind closed doors.

The conference was sponsored by the Canadian Council of Churches, the World
Council of Churches and the National Council of Churches (U.S.A).

130 delegates

About 130 theologians, health care workers, members of various denominations,
people with AIDS and social workers called on the churches to use their
"immense" resources, including money, housing and their moral influence with
governments, to assist in fighting AIDS.

They said churches should urge governments to increase funding for education and
support services and to revoke any legislation that could be discriminatory
against people with AIDS.

In particular, they said, funding should be channelled toward research into
treatment of people who are infected with the virus that transmits AIDS but are
not yet ill.

And delegates said: "In view of their professional commitments, even in
situations of perceived personal risk, we affirm it is the role of health care
providers to care for the sick," regardless of creed, sex, race or other
distinctions.

Janet Pearce, of Metropolitan Community Church in Nashville, Tenn., said AIDS is
highlighting problems in health care services and in the churches, and
frightening some people into responding in an unjust way.

Sense of urgency

"AIDS challenges the church to a new level of introspection and education" and a
new level of love, life and hope, she told the news conference.

Tom Sinclair-Faulkner, who described himself as an ordinary member of a United
Church congregation in Halifax, said he doesn't think there will be any trouble
"selling" the recommendations to local churches. "There will come a moment
inevitably when someone in the congregation has AIDS and will need love, support
and the facts, not alienation".

Clarence Crossman, pastor of Metropolitan Community Church in London, predicted
that church hierarchies will be less open to direct messages, such as how to use
a condom properly, than congregation members, who want to protect themselves and
their loved ones.

Delegates "didn't always agree with everything that was said," said Sheila
Kapler, a Roman Catholic who is a PhD student at the Toronto School of Theology,
but they tried to take a stand that would be provocative and "move the agenda"
of the churches forward.

Nicholas Gray of Vancouver, who has AIDS, urged that churches be sensitive to
the spiritual needs of people with AIDS.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              616 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             March 29, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

United States: Mother sues cereal firms for 'false' sugar claims

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 147  words


A lawsuit by a San Diego mother claims that lower-sugar versions of Cocoa Puffs
and Froot Loops may seem healthier, but they're really a bunch of Trix. Jennifer
Hardee has sued three big cereal companies, accusing them of misleading
advertising through prominent "low sugar" packaging. Ms.

Hardee, a navy wife and homemaker with two young daughters who eat cereal, is
suing Kraft Foods Co., General Mills Cereals, and Kellogg USA Inc., saying they
intentionally misrepresent their products. Ms. Hardee's lawsuit, filed last week
in San Diego County Superior Court, seeks to force the companies to surrender
profits from low-sugar cereals and to stop them from marketing the products as
nutritionally superior. The suit seeks class-action status on behalf of all
California consumers who bought the new cereals believing they were healthier,
said attorney Harold M. Hewell of San Diego.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              618 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             January 8, 2010 Friday

Colorado Organic Dairy Portrayed In Bad Light

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


To the editors:

Your recent article, "Organic: untested label," by reporter Mary Beth
Schweigert, is not only biased in general, but it specifically mischaracterizes
and misrepresents our company, Aurora Organic Dairy. We appreciate the
opportunity to set the record straight.

The USDA has confirmed that all of our organic certifications are valid and that
our milk has been produced under continuous organic certification.

That means our milk has been properly labeled with the USDA organic seal, and
the assertion in your story that there were findings of "willful violation" of
the federal organic regulations on one of our dairies is not true.

Our five organic dairy farms are surrounded by more than 3,800 acres of organic
pasture. Our animals graze on this pasture for a minimum of 120 days during the
growing season.

Our mission at Aurora Organic Dairy is to make high quality organic milk and
butter more affordable and accessible to American families.

We don't believe organic goodness in the dairy case should be a high-priced
luxury only affordable for some consumers. Organic milk and butter should be on
every table, every day, because they are better for American families, for
animals and for the planet.

We appreciate this opportunity to share our perspective with your readers, and
encourage you and your staff to contact us in the future if you have questions
about Aurora Organic Dairy.

Mark Retzloff

Chairman

Marc Peperzak

Chief Executive Officer

Aurora Organic Dairy

Boulder, Colo.

(Editor's note: In an April 2007 letter to Aurora Organic Dairy, the USDA said
it investigated and identified 14 "willful violations" of organic regulations at
Aurora facilities. In the letter, the USDA proposed revocation of Aurora's
production and handling certifications under the National Organic Program. In
August 2007, Aurora instead signed a consent agreement with the USDA, pledging
to modify some of its practices.)

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              619 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday

Oakland Tribune Aug. 20 letters

BYLINE: Letters from our readers

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 507 words


I FELT COMPELLED to write a letter after I saw the front page of the Aug. 6
Oakland Tribune, "West Oakland's worst part gathers to prove safety worth
struggle."

I have always appreciated the Tribune as a reliable media source that services
our community. However, I strongly feel that his article misrepresents our
neighborhood. The author, Sean Maher, spoke with several of the neighbors at our
party at 10th and Center Streets. Not one of them had a bad word to say about
our neighborhood.

I am deeply offended, as are several of my neighbors, by the characterization of
our neighborhood as "one of the worst parts of West Oakland." That is simply not
true. I wish that the Tribune had not chosen this quote from one disgruntled
resident to be the headline for the article.

In fact, the Lower Bottom neighborhood, which includes everything west of
Mandela Parkway and south of 18th Street is one of West Oakland's better
neighborhoods. It is even one of Oakland's better neighborhoods.

I SUGGEST THAT the football games played at the UC Berkeley Memorial Stadium be
moved to Golden Gate Fields. There is ample parking and access from all four
directions.

The oddball U-turn on Buchanan Street should be eliminated by extending the
Eastshore walkway under Buchanan and through the USDA labs, where some buildings
will have to be moved.

This seems to me to be a practical solution to the problem.

THANK YOU FOR for the great article, "Golden goal," Aug. 19. For far too long,
there has been very limited coverage of the Paralympics.

I had the chance to volunteer at the 1996 Atlanta Games. It was an incredible
experience that I will never forget. Friends of mine got to volunteer at the
2004 Paralympics, and we will all be cheering for the Beijing, China, athletes.

Please cover the events in September. The more information that gets out, the
more support our well deserving athletes will have.

THE AUG. 12 editorial, "Congress needs to shoot down unfair labor law,''
opposing the Employee Free Choice Act (EFCA) nowhere discusses the obstacles
workers face in getting union representation. Dissatisfaction with the status
quo is why the major change of EFCA is being considered.

Employers hire union-busting lawyers, hold captive meetings pressuring workers,
and fire pro-union workers during organizing campaigns. The Labor Department
under President Bush has become the anti-labor department. Unionists in Western
Europe are appalled by the weakness of U.S. labor laws. Workers face subtle and
blatant limitations on free speech in the workplace and their ability to stand
up for themselves or others, even with union representation.

Since your editorial claims to represent the interests of workers, how do you
propose that working people will get a fair shake in this country? How will we
greatly narrow the CEO, average worker pay differential? Who will stand against
the overwhelming power of corporations in this country that inflict war and
environmental destruction along with degraded pay and working conditions, if not
unions and their allies?

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              620 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              October 27, 2004 Wednesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Castor says new ad distorts her views

BYLINE: STEVE BOUSQUET; ANITA KUMAR

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 647 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


Escalating his attacks in the deadlocked U.S. Senate race, Republican Mel
Martinez aired a new ad Tuesday that Democrat Betty Castor contended
misrepresents her positions on terrorism and abortion.

The ad features a tightly edited Castor response to a question about the war in
Iraq during last week's debate. Asked whether she would have voted for the war,
Castor answers, "no." But the Martinez ad cuts off her explanation, does not
mention Iraq, and says she is against a broader war on terror.

The ad also notes Castor is against Amendment 1, which it inaccurately says
would require parental consent for minors to receive an abortion. The amendment
would authorize the Legislature to require parental notification, a less strict
standard.

"Wrong on the war on terror. Against parental consent," the ad says. "Betty
Castor - how liberal? More liberal than most of her own party."

The Castor campaign complained that the ad inaccurately portrays her positions.

While she would have voted against the war in Iraq if she had known there were
no weapons of mass destruction there, Castor says she supports fighting
terrorism. She said she also supports requiring parents to be notified before a
minor receives an abortion, but she opposes the constitutional amendment because
there is no explicit exception for cases of rape and incest.

"Mel Martinez has reached a new low in the annals of political advertising in
this state, and maybe anywhere," Castor said. "He has so distorted my comments,
my feelings and my opinions. It is absolutely despicable, it is absolutely
false, it is misleading, it is unconscionable."

Martinez defended the ad.

"It isn't a character attack," he said. "It's a comparative ad."

Both candidates are stressing their rival's opposition to ballot initiatives
that have broad bipartisan support.

The race is tied, a new St. Petersburg Times/Miami Herald poll shows, with both
candidates at 44 percent and 10 percent undecided.

Castor campaigned in Miami's Little Haiti and spoke to members of the Service
Employees International Union about raising the minimum wage. She supports a
constitutional amendment that would create a Florida minium wage of $6.15 an
hour, a dollar higher than the federal minimum wage. Martinez opposes the
amendment.

"This is something I feel passionately about," said Castor, a former state
education commissioner. "I think we've got to help the working people in this
state. These dollars, new dollars they can earn, are going right back into the
economy, and we're going to be better for it."

Martinez told the annual meeting of the Florida Chamber of Commerce in Fort
Lauderdale that the minimum wage is "a pretty good wedge issue," but he opposes
it because it will reduce jobs. He said job training and education are better
escape routes from poverty.

"It's not really designed to create more jobs, that's for sure," Martinez said.
"I think it's the wrong idea at the wrong time. Another dollar an hour is not
going to take somebody out of poverty."

Earlier Tuesday, Castor visited Holmes Elementary School in Miami's Liberty
City, where she was the first white teacher in 1966. Across town, Martinez
received a warm welcome at a senior citizen center in Little Havana, another
sign of his popularity with Cuban-American voters.

While Martinez chartered two private jets, one for himself and one for the
media, Castor chose a cheaper alternative. She flew commercial from Miami to
Jacksonville but was stranded at Miami International Airport for more than two
hours.

Castor also had some new company: Alex Sink, a retired banking executive whose
husband, Bill McBride, unsuccessfully ran against Gov. Jeb Bush in 2002, plans
to travel with her for the rest of the campaign.

Castor and Sink had plenty of time to talk Tuesday: The Democrat ended the day
by driving from Jacksonville to Tampa.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (2); Betty Castor; Mel Martinez

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company

                              621 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 3, 2002 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Amend. 31 backer tries to pull erroneous ad

BYLINE: Denver Post staff

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-24

LENGTH: 262 words


The chief financial backer of a ballot measure that would nearly  ban bilingual
education in Colorado told The Denver Post on  Saturday that he was trying to
withdraw radio advertising that  misrepresents The Post's editorial stance on
Amendment 31.

The ad incorrectly quotes The Post as describing ads opposing  Amendment 31 as
'setting records for deceit and deception.'

That language has not appeared in any Post editorial. A similar  phrase,
'setting records for deceit and distortion,' was used in  an Oct. 23 personal
column by Post staffer Al Knight. Although  Knight is a member of the Post's
editorial board, his column  reflects his own views, not those of the newspaper.

Rocky Mountain News criticisms of the anti-31 advertising are  accurately quoted
in the commercial. Both the Post and News,  however, have urged 'no' votes on
Amendment 31.

Ron Unz, the California businessman who is Amendment 31's main  financial
backer, told the Post on Saturday that the commercial had  originally been
drafted to attribute the language to 'editorial  writers' at both newspapers but
that language somehow got changed  as the radio spot was being produced.

The commercial is narrated by former Gov. Dick Lamm, who signed the  state's
original Bilingual Education Act in 1975. That measure was  repealed in 1981 and
replaced by the English Language Proficiency  Act, which remains in place. The
repealer was co-sponsored by U.S.  Rep. Tom Tancredo, then a member of the state
House, and signed  into law by Lamm.

LOAD-DATE: November 04, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              622 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Feb. 21 Readers' letters: With the help of ADA, most disabled people living in
California behave respectfully

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 797 words


Real challenges of living with disability

In reference to Patrick May's article (Page 1A, Feb. 18), I appreciate Sam
Liccardo's comment, which criticizes John Ho's actions against inaccessible
local businesses rather than the Americans with Disabilities Act itself. People
like John Ho misrepresent the real challenges of living with a disability,
further alienating disabled people in a world that so frequently divides us on
the basis of "otherness."

As a quadriplegic person, I am concerned against backlash regarding people with
disabilities. I was not allowed a mainstreamed, albeit legally mandated,
education in San Jose public schools, compelling my parents to enroll me in the
welcoming Morgan Hill public schools. Nevertheless, I had to integrate myself
physically and socially in an environment that ultimately could never completely
accommodate me. That is what living with a disability is, an awareness that most
members of the disability community possess.

I can attest that, with the help of ADA, most disabled people living in
California behave respectfully, with good will and common sense, toward people
and environments unacquainted with our special needs.

Catherine Connor

San Martin

Playing an instrument promotes math skills

I was thrilled to read Esther J. Cepeda's article "Deriving a solution for math
education" (Opinion, Feb. 20), outlining some of the simple acts parents can do
to promote mathematical understanding for their children. I would like to add
that instrumental music promotes many of the mathematical skills outlined in the
article: Students must learn to understand which note to play and how to play
it, how long to play it, how fast to play it and how it sounds in relation to
other musicians around them. Logic, discipline, organized critical thinking,
reasoning, detecting patterns to make informed guesses (in fractions of a
second) all combine to make the beauty that is music.

I hope that instrumental music education will be brought back to all elementary
schools in the near future, giving all students a hands-on opportunity to
experience the beauty of math through music.

Candace Love

Band Teacher, Alum Rock and Oak Grove School District Free Music School
Creator/Director

Heart of Silicon Valley needs Google Fiber

I applaud Google and San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed for their efforts to bring Google
Fiber gigabit-speed Internet service to San Jose. I strongly encourage Reed and
the City Council to take all steps necessary to support this project. Gigabit
Internet will be a boon to San Jose residents, schools and businesses and will
encourage entrepreneurial endeavors. Isn't it only fitting that the "Heart of
Silicon Valley" have state-of-the-art Internet connections?

Brad Landon

San Jose

Let's try a two-tiered minimum wage

As a clinical psychologist who treats adolescents I know how difficult it is for
high school students to find part-time jobs. Most employers won't hire people
under the age of 18. The ability to take on the responsibility of a real job and
earn money of their own is a significant factor in the growth and development of
our young people. Unfortunately high school students often end up with too much
idle time and a dependency on handouts from their parents for pocket money. Many
carry that dependency into adulthood. A two-tiered minimum wage can help both
the employer and the employee. For example, let's say the minimum wage is set at
$8 an hour for people under 19 years old without a high school diploma, to
increase to (for example) $10 an hour for high school graduates and/or people
age 19 and over, whichever comes first. This system would encourage employers
like McDonald's to keep a steady flow of young people employed at $8 an hour,
helping the employers' bottom line, while allowing young people the opportunity
for personal-growth-enriching part-time employment while they finish high
school.

Greg Salerno

San Jose

Mayor Reed will leave San Jose worse off

I agree with you that a ballot measure to increase funding for the police is not
a good idea. Measure B was not a good idea. San Jose will never return to the
safest large city in the United States, and the police force cannot return to
the once revered force it once was. Why do people think that experienced
officers will stay here when they can go to other departments where they will be
fairly compensated and appreciated and the rules aren't changed midstream? San
Jose voters have spoken. Now they are reaping what Mayor Chuck Reed has sown. He
will be leaving the city much worse than when he took the reins. Don't think
that any mayoral candidate has the answer. We have gone over the tipping point.
Until we have a fully staffed Police Department, crime will continue to
increase, and response times will increase.

Katherine Ramos

San Jose

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              623 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 12, 2005 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                             FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

Historical fight Flying the symbol of the Confederacy reignites a decades-old
controversy.

BYLINE: By JOEL CURRIER Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWSWATCH; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1357 words


Missouri Gov. Matt Blunt's decision to allow the Confederate battle flag to fly
last week at a state historic site reignited a decades-old controversy that
still splits Americans along geographical, political, cultural and racial lines.

Few emblems, historians say, have stirred deeper emotions than the battle flag
of the conquered Confederacy. To some, the flag represents hatred and slavery.
To others, it symbolizes southern heritage and the valor of Confederate soldiers
who fought for constitutional rights and state sovereignty.

A new book, "The Confederate Battle Flag, America's Most Embattled Emblem,"
traces the history of the flag in the 140 years since the war. Author John M.
Coski is a historian and library director at the Museum of the Confederacy in
Richmond, Va.

"The flag has multiple meanings," Coski said Thursday in a telephone interview.
"You can't simply declare that it means one thing and one thing only unless we
deliberately and willfully ignore all the other meanings that it has acquired."

Coski says the modern debate over the flag is inherently flawed because opposing
sides often misrepresent the origins and causes of the war and, as a result,
simplify the flag's multiple meanings.

Descendants of Confederates, Coski says, aren't wrong when they insist the flag
symbolizes the defense of constitutional liberties and states' rights. What is
wrong, he says, is the belief that the flag's symbolism can be divested from the
defense of slavery.

"Acknowledging the centrality of slavery to the Confederacy does not assign
moral superiority to the North and guilt to the South," Coski writes. "The war
was fundamentally about slavery, but it is erroneous to reduce it to a simple
moral equation."

Harold Crumpton, president of the St. Louis chapter of the National Association
for the Advancement of Colored People, said last week that Blunt's decision to
allow the Confederate battle flag to fly at the Higginsville, Mo., historic site
had turned the government into an "agent of terror" capable of supporting
Confederate ideals. Flag defenders say the flag symbolizes Southern heritage,
not hate.

The flag's history

Although Missourians today may clash on the cultural and political meanings of
the Confederate flag, there's no doubt about the politics of the man behind it.

The battle flag's designer was William Porcher Miles, a South Carolina
congressman and an outspoken secessionist who believed slavery was an
institution created by God. Halting the growth of slavery would hurt the South's
social institutions, "which constitute the essential foundations of her
prosperity, the very lifeblood of her existence," Miles said on the floor of
Congress in the late 1850s.

One of the biggest misconceptions about the battle flag is that it was the
Confederacy's official flag. It was not. Soldiers carried the flag in battle for
much of the Civil War, but the Confederacy actually adopted three other official
flags: the Stars and Bars, the Stainless Banner and the third national flag,
which flew a short time before the South surrendered in March 1865.

The Confederate battle flag has weathered three periods of history since the end
of the Civil War, said Howard Madaus, 62, of Cody, Wyo. He is a former Civil War
history museum curator and an expert on Confederate flags.

After the war, Madaus said, the battle flag virtually vanished until the late
1880s, when members of the Sons of Confederate Veterans and the United Daughters
of the Confederacy sought to preserve the flag's heritage by flying it in
commemorative ceremonies. It wasn't until the 1940s and 1950s that Southern
segregationists and the Ku Klux Klan began displaying the flag publicly and in
rallies.

After World War II, the flag became more widely used in public for political
statements and on college campuses.

In 1948, delegates from the States Rights (Dixiecrat) Party heralded the
Confederate battle flag at a convention in Birmingham, Ala., to nominate
then-Gov. J. Strom Thurmond for president.

Coski sees a parallel between the use of the Confederate battle flag in the
South's attempts to block the federal government, at the time of the Civil War
and again in the Civil Rights era.

The battle flag fad spread on many southern colleges and universities in the
mid-1950s and sparked several black student protests in the second half of the
20th century. Students at the University of Mississippi brought flags to
football games. Fraternities at several southern colleges waved the battle flag
in ritual celebrations depicting the history of the Old South.

Even into the 1970s, a fraternity at the University of Missouri at Columbia
waved a Confederate flag after every Tiger touchdown.

Protests by black students in 1985 led the president of Auburn University in
Georgia to ask the Kappa Alpha fraternity to remove its Confederate battle flag
from the front of its fraternity house. The University of Mississippi in 1991
banned Confederate flags from sporting events.

The NAACP says it doesn't oppose Americans who want to honor their Confederate
ancestors. The group sees Blunt's decision to let the flag fly at Higginsville
as an endorsement of an emblem of white resistance to black achievement, freedom
and equality.

"Misunderstood" icon

George E. Hicks, chief executive officer of the National Civil War Museum in
Harrisburg, Pa., says the "Confederate flag is the most misunderstood, abused
icon in American history." He said a widespread misunderstanding of Civil War
history stems from American classrooms and continues through adulthood.

"The difficulty is, this whole subject of the American Civil War and the battle
symbols have become so charged with emotion that people don't communicate,"
Hicks said. "And if you stop and think, that's what caused the war."

Communication breakdowns, intense emotions and an unwillingness to compromise
over slavery, states' rights and westward expansion led to the outbreak of the
Civil War, Hicks said.

Blunt's decision to allow the Confederate flag to fly in a Confederate cemetery
seems "perfectly reasonable," Hicks said, because the soldiers buried in
Higginsville fought and died under the Southern Cross.

The Confederate battle flag has raised controversy after flying on public
property in other parts of the country as well.

In 1998, a fight brewed in Oklahoma over the public display of a Confederate
flag that had been removed from a plaza outside the capitol building more than
10 years before. Legislators and heritage groups couldn't agree which flag
should be reinstalled on the state flagpole -- the battle flag or the original
flag of the Confederacy, the Stars and Bars.

In 2000, the NAACP launched a boycott of South Carolina to strike the
Confederate battle flag from the dome of the South Carolina Capitol. The
organization got its wish that summer but continued its boycott after the flag
was moved to a memorial site on the Capitol grounds.

In 2001, Florida Gov. Jeb Bush cut off funding for a Confederate flag display
outside the state capitol because he considered it a divisive symbol. Five years
earlier Florida lawmakers had tried to remove the flag from state-owned
property.

The battle flag also has had political consequences. Former Vermont Gov. Howard
Dean faced intense criticism in the lead-up to the last presidential election
when he mentioned the Confederate flag in a November 2003 interview with the Des
Moines Register about his campaign strategy.

"I still want to be the candidate for the guys with Confederate flags in their
pickup trucks," Dean said. "We can't beat George Bush unless we appeal to a
broad cross-section of Democrats." Days later, Dean apologized for the remark.

The symbolism of the Southern Cross could be tested again this summer, when
rabble-rousers Bo and Luke Duke go 'makin' their way the only way they know how'
in Warner Bros.' movie release of "The Dukes of Hazzard." The "General Lee," the
Dukes' high-flying 1969 Dodge Charger, will feature a rooftop Confederate decal,
a company spokeswoman said.

Joel Currier is a general assignment reporter for the Post-Dispatch who covered
the Confederate memorial ceremony in Higginsville, Mo., last week.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  CONFEDERATE FLAG

CORRECTION-DATE: June 14, 2005



CORRECTION: Auburn University is in Alabama. A story on the front page of
Sunday's NewsWatch section misstated the location of the school. The same story
also incorrectly stated the month of the South's surrender to the Union during
the Civil War. It was April 1865.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC AND PHOTO
 PHOTO by SAM LEONE / POST-DISPATCH - James and Loretta Hubbard of St. Charles
watch as the procession starts for the memorial for Confederate soldiers buried
at a state historic site in Higginsville, Mo., last Sunday.  GRAPHIC - THE
EVELOUTION OF THE CONFEDERATE FLAG  GRAPHIC - ECHOS OF THE LOST CAUSE

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ANALYSIS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              624 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   October 18, 1995, Wednesday, City Edition

Company has blemished record

BYLINE: JUDY GARNATZ HARRIMAN

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; ACTION; Connections; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 708 words



I went to a seminar in Tampa hosted by the American Home Business  Association.
The entire concept sounded too good to be true. Will these people  deliver what
they claim? S.C.

Response: American Home Business Association is home-based in Utah. The  Utah
Better Business Bureau says the company has been in operation since  January
1977 under several different names (including Financial Freedom  Report) using
TV, newspapers, direct mail and seminars to promote a variety of  products
including business opportunities and home sales.

It has an unsatisfactory record with the Utah BBB because of a pattern of
failure to eliminate the basic cause of customer complaints: misrepresentation
of its product, refund requirements and the amount of money it would take to
purchase its products.

According to the Utah BBB, this company has signed consent agreements with
three states - Utah, Michigan and Alaska - to give accurate information at its
seminars and not misrepresent its products.

If you would like to hear the entire BBB report, dial (801) 487-4656, then
press 1 followed by (801) 272-3500.

Pagenet reward delayed

   In March, my wife found a Pagenet pager at Tyrone Mall. We were told that  if
we returned it we would get a $ 20 reward.

Pagenet had me fill out a pager reward request form and said it would take
three to four weeks for the reward to be mailed.

When we inquired in May about the reward, Pagenet said it takes six to  eight
weeks for the reward to be mailed.

In June someone at Pagenet said they would check and call back  "tomorrow."

A week later we were told the pager was now in stock and the reward would  come
in three weeks.

In July we reminded them we had been waiting 16 weeks for the reward.

In August they told us their Orlando office would send the check that day.

In September we left a message but nobody called back.

The $ 20 reward is moot at this point. I just want the public to know how
Pagenet does business. R. Fortenbery

Response: You said you received a $ 10 check from Pagenet a week after we
forwarded your complaint, so we called and asked Pagenet about the promised  $
20 reward.

They assured us that the other $ 10 will be forthcoming. Do let us know if  you
get it.

Magazine out of business

   I sent a $ 46 check to Knit King in March 1994 for a two-year subscription
to its knitting magazine. To date I've never gotten an issue. I wrote but
received no reply.

I had a subscription to this magazine for about 10 years and also bought
several thousand dollars worth of equipment from the company, so I find this
treatment very annoying.

I'd really like my $ 46 back. Elizabeth Riordan

Response: We heard from Gary Stern at Knit King. He said the magazine went  out
of business after 30 years. A letter subsequently went to all subscribers
saying they could get a credit for their outstanding subscriptions on books or
yarn or take a 40 percent discount. He doesn't know what you elected to do
because he has no records.

Stern said he got a lot of angry letters from people wanting their money  back,
but the company had no money to send refunds, so he did not respond to  the
letters.

Subscribers who did not choose the credit or discount options received a  letter
about a new publication called Machine Knit America, Stern said. The  letter
stated that the remaining issues would be with that magazine or their  choice of
one of four or five other publications.

Lifetime service,

but whose life?

   My adult son is considering employment by a company that promises, for a
one-time $ 39 fee, to send you a reminder one week prior to every important
date in your life (birthdays, anniversaries, time to change your air filters)
for the rest of your LIFE.

How can a company supply this lifetime service for $ 39? L.B.

Response: Because a company's offers are good only for the life of the  company.



   If you have a question for Action, or your own attempts to resolve a
consumer complaint have failed, write: Times Action, P.O. Box 1121, St.
Petersburg, FL 33731, or call your Action number, 893-8171, to leave a  recorded
request for Action.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company

                              625 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 25, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

Lenders Boost Efforts to Detect Fraud

Kenneth R. Harney

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE E1; NATION'S HOUSING

LENGTH: 896 words


Tough economic times may be encouraging more home mortgage applicants to tell
little fibs -- or commit outright fraud -- when they approach their lender for a
loan.

But a relatively new segment of the mortgage industry is gearing up to detect
and pursue anyone who misrepresents facts on a residential loan application:
They're the fraud-busters.

They range from in-house staffs at major lending institutions to professional
gumshoes whom lenders hire to check out their mortgage borrowers by the
hundreds.

Christine Hall, vice president of Quality Assurance Inc. of Walnut Creek,
Calif., is a mortgage private eye. What she's seen in the past year, Hall says,
"is very disturbing.

"I think a lot of people [seeking loans] now believe that it's okay to tell
little lies about their income or their employment or whatever. But legally it's
fraud and they can be prosecuted and fined."

In recent, intensive audits for 20 clients -- all mortgage-lending institutions
-- Hall said her investigators found misrepresentations in 10 percent to 15
percent of the randomly selected loans they studied.

"When you look at 1,000 loans and you find that some degree of misrepresentation
exists in 100 to 150 of them," Hall says, "you say to yourself, wow, this
problem could be bigger than people thought."

The most common forms of borrower misrepresentation detected, according to Hall,
concerned:

Income or employment data. These ranged from white lies about annual earnings
and job tenure to elaborate, computer-assisted falsifications of federal W-2 tax
forms, and bogus federal and state tax returns. Using widely available software
for tax preparation, said Hall, "almost anybody can create tax returns and W-2s
that look exactly like the real thing." You just hand them to the loan
application officer.

What borrowers may not understand, however, is that gumshoe firms like Quality
Assurance send those tax forms to the Internal Revenue Service and ask for
confirmation that your official returns were identical to those you submitted
with your mortgage application. The IRS simply says yes or no.

Home occupancy. Since rates, terms and fees for loans on homes not occupied by
the owner are usually much higher than on owner-occupied units, some borrowers
lie about their intentions in order to save money. Such misrepresentations are
easy to detect months after closing, according to Hall, and lenders are finding
it increasingly worthwhile to check.

Falsification of key documentation on the property, such as the appraisal of
market value. At its extreme, this can involve collusion between the borrower
and local mortgage brokers who sell fraudulent loans to larger lenders.

Arthur Prieston, president of Lenders Legal Fraud Service, a law firm affiliated
with Quality Assurance, provided a recent example of how bad such collusion can
get.

A borrower joined with one mortgage broker to submit a loan application on a
home valued at $ 220,000. A second broker then provided an inflated appraisal of
$ 565,000 on the house. The first broker submitted the loan package, and all
three parties -- the borrower and the two mortgage brokers -- split the loan
proceeds. The borrower took his money and fled the area. The brokers face
prosecution.

"Straw" buyers and sometimes even "straw" houses. This usually involves
fabrication of a borrower, created with the help of fake tax, W-2 and employment
information. The perpetrators of the fraud pocket the mortgage money and
disappear after settlement, leaving a lender stuck with a house to foreclose
upon, and a nonperson named on the note.

In one recent case, Hall said, "everything was faked." There was no house at the
address on the loan documents. There were no real borrowers. But the mortgage
money paid out was real, and totaled more than $ 300,000.

Hall said elaborate scams like this account for only a small percentage of the
overall misrepresentation problem. Little white lies about occupancy or income
make up the lion's share.

Yet even seemingly minor fibs affect the quality, security and value of a loan,
and make lenders mad. For instance, large investors like the Federal National
Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) now include language on standard loan
documents warning borrowers that any discovery of misrepresentations on the
application will entitle the lender to demand immediate repayment of the entire
principal balance.

The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac) has created a toll-free
hotline (1-800-4FRAUD8) for anyone with tips on misrepresentations or fraud
connected with any of the mortgages it owns.

A new national database that includes information on loan originators charged
with submitting fraudulent mortgage applications in every state has just been
activated in Reston. It is run by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute, and can
be accessed by lenders, lawyers and investigators, among others.

Neither Freddie Mac nor Fannie Mae publicly will quantify their own experience
with misrepresentations in home loans. Executives at both corporations say they
are nowhere near the levels reported by Quality Assurance. But a recent Freddie
Mac publication on the subject conceded that national experts "estimate that 15
percent of residential mortgage foreclosures today may be fraud-related."

Any way you look at it, that adds up to a lot of white lies.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post

                              626 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

EIA Reaffirms Climate Momentum, Contrary to Chamber's Claims

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: The Department of Natural Resources Defense Council has issued
the following news release:



 A deeply flawed report released by the Chamber of Commerce misrepresents the
EPA's and EIA's analysis of the Clean Power Plan.





 The EPA found that the Clean Power Plan will have climate and health benefits
four times its costs. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce would like you to believe
that EPA cooked the books. That's ridiculous. In reality, EPA's cost-benefit
analysis follows sound economic practices and likely underestimates the health
and climate benefits of power sector pollution reductions. In particular,
climate researchers have argued that the cost of future climate damages has been
dramatically underestimated.



 Here's the real news from the EIA analysis: Meeting the CPP carbon targets will
be even easier and less costly than EPA projected just last year when it issued
the plan. As a result of the extension of renewable tax credits and strong
expected growth in wind and solar energy, the power sector will be
well-positioned to meet or even exceed the CPP targets. Many other independent
analysts have reached the same conclusion.
 However, EIA's analysis is, if anything, conservative because it underestimates
the potential for energy efficiency gains. Recent analysis from MJ Bradley &
Associates reaffirms EPA's finding that strong investments in energy efficiency
could result in lower electricity bills for households. Moreover, EIA's findings
of the impact on GDP and employment are highly sensitive to state policy
decisions, including how to distribute the value of carbon allowances. The CPP
represents a significant economic opportunity for states, and by returning
allowance value to customers and strengthening investments in clean energy and
energy efficiency, policymakers can bolster economic growth and create jobs.



 The economic benefits of smart carbon policies have already been demonstrated
in the real world. The nine Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic states that make up
the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) have committed to auctioning off
carbon allowances and reinvesting revenues in clean energy and energy
efficiency. As a result, since 2009, RGGI has generated significant economic
benefits, including about $3 billion in value added to the regional economy,
more than 30,000 new job-years of work, and consumer energy bill savings of $395
million, all while helping participating states cut carbon pollution by more
than 37 percent.



 Far from the Chamber's dire claims, the Clean Power Plan will build on and
accelerate existing market trends towards a lower-carbon electricity system.
Smart states and power companies will continue to move ahead and take steps to
maximize the economic, climate, and health benefits of this transition.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              627 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday

OP-ED: Comparing Perry to murderers is a new low

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 738 words


In the debate over the Castle Doctrine bills moving through the Pennsylvania
Legislature, it comes as no surprise that we find ourselves in constant
disagreement withCeasefirePA. We expect them to continually misrepresent the
bill as a "shoot first" bill, despite the fact that it is not, and we expect
them to argue that it will be used by gang members seeking justification for
unjustifiable shootings, despite the fact that it does not allow such use.
However, this week we have heard a new argument from CeasefirePA, one that we
most definitely did not expect.

What we are now faced with, is an argument directly comparing state Rep. Scott
Perry, the Dillsburg-area Republican who sponsored the House version of Castle
Doctrine, with Tucson, Ariz., shooter Jared Loughner.

The CeasefirePA "Action Team" decided that quotations from Perry and Newt
Gingrich, discussing the time-tested safeguard the right to bear arms represents
against government tyranny, would be perfectly comparable to the delusional
thinking of the murderers Jared Loughner and Richard Poplawski. Apparently the
"Action Team" has a hard time deciphering the difference between the historical
roots and purposes of the right to bear arms and the botched and deranged views
of murderers.

Whether CeasefirePA likes it or not, the right to bear arms is truly a safeguard
from overly oppressive government, but just because it is a safeguard from
oppression does not make it a license to murder. James Madison explained it best
as he described the fact that the right to bears arms was not the only aspect of
our structure of government that defends against overbearing tyranny:

"Besides the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the
people of almost every other nation, the existence of subordinate governments,
to which the people are attached, forms a barrier against the enterprises of
ambition, more insurmountable than any which a simple government of any form can
admit of."

The right to bear arms is just one piece of the mosaic that protects against an
overreaching government. It is dishonest and downright despicable to compare
public officials who talk about these protections against tyranny with the likes
of murderers.

In the wake of the Tuscon shooting it was emphasized that we should bring down
the fiery rhetoric used in political debate. It seems that CeasefirePA missed
that memo and would rather turn up the rhetoric with false characterizations and
shocking comparisons of honorable citizens to murderous madmen.

The Jan. 10 "Reaction to Arizona Shooting" issued by CeasefirePA was in and of
itself a disturbing attempt to leverage the tragedy politically, but by
comparing good men with the deranged Jared Loughner CeasefirePA has taken a turn
for the worse, and it is simply shameful to see.

It is patently clear that the Castle Doctrine legislation currently moving
through the Pennsylvania General Assembly does not support settling "disputes
with murder," as CeasefirePA contends, and it is patently clear that
Representative Perry and Gingrich are in no way, shape or form arguing any sort
of justification for the actions of murderers, or making insurrectionist
statements.

If CeasefirePA would like to contribute honest talking points to the debate over
Pennsylvania's proposed Castle Doctrine legislation, we would love to hear them.
CeasefirePA has had eight years to offer informed and documented criticisms of
Castle Doctrine, yet at every opportunity to do so they have failed to prove
their points. We have to condemn the distasteful comparisons they have made, and
call on them now to publicly apologize to both Representative Perry and Newt
Gingrich for directly comparing their words with the deranged thoughts of Jared
Loughner and Richard Poplawski.

Let us show some respect to the honorable men and women who serve us in
government, even when we disagree with them and the bills they put forth. There
is no excuse for comparing them to murderers in attempts to rally support for
any cause.

CeasefirePA has hit a new low in our eyes with these personal insults to
honorable men, and to the heritage bequeathed to us by our forefathers. It is
time for them to apologize and rejoin the debate over firearms law in a
professional and sound manner.

-- Kim Stolfer is chairman of Firearms Owners Against Crime, a
Pennsylvania-based political action committee ded icated to the protection of
the Second Amendment.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              628 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 18, 2000, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NEW STATE REPRESENTATIVE IS HEADING TO CAPITAL AS MODEST STRAIGHT TALKER

BYLINE: Mikal Harris; Of The St. Charles County PostMISSOURI POLITICS; MISSOURI
LEGISLATURE; FRESHMAN; LEGISLATOR REPUTATION; BIO; BIOGRAPHY

SECTION: ST. CHARLES COUNTY POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 994 words


Bruce W. Holt was agitated. Slightly humbled. He knew he had to seek redemption.

"Please, get that corrected," he ordered. "I never said that, and I don't want
to misrepresent myself to the public."

Holt's displeasure last spring at St. Peters City Hall was the only time in
recent memory that he had raised his voice at a meeting to say something that
did not end with a hearty chuckle.

The former St. Peters alderman represented the city's 3rd Ward for the final
time Thursday night. In a few weeks, he will head to Jefferson City as a
freshman state representative for the 17th district. Henceforth, he will be
identified as state Rep. Bruce Holt, D-St. Peters.

For elected officials in St. Peters, loud voices often signal impatience or
anger. Holt generally used gentler ways to get his points across. On this
particular night, when Holt was a tad more forceful than usual, the aldermen had
convened for a work session before their regularly televised meeting.

At the time, the municipal election in April was weeks away. Mayor Tom Brown and
the four aldermen threatening to unseat Brown were duking it out in the mayoral
contest. Holt had his own lower-profile aldermanic race to run.

He was alarmed upon seeing a mistake in the candidate profile provided to
residents in the city newsletter. At this meeting, Holt pointed out a sentence
that claimed he was a college graduate.

"God bless 'em, there are a number of elected officials here who did graduate
from college," he explained to Laura Pendino, the community relations director
who oversees the newsletter. "A lot of people chose to go to college. I wasn't
one of them. Please let people know that I am a high-school graduate."

The mayor, board and staff members present appeared unsure of how to react to
Holt's vehemence. Pendino indicated that she would have the mistake corrected.

Holt was satisfied that his reputation for being up front with the public would
remain intact. His reputation for modesty was pretty much cemented.

In the April municipal election, Holt, 48, went on to trounce his opponent,
newcomer Greg Sykes, to hold onto his aldermanic seat in the 3rd Ward. His joy
was tangible on election night as he celebrated with his wife, Orchard Farm High
School sweetheart Ginger, and their adult children. City Administrator Bill
Charnisky called Holt highly supportive and respectful of city staffers as an
elected official. Charnisky says that if anyone wants to keep up with Holt, they
had better stock up on coffee, ginseng and patience.

"Bruce has a lot of energy," Charnisky said. "He's very committed to his
constituents, and very big on customer service and grassroots activism."

Before the aldermanic election, Holt had signed up to run for former state Rep.
Don Kissell's 17th District seat. Kissell, a Democrat, had decided to run for a
state Senate spot in the November election. County Executive Joe Ortwerth, a
Republican, had represented the 17th district before Kissell.

Seeing that no one had filed to run against St. Charles Republican Buddy Hardin,
who had run against Kissell in two previous elections, Holt wanted to keep a
Democrat in the post.

Hardin decided not to run. But Holt beat Joe Smith, 28, a candidate who
unexpectedly surfaced, by 441 votes in November.

But most important, Holt's victory in predominantly Republican St. Charles
County helped Democrats boost their majority in the Missouri House by two seats.

Holt, a drywall taper and member of Local 2341 Painters District Council 2, will
head to Jefferson City after the holidays. He is grateful for every one of his
supporters who are sending him there.

"It's a very humbling experience when someone gives you their vote," he said.

Those words managed to sound unrehearsed from Holt, a former volunteer
firefighter with the St. Charles Fire Protection District.

Maybe that's because Holt never considered himself as a politician. At least not
the slick, fast-talking, promise-everything and do-nothing kind of politician.
He says being that type of elected official means that he would have to tell a
lot of lies, and "if you don't tell a bunch of lies, then you won't have to
remember as much."

That's why he was flabbergasted a few months ago by a rumor that linked some of
his campaign contributions to his vote concerning Savannah, a controversial
housing development on the northwest side of the city.

Some residents who wanted the project stopped charged that Holt should not have
been involved in decisions concerning it. Its developer, Tom Johnson, had
contributed to Holt's campaign through his company.

Holt was amazed that people thought he could be bought for $ 350. He had
received $ 150 for his aldermanic race and $ 200 for his race for state
representative.

The main reason Holt says he applied for a seat on St. Peters' Planning and
Zoning Commission years ago was that he wanted the lack of rental property
maintenance in the city to become a focus. He decided to run for 3rd Ward
alderman in 1998, having served as a mayoral campaign manager for Brown two
years before. He unseated Jack Hunt, who had represented the 3rd Ward for 15
years.

Holt says he gained a wealth of advice from Alderman Jerry Hollingsworth, 2nd
Ward. In turn, Holt helped former Planning and Zoning Commission member John
"Rocky" Reitmeyer through his first aldermanic race last spring. Reitmeyer now
represents the city's 1st Ward.

"There's never been any negative talk about Bruce," Reitmeyer said, despite the
campaign contribution flap before November's election. "Someday I hope to be
like him and to follow in his footsteps."

True to his modest form, Holt played Reitmeyer's praise down.

He did, however, appear to be pleased by it despite himself.

"Nobody forces you to run for office," he said. "And if you decide to become an
elected official without giving 100 percent to the job, then you don't deserve
to be there."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: To contact Mikal Harris: E-mail: mikalharris@post-dispatch.com Phone:
636-946-3903, ext. 241

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Color Photo by DAVID CARSON /ST. CHARLES COUNTY POST - Bruce Holt
of St. Peters smoothes over the seams in the drywall ceiling in a new home in
Lake Saint Louis. Holt will head to Jefferson City as a freshman state
representative for the 17th district.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              629 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                NOVEMBER 15, 1997 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

RECRUIT TOLD TO LIE IN REPORT POLICE TRAINER ACCUSED OF ADVISING HIM TO DO SO

BYLINE: BILL ROMANO, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 334 words


After a day of "soul searching," a troubled San Jose police recruit confided to
a supervisor that his field training officer instructed him to fake a report in
connection with a drug arrest last month.

The recruit, Robert Taylor Jr., told investigators that he decided to come
forward after he concluded that the direction allegedly given him by Officer
William McLean conflicted with the law, police said.

McLean, who was arrested this week on a felony charge of filing a false police
report, was arraigned in Santa Clara County Municipal Court on Thursday. McLean,
48, was released on his own recognizance after his court appearance. He is on
administrative leave.

Police Sgt. Bob Beams said the internal investigation began Oct. 23, the day
after Taylor notified the department that McLean had told him to misrepresent in
his arrest report the facts regarding the search of a 15-year-old male suspect
in custody.

McLean, acting as substitute training officer, and Taylor were dispatched to
investigate an assault, where they took a youth into custody as a truant. Before
transporting him to the truancy center, Taylor patted the youth's trouser pocket
and discovered a large object that turned out to be a plastic bag containing
methamphetamine.

A 21-year-veteran, McLean subsequently informed Taylor his search had been
improper and told him to alter his report to say the juvenile voluntarily
surrendered the contraband -- eliminating the chance the evidence would be ruled
inadmissible in court, according to the police. McLean allegedly warned that
they "would lose the arrest," because of it. Though he felt uneasy, Taylor said
he went along with McLean's direction and altered the report.

The day after, Taylor informed his regular training officer what happened and
the investigation was begun, said Beams. In a taped phone conversation, McLean
indicated he knew that the information in the report was false and that he had
offered Taylor the advice, investigators said.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              630 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            June 22, 2005 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

EMPLOYMENT;
City firm will offer HR services

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 458 words


Oklahoma City-based Partners Human Resources has formed an alliance with
Houston-based Trak-1, which will allow the two companies to offer employers
rapid and extensive background checks on potential employees and volunteers.

The partnership will speed crucial pre-employment checks that can include
criminal, credit and motor vehicle reports, and can check state registrations of
sexual offenders.

John Pinard, vice president and co-owner of Partners HR, said employers need to
protect themselves from applicants who misrepresent themselves on resumes.

"For the sake of money and time, it's too easy to make a mistake that could end
a business," Pinard said. "This is one area employers should not cut corners."

The new alliance will shorten the length of time background checks will take,
and therefore likely will reduce costs for employers.

Partners HR also offers investigative background searching, recruiting and
staffing, a full range of human resource services, and professional search and
management consulting.

IN OTHER NEWS

<b>Muskogee business wins franchise title</b>

CK Ventures Inc. in Muskogee was named "Franchise of the Year" by Jackson Hewitt
Tax Service Inc.

Owners Carl and Carrie Kelley's operation was selected from among nearly 800
franchises.

CK Ventures Inc. operates 42 Jackson Hewitt Tax Service locations in Oklahoma,
Missouri, Arkansas and Florida.

For more information, call (918) 686-6800.

<b>Grants workshop set in Pawhuska</b>

The Pawhuska Chamber of Commerce is holding a grant writing workshop Tuesday
through June 30.

The Basic Grant Writing Institute will be from 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. daily at
the Pawhuska Community Center, 520 Lynn Ave. The workshop will include
information on how to write a proposal and how to search for funding sources.

Cost is $195, and registration is required. For more information, contact Dia
Doughty at (918) 287-1208.

<b>Consulting firms form alliance</b>

A pair of Oklahoma research and consulting companies have formed an alliance to
expand the reach of both companies, officials said.

SoonerPoll.com, a public opinion research firm based in Oklahoma City, has
created the partnership with Jury Strategies, a Tulsa-based jury consulting
company.

Founded in 2001 by Matt McClendon and Adam Boesen, Jury Strategies provides mock
trial focus groups, jury selection services and case strategy consultation.

<b>Tomato seminar set in McAlester</b>

The public will be able to learn how to successfully grow tomatoes at a free
educational seminar Thursday in McAlester.

The Pittsburg County Extension agent Ted Evicks will discuss on-farm practical
research being done by producers in the area from 6 to 8:30 p.m. at the John
Proctor farm in McAlester.

For more information, contact the Kerr Center at (918) 647-9123.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              631 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             March 19, 2010 Friday

San Francisco, public utilities ask judge to remove Prop. 16 from ballot

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 333 words


Staff and wire report

San Francisco and a group of government-owned utilities is asking a judge to
remove a proposition from the June ballot that would make it harder for local
governments to enter the electricity business.

In a suit filed Thursday, a coalition that includes San Francisco, the
Sacramento Municipal Utility District, several small public-power generators and
the California Municipal Utilities Association is seeking to have Proposition 16
taken off the ballot.

They claim the Pacific Gas and Electric Co.-sponsored measure is misleading and
misrepresents the impact of the initiative.

"I think it's a great idea," Marin County Supervisor Charles McGlashan said.
"This ballot measure is completely bogus. To allow one company to abuse the
state constitution to protect its monopoly interests is outrageous."

PG&E spokeswoman Robin Swanson said it is ironic that public utilities accuse
the company of backdoor tactics when it is PG&E that is airing the issue so
voters can make an informed decision.

"These entities and the politicians would rather go to the courts than go to the
people," Swanson said. "Besides," she added, "their claims are baseless, and
they have missed all the constitutional deadlines to get it off the ballot."

So far, neither Marin County nor any Marin cities are participating in the suit.
The Marin Energy Authority, a group consisting of the county of Marin, San
Rafael, Mill Valley, Sausalito, Tiburon, San Anselmo, Fairfax and Belvedere, is
competing with PG&E as a retailer of electricity in Marin with the aim of
cutting the emission of greenhouse gases by boosting renewable energy use.

Dawn Weisz, the authority's interim director, said regardless of whether
Proposition 16 passes the authority will be able to launch its second phase and
expand its customer base beyond the 7,500 customers that it is currently
marketing to in phase one of its rollout.

But Weisz said, "It might affect Larkspur, Novato and Corte Madera if they
decide to come on board later."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2010 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved

                              632 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 6, 2009 Tuesday

Whitman pushes back on voting record

BYLINE: By Steven Harmon and Denis Theriault MediaNews Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: POLITICS; News; Breaking

LENGTH: 869 words


SACRAMENTO -- Two weeks after news of her thin voting record nearly paralyzed
her campaign for governor, Meg Whitman is now pushing back with new claims that
she voted.

The pushback is part of a newly aggressive effort to repair the damage that came
from being depicted as unengaged politically for the last 28 years. And it marks
yet another attempt for the Whitman campaign, following apologies and
explanations, to take control of a storyline that her campaign has been unable
to squelch.

Still, some political observers say, the fallout will likely linger. It's still
clear that Whitman missed most elections, and other questions still remain over
her fresh claims that she voted.

Whitman's campaign this week said she voted in the 1984 and 1988 presidential
elections for Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush.

And in an open letter sent Monday to the Sacramento Bee, which first reported on
her voting history, the Whitman campaign demanded a retraction and questioned
whether the paper had set out to "deliberately misrepresent Meg Whitman's voting
record." The paper, in its Sept. 24 story, said it could find no record showing
she'd registered until 2002, when she was 46.

"Meg is adamant about her recollection of voting in San Francisco in the 1984
and 1988 presidential elections, and the Sacramento Bee ran with a misreported
item they let through their editing process," said Tucker Bounds, Whitman's
deputy campaign manager. "Meg's voting record could certainly be better, but it
should have been accurately reflected, and that's all we have been arguing for."

But Larry Gerston, a political science professor at San Jose State University,
said whether or not Whitman voted once or twice over the past 28 years is beside
the point.

"Even if it's true, it still reinforces the theme that this person has been
fairly absent from California politics," Gerston said. "This draws attention,
ignites the issue all over again."

Whitman's campaign quibbled most vociferously with the Bee's assertion that she
had never voted in San Francisco.

The campaign says she canceled her registration there before 1992, the year the
city's elections office transferred its files from one computer system to
another.

But there also appears to be no way to prove she voted before 1992, either. In a
letter to the Whitman campaign, John Arntz, the director of the San Francisco
department of elections, wrote: "We cannot confirm or deny whether individual
records for people where records were canceled prior to 1992 were included in
the transition to the current system."

"Some records were moved forward, and some weren't," Arntz added in an
interview. "There's no way to confirm if she voted."

That point seems to undercut the Bee's assertion that had she been registered
and voting, her information would have been transferred to the city's current
system. But Arntz noted that if Whitman had voted in the 1980s, as her campaign
claims, then canceled her registration before 1992, it could explain why her
records weren't found.

Whitman's campaign also says Ohio records show that, contrary to the Bee story,
she did in fact register there in the early 80s, and that she'd registered in
Santa Clara County starting in 1999. Officials in Hamilton County, Ohio, said
they only checked computer records the first time someone asked about Whitman's
voting record several months ago.

Jean Beirise, the office's registration editor, said she personally pored over
archived records, kept on microfilm, after the office was contacted again.
Still, even though records show that Whitman was registered to vote from 1980 to
1982, the elections office still could produce no record that she had actually
voted.

And, while the Whitman campaign produced an affidavit number -- 70CE223397 --
that they said proved she'd registered in the late 90s in Santa Clara County,
the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voter's office said it could not yet match
the number with any record of her registering to vote.

Elaine Larsen, the assistant registrar, said affidavit numbers, which are placed
on the bottom of voter registration forms, are used to help officials look up a
record. She said officials have so far checked the office's computer and
microfiche records to no avail and that they are now waiting for a delivery of
archived computer files.

"We're doing everything we can to dig deeper and see if there's anything we can
find," Larsen said. "We were unable to find anything from the files we have
access to."

Asked if, so far, there's still been no conclusive evidence that Whitman had
registered to vote in Santa Clara County, Larsen said: "Correct."

By confronting the Bee, the Whitman campaign appears to be trying to rally
conservative voters around her, said Jack Pitney, political science professor at
Claremont McKenna College.

"If her side of the story holds up and if the Bee can't produce documentation to
back up their story, this limits the damage, because Republicans tend to circle
the wagons when they perceive that one of their own is under an unfair attack
from the press," Pitney said.

Bee Capitol bureau editor Amy Chance said, "We plan to double back with the
registrars to see if they find anything new, and we'll report what we find."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              633 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 8, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Hallmark Responds

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A16; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 423 words


Recent columns by Courtland Milloy [Metro, Dec. 18] and Rudolph Pyatt [Business,
Dec. 24] concerning Hallmark and its business relationship with Linda Anderson
contain inaccuracies.

To set the record straight, Hallmark Cards Inc. is committed to furthering the
interest of its minority employees, vendors, store owners and community members.

Quite simply, Hallmark disapproved Linda Anderson's new G Street location
because the facts indicate it would not be economically viable. With twice the
space and double the overhead of the previous location, Hallmark does not
believe the proposed location could support a Hallmark store.

Further, Linda Anderson's claims to successful retailing judgment do not square
with Hallmark's experience. Neither column mentions her failure to pay her bills
to Hallmark within our terms of sale. And neither mentions that Hallmark has
been working with her on this since August 1989 to no avail.

Beyond the Anderson matter, Mr. Milloy's emotional column misrepresents
Hallmark's handling of an unconscionable event earlier this year. Racially
offensive mail sent to several minority Hallmarkers in April by an unknown
individual was not printed on company stationery, and the incident was
vigorously and promptly denounced by Hallmark president Irvine O. Hockaday Jr.

Finally, Mr. Milloy was clearly off base in characterizing Hallmark's role in
the larger community.

Of the $ 5.4 million Hallmark contributed to charitable organization in 1990, $
1.1 million was earmarked for programs that directly or indirectly benefit
minorities.

In addition, the company runs several programs to encourage minority involvement
in all aspects of Hallmark's business, including: A minority scholarship program
to assist talented student writers and artists. A minority supplier development
program, to increase business with minority-owned companies. A minority card
shop program to increase the number of minority-owned Hallmark stores.

Since 1984, this last program has provided financial assistance, help with
technical problems and advice on retail operations to minority owners. To
cultivate minority interest in the program, Hallmark advertises, attends
conventions and addresses professional organizations.

Why would Hallmark invest money and time in the development of minority
independent store owners and, at the same time, seek to undermine Linda
Anderson's success?

The answer is: we would not.

STEVE DOYAL Manager, Corporate Media Relations Hallmark Cards Inc. Kansas City,
Mo.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              634 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

U n candid cameras

BYLINE: Philip Kennicott

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1315 words


Most people will acknowledge that the camera can be used as a powerful tool for
telling lies. Harder to accept is that the camera, by its very nature, always
lies, that it always misrepresents, distorts or manifests the hidden
manipulation of its operator.

But it's a truth ineluctable after spending time in the National Gallery of
Art's fascinating and provocative "I Spy: Photography and the Theater of the
Street, 1938-2010." The exhibition is devoted to six photographers who explored
ways to photograph surreptitiously, or without intruding on the drama of their
subjects' private existence. In Walker Evans's 1938-1941 "Subway Portraits," the
photographer concealed a camera in his coat and captured straight-on images of
people sitting opposite him on a train. Decades later, photographer Philip-Lorca
diCorcia rigged elaborate photographic traps in New York, concealing
synchronized flashes and using a pre-focused telephoto lens to record
spontaneous moments of street life with the professional polish of a fashion
photographer.

The assumption driving these experiments is simple but problematic: By masking
the presence of the photographer, one can get a deeper, more unguarded truth
about people. As Evans put it, he wanted to capture people "in naked repose,"
with their guard down and "the mask" off. Whether it's Freudian slips of tongue,
unwanted conversations caught on a hot mike or leaked videotape from cameras no
one knew were on, we tend to believe the spontaneous self is the honest self.
But it's a quirk of modernity to believe that the social mask is false and that
there is some kind of genuine authenticity underneath it.

Study the images Evans made in the subway, and it's hard to believe that many of
his subjects were unaware of his presence. Perhaps they didn't see the camera,
but several seem cognizant of something odd about his presence. It's one thing
to rig a camera to peer out between the buttons of your coat and respond to a
shutter cable in your jacket; it's another to mask your own presence in a highly
artificial game. Some of his subjects might be oblivious, but at least a few
might be giving him a subtle fish eye or awkwardly avoiding him.

Evans changed the equation in another series made in Bridgeport, Conn., in 1941.
Standing on the street, using a larger viewfinder camera, Evans photographed
passersby without hiding the camera. The faint, questioning looks one sees in
the "Subway" series become a catalogue of annoyance and confrontation, as his
Bridgeport subjects look sideways and down to where the camera was positioned at
Evans's waist. The angle of their gaze is the same as it would be if Evans's fly
were unzipped, or if he were engaged in some other waist-level indiscretion.
Perhaps there's humor lurking here: The voyeuristic photographer makes himself a
spectacle for others.

Dismemberment

The so-called "observer effect" in physics - that merely observing a system
changes it in some way - comes to mind as you travel deeper into these
experiments.

In a 1950 series, Harry Callahan photographed women on the streets of Chicago.
Whereas Evans kept his camera hidden, Callahan used a pre-focused telephoto
lens, picking his target and snapping it before his presence was noticed. Or
maybe not. The women whose faces fill the frame in Callahan's images often look
weary and slightly pained. Most likely they are tired or preoccupied. But
perhaps to some extent, they are collectively registering the annoyance of being
women in a world of the male gaze. They don't respond directly to Callahan's
camera, but they wear the protective mask of women who are used to being stared
at, registering existential annoyance at a world in which men play games like
the one Callahan is playing.

Robert Frank, fresh from his magnum opus "The Americans," used a bus for
photographic anonymity in his 1958 "From the Bus" series. Frank's characteristic
sense of alienation pervades these images, at least two of which dismember the
bodies they capture. In one, a hand dangling from the bus is disconnected from
its owner, in another a man who has passed out of the picture frame has left a
foot behind, a reminder of the perpetual flux of city life.

Dismemberment is a good metaphor for the effect the camera has on our view of
urban life in many of these images. Most of these photographers are breaching
social protocols, and the moody and anxious view of city life they come up with
might be its own form of illusion. Anything ripped from context will seem
disconnected and bizarre, and so it's no surprise that they create visions of
the city in which nobody seems to be in a relationship with anyone else.

Bruce Davidson's "Subway" is a powerful but disturbing series made in the 1980s
when New York was a much grittier place than the Giuliani-scrubbed and
Bloomberg-curated tourist mecca of today. But it feels dated. In part, it is the
subject matter: graffiti-covered subways, gang members, thugs, Guardian Angels,
terrified middle-class commuters and what appears to be a mugging in progress.
It is all documented with the precision and care of a National Geographic cover
story on exotic and dangerous animals. Davidson asked permission to photograph
most of his subjects, so he isn't really "spying." But the people in his images
seem so caught up in collective degradation, it's hard to imagine that they
could foretell how lurid it would look when reproduced in Davidson's wonderfully
rich and saturated prints.

A series of photographs from 2002 and 2012 by the Swiss photographer Beat
Streuli aims to breathe new life into street photography. Streuli captured
random people near the entrance to a subway stop in Manhattan, then projected
the still images on two high-definition screens. Some faces linger longer than
others, and as they slowly fade in and out, they seem to enter into elusive but
tangible relationships with each other and the photographer. Faces seen straight
on indict the viewer for invading the subject's space. In some cases,
disconnected faces appear to study each other, converting the victim of
voyeurism into the voyeur. Where Frank, Evans and Callahan dismembered social
relationships by picking out individual people, Streuli creates a series of faux
social relationships, carefully managed by the photographer's juxtapositions.

Changing focus

By the end of the exhibition, you might wonder whether the city is quite so
horrible as its street photographers seem intent on making it. Our sense of
urban woe might be partially manufactured by the kinds of images these
photographers make.

Three very large changes in the world will probably make this photography seem a
little passe until a revolution in taste comes. First, small cameras are
everywhere, and governmental and commercial surveillance is nearly complete in
many cities. Capturing people unawares is easy and ubiquitous. Second, the
number of snapshots circulating in the world, on social media and the Internet,
has diluted not only the impact of the form but our sense of privacy as well.
Many of us freely circulate, with no embarrassment, images of ourselves with our
"mask off," so much so one wonders whether the mask even exists anymore.

Finally, the city isn't the forlorn, anxious realm of disconnected misery that
it once was, or that these photographs claim it is. Much of the social despair,
isolation and pathology once seen as particularly urban has gravitated out of
the cities, to the lands where people bowl alone and cook meth in beat-up
trailers. And not surprisingly, the dissecting gaze of the camera has turned
elsewhere, so much so that this show feels like a fascinating but almost remote
chapter in the history of photography.

kennicottp@washpost.com

I Spy: Photography and the Theater of the Street, 1938-2000

is on view at the National Gallery of Art through Aug. 5. For more information,
visit www.nga.gov/exhibitions.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              635 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 27, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Success comes from bottom up

BYLINE: Gloria Steinem

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 202 words


The media often measure the women's movement's success by the number of white
women who carry briefcases and its failure by the policies of Reagan and Bush,
the most anti-equality presidents in history.

Both measures misrepresent the truth. In fact, the most exciting changes are
happening from the bottom up where, as public opinion polls show, a whopping
majority of Americans do support all the issues of equality but are too turned
off by traditional politics to vote.

Even in the supposedly controversial issue of whether a woman or the government
decides about abortion, a bigger majority supports a woman's right to choose
than ever supported the gulf war - but you'd never know it from the media.

To show who feminists really are and what they have been up to while the press
has been focusing on a view from the top, the Ms. Foundation for Women has given
awards to five full-time, grass-roots leaders who personify the movement:

- Cecilia Ortiz is a long-time Chicana leader who runs Mi Casa in Denver, a
center where low- or no-income women can walk in and find anything from support
in escaping a violent partner to a Third World-style loan fund that helps them
start small businesses.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; b/w, (6)

CUTLINE: Cecelia Ortiz CUTLINE: Young Shin CUTLINE: Charon Asetoye CUTLINE:
Idell Smalls CUTLINE: Sue Osthoff CUTLINE: Gloria Steinem

TYPE: Inquiry

Gloria Steinem, editor of Ms. and founder of the Ms.  Foundation for Women, is
at work on Revolution from Within; A Book of Self-Esteem.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.

                              636 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            May 10, 2000, Wednesday

EVIL PEDOPHILE'S INTERNET VICTIM: I WAS EASY PREY - LOVE-STRUCK TEEN FELL FOR
ONLINE LIES

BYLINE: Cathy Burke

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 1044 words


THIRTEEN-YEAR-OLD Katie Tarbox thought she was finally grown up when she met the
love of her life in an Internet chat room.

But her online Romeo was a sexual predator waiting for a chance to strike - and
he did.

Five years later, Katie is finally smart about surfing the 'Net - but she knows
she was easy prey when she was a prepubescent Connecticut schoolgirl.

Katie attended a tony school in New Canaan - "the richest town in the richest
state in the country," she says - when she became the unwitting obsession and
ultimate victim of depraved pedophile Frank Kufrovich.

For the first six months of their AOL chat-room romance, the lonely teen thought
her cyber-soulmate was just a sweet and understanding 23-year-old Californian
named "Mark."

"He cared about me," she writes in her startling memoir about the experience,
"Katie.com."

"He listened to my feelings. And he always supported me with encouragement and
advice."

AT home, she says, "I always felt alone," alienated from a busy mom - an
executive at a high-tech consulting firm - and at the mercy of a grueling
schedule of workouts for her school's nationally ranked swim team.

Not long after turning 14, Katie suddenly found herself alone in a Texas hotel
room with "Mark."

The naive teen told him "I love you," but he stunned her by suddenly and
fiendishly groping her breast.

Katie's safe little world came crashing in.

"I just never imagined this was the way a pedophile preyed on children," she
says.

The disturbing story of Katie's encounter with a sex offender began in September
1995, when she meandered into a teen chat room and met a person who seemed too
good to be true.

"Mark" was interested in all the things she liked: music, current events and
clothes. He told her he was 23 years old, and a computer consultant from
Woodland Hills, Calif.

Quickly, he became her older, wiser confidant.

Then Katie began to fall in love.

"I smiled at the computer as I read his e-mails," she remembers.

"It was the first time I really felt love, or at least what I thought was love
from a man. I wanted to see him more than anything in the world."

SIX months after meeting impostor Mark in cyberspace, Tarbox made a date for a
clandestine meeting in Dallas, where she was traveling with her school swim team
for a meet.

Her mother was also on the trip, but Katie was rooming with a teammate named
Ashley and found it easy to arrange a rendezvous.

"You can't go see this freak," Ashley warned Katie as the love-struck teen
sneaked off in her pajamas to meet "Mark."

Once inside the room, the creepy suitor immediately pounced.

He groped and kissed her. "Relax, sweetie," he advised.

Katie remembers the encounter as a whirlwind of confusion for a young girl.

I love you,' I said. I told him, because I wanted him to know how much I looked
up to him," she writes.

"He was everything that I thought a person should be. And when he said nothing
in response, I knew that I was wrong about him, about myself, about love, about
everything."

At the same moment, Katie's mom - alerted by distressed roommate Ashley -
pounded on the hotel-room door, security guards in tow, and rescued her baby
just moments from what could have been a horrific fate.

LATER, cops told Katie that "Mark" was really Frank Kufrovich, a 41-year-old
financial consultant from Calabasas, Calif.

"I realized, at that moment, that if Mark couldn't tell me the truth about these
basic issues, then why should I believe anything he said?" she writes.

Kufrovich eventually spent 18 months in jail for the molestation.

For Katie Tarbox, the sentence was much longer.

She spent years suffering guilt about turning him in, shame over how she could
have let the situation happen and humiliation over the whispers of friends and
family about her presumed promiscuity.

"I'm really disgusted with you. You've ruined our family. You've ruined our
lives," her older sister scolded.

Kufrovich also tried to blame the victim. He initially tried to paint Katie as a
stalker who wouldn't or couldn't leave him alone.

Only two years after the crime did he finally own up to what he had done.

It took a while, but Katie finally realized that it was Kufrovich who was sick
and needed to pay a price for what he did to her.

"Mark was like a character created by a gifted writer," Katie says. "He was a
product of the Internet and Frank Kufrovich's malevolent imagination, and it was
Mr. Kufrovich who was going to jail."

Katie was the first person who successfully prosecuted a pedophile under the
1996 Communications Decency Act, which was passed to protect minors against
sexual predators on the Internet.

"It was important for me to try to help other people," she says. "It was a very
long legal process, and it drained a lot out of me. It was the hardest part of
my life.

"But there was no way we were going to let this thing go."

KUFROVICH is now out of jail, and Katie has moved on, saying she doesn't think
about him.

She'll be attending the University of Pennsylvania in the fall and is planning
on writing another book.

She says writing her current book was therapeutic.

"Writing aeKatie.com' helped me put in terms everything that happened," she
says. "I believed I was guilty for all of it for a time, and I couldn't
understand that I was really manipulated."

Katie says she knows now that kids constantly need to be under the watchful eye
of adults.

"I think parents have become more aware of what their kids are doing online, but
I think they should really try to monitor somehow what the kids' activities
are," she says.

"Every kid says she is doing fine. But if you just spend the time, you might
just hear the rest of the story."


LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -BEWARE THE CYBER-STALKER: Making cyber-friends is fine, but remember
that it's easy for people to misrepresent themselves online - so take sensible
precautions before meeting your pal face-to-face for the first time.  N.Y. Post:
Susan May Tell
-HARROWING TALE: Katie Tarbox is naive no more - she's written "Katie.com"
(left), chronicling her story of victimization at the hand of an online sexual
predator, and she gives sound advice to fellow teens on the dangers of taking
online socializing too far.

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.

                              637 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 17, 1997, Tuesday, Final Edition

GAO Draft Report Suggests Link Between Gas, Gulf Vets' Illness; Pentagon, Agency
Clash on Research Conclusions

Dana Priest, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 624 words


A presidential panel and the Pentagon yesterday strongly disputed a new report
by the General Accounting Office asserting there is "substantial evidence" that
low-level exposure to poison gas weapons could cause delayed or long-term
ailments of Gulf War veterans.

The assertion is made in a GAO draft report, which is to be issued later this
month and was the subject of weekend news reports.

The Pentagon and the panel appointed by President Clinton to look into Gulf War
veterans's illnesses said the GAO had analyzed the same scientific research and
data that they had reviewed, but had reached a different and unwarranted
conclusion.

In a 10-page, point-by-point rebuttal, the chairwoman of the Presidential
Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans' Illness, Joyce C. Lashof, said the GAO
"fails to present references that document its 'substantial evidence.' "

Lashof also said overall that the GAO report "misrepresents" her panel's work,
is "lacking in substantiation and analytic rigor," and makes sweeping,
scientific-sounding statements that are "specious and misleading."

"I regret the blunt directness," Lashof, the former dean of public health at the
University of California at Berkeley, begins the letter, "but the quality of
this manuscript is so flawed that no other approach was possible."

The presidential panel concluded that stress, rather than Iraqi chemical and
biological weapons, were the likely cause of veterans' health problems. The GAO
said the panel had overemphasized stress as a factor.

The 89-page GAO draft report, first reported Sunday by the New York Times, also
raised the possibility that soldiers may have been exposed to aflatoxin, a
long-term carcinogen the Iraqis developed in their biological weapons program.

"Questions remain unanswered about . . . veterans' possible exposure to the
biological agent aflatoxin, the health effects of which may not be known for
months, or even years, after exposure," it said.

The presidential panel and the Pentagon have said there is no evidence that
troops were exposed to aflatoxin, and the GAO provided no fresh data to back up
its claim.

The presidential panel is composed of scientists and others from the private
sector and academia, many of whom have spent their careers questioning
government decisions and policies. The panel includes, for example, Arthur
Caplan, a preeminent medical ethicist at the University of Pennsylvania, and
Elaine Larson, dean of the Georgetown University school of nursing.

But in the finger-pointing atmosphere that followed the Pentagon's announcement
last June that soldiers likely were exposed to chemical weapons at an ammunition
depot in southern Iraq, panel members have also been accused by veterans
advocates and others as being part of the government-wide coverup of the facts.

Yesterday, in an effort to head off another round of critical news stories, the
Pentagon took the unusual step of talking about the GAO report before it had
even been released. Repeating past admissions that they had failed to do an
adequate job until recently of investigating possible chemical exposure,
Pentagon officials nonetheless took exception to GAO's conclusions that the
Defense Department had not owned up to its mistakes.

"There's frankly little new in it and many of the criticisms you've heard me
make from the podium," said Bernard Rostker, who heads the Pentagon's review of
the issue.

Rostker, like the presidential panel, said GAO had based its conclusions on the
"very, very scanty" published scientific research available on the effects of
low-level chemical exposure. "We're saying it's an open question. . . . There is
not an adequate research base to draw those conclusions."

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post

                              638 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 10, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

Millionaire Democrat Hopes To Challenge Gingrich in Fall; Entrepreneur Willing
to Commit Wealth in Race

John E. Yang, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1006 words

DATELINE: KENNESAW, Ga., April 9


Michael J. Coles, a self-made millionaire who embodies many of the qualities of
entrepreneurship championed by House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.), announced
today he would seek the Democratic nomination to oppose Gingrich in this fall's
election.

"I will not stand by and let Newt Gingrich with his political posturing continue
to misrepresent the people of the 6th District," said Coles, 52, co-founder and
chief executive of the Great American Cookie Co.

Georgia Democratic Party officials say Coles's willingness to commit his
personal wealth to a campaign -- he has said he will spend $ 1 million of his
money -- and his background building a business would make him a credible
challenger in this district in Atlanta's affluent north suburbs.

"Michael's the underdog, but he's within striking distance," said Steve C.
Anthony, Georgia Democratic Party executive director.

Political analysts, however, note the district is one of the most Republican in
the country and that, despite remarkably low public opinion poll numbers
nationwide, Gingrich has worked hard to solidify his standing here after barely
surviving a challenge in the GOP primary four years ago.

Still, they said, Coles could force Gingrich to pay closer attention to his own
race than he would have otherwise, distracting him from his efforts on behalf of
other House Republican candidates. He is by far the top attraction for the GOP.

"Every Democrat in America running for the House should send Michael $ 500 as a
token of appreciation," Anthony quipped.

"It probably keeps him at home more," said Charles Bullock, a University of
Georgia political scientist who puts Coles's chances of toppling Gingrich at
"slim to none."

Gingrich was in the district today but had no public events and no response to
Coles's announcement, his Marietta, Ga., office said. Wednesday the speaker is
to begin a 10-city, three-day trip to raise campaign funds for House
Republicans.

To face Gingrich, Coles must win a July 9 Democratic primary against Atlanta
attorney Tony Center, who lost to Gingrich in 1992, and Cliff Oxford, owner of a
computer software company and a community activist. Oxford said today that he
had rebuffed party officials who wanted him to stay out of the race. Center was
traveling and could not be reached.

Coles made his announcement in the lobby of the Michael J. Coles School of
Business at Kennesaw State College, just outside the lecture hall where Gingrich
taught his controversial college course. The funding for that course is the
subject of an investigation by the House ethics committee.

Georgia Democrats say they hope Coles will offer voters many of the same
conservative economic positions as Gingrich but with a more palatable
personality. "If we can give the voters what they want without the harshness,"
Anthony asked, "why should they stick with" Gingrich?

Today, Coles stressed his support for balancing the budget by cutting spending
and, once that is done, cutting taxes for middle-class families. He also said he
would take neither a congressional salary nor a congressional pension and would
serve no more than three terms.

He also underscored the public perceptions of Gingrich that have made him such a
polarizing figure in American politics, evoking memories of Gingrich's complaint
about his back-of-the-plane seating on Air Force One when he accompanied
President Clinton to Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin's funeral.

"We need a member of Congress from this district who will put the hopes of our
people ahead of a narrow, powerful special interest and an obsession in personal
status," Coles said. "We can't afford to keep sending to Washington a
congressman who believes it is more important to hear his own voice than it is
to hear the voice of the people."

But local Republicans say voters here distinguish between Gingrich's style and
his conservative views, many of which they share with him.

"We realize that sometimes he sticks his foot in his mouth and he has problems
at the national level," said Bill Gustafson, Cobb County GOP chairman. "But they
don't elect him; we do."

"Newt always carries a certain amount of negatives -- anyone who's as outspoken
as he is on a number of issues is going to carry some negatives," said state
Rep. Lynda Coker (R). But while voters "tend to discount his style, which may
not appeal to some people, they look very strongly at his accomplishments and
his voting record."

Although Gingrich is in his ninth term, this election is the third he has run in
his current district, where he moved following redistricting after the 1990
census. The district, which state Rep. Matt Towery (R) described as "CEO land,"
is only 6.2 percent black and has one of the highest median incomes in the
nation.

In his first election here, Gingrich won the primary by 980 votes out of 70,418
cast. His opponent lashed out at Gingrich for his 22 overdrafts at the House
Bank, support for a congressional pay raise and use of taxpayer-funded
chauffeured Lincoln Town Car. After a hard-fought fall campaign, Gingrich won
with 58 percent of the vote. In 1994, as the GOP tide that he masterminded swept
the nation, Gingrich won reelection with 64 percent of the vote.

Especially since becoming speaker, Gingrich has stepped up his efforts to stay
in touch with his home base, holding frequent town meetings and participating in
chamber of commerce and local school projects. "He's pretty attuned to this
district," said Jim Lovejoy, a GOP consultant who ran a 1992 primary campaign
that nearly defeated Gingrich.

Gingrich has raised $ 2 million, and Republicans say they expect him to spend as
much as $ 3 million to hold his seat -- a figure Democrats say they will match.

"He's paid more attention the last two years," said state Rep. Roy Barnes, a
conservative who is one of the few elected Democrats in the district. "He has
his weaknesses; he has his negatives; he's not sold in this district, but my bet
would still have to be with him."


LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1996April 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: campaign '96

GRAPHIC: Photo, barry shapiro/marietta daily journal; Illustration, The
Washington Post, HOLDING A SEAT Since moving districts, Newt Gingrich has
enjoyed relatively wide margins of victory for his House seat.  1992 Newt
Gingrich 57.7% Tony Center 42.3% 1994 Newt Gingrich 64.2% Ben Jones 35.8%
SOURCE: Congressional Directory With family by his side at Kennesaw State
College, Michael Coles announces he will seek the Democratic nomination for
Georgia's 6th District.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              639 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Mortgage-fraud risk falls in area

BYLINE: JOHN HIELSCHER

SECTION: D; FL News; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 582 words


THE MONEY MINDERS

The risk of mortgage fraud is easing in Southwest Florida but remains a problem
for lenders here and nationwide.

In a new report, data analyst CoreLogic says the Sarasota-Manatee region ranked
14th among major U.S. metro areas for indications of fraud among mortgage
applications as of mid-year.

But that was down by 26 percent over last year, the fourth-largest decline among
the 100 metro areas measured.

Florida again ranked as the riskiest state for mortgage application fraud,
CoreLogic said. But the state also posted the largest year-over-year drop with a
19 percent reduction in fraud risk.

Nationwide, an estimated 12,718 mortgage applications - 0.70 percent of all such
applications - contained fraud. That can include anything from potentially false
information on identity, income, occupancy, property information and undisclosed
real estate debt. Income fraud - in which applicants misrepresent how much they
make - showed the largest year-over-year increase, at 12.5 percent.

The risk of mortgage application fraud is nearly 4 percent higher over the year,
due in part to the availability of higher loan-to-value (LTV) loans, which
attract scammers because the potential profit is larger.

"Mortgage application fraud risk will likely rise over the next few years if
current trends of higher LTV purchases and increased credit availability
continue," said Bridget Berg, senior director of fraud solutions strategy at
CoreLogic.

Six Florida metro areas ranked in the top seven nationwide for mortgage fraud
risk. Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach was ranked first, Lakeland-Winter
Haven was second, and Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater was third.

New York-Newark was fourth, followed by Jacksonville, Deltona-Daytona
Beach-Ormond Beach and Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford.

Floridians' income rises

The real median household income in Florida rose 4.1 percent last year, a new
study from the American Community Survey showed. But Florida workers are still
trailing behind the rest of the country, says senior economist Mark Vitner at
Wells Fargo Securities.

"Even with the gain, real median household income in Florida remains 11.3
percent below the national average," Vitner said in a recent report. "Tampa,
Miami and Orlando have the lowest median incomes among the nation's 25 largest
metropolitan areas.

"Household income has been weighed down by Florida's large tourist sector, which
employs large numbers of part-time and lower-paid workers," he said. The mix of
job growth has been improving in recent years, however, which should boost
income growth going forward."

Florida businesses added 24,500 new jobs to their payrolls in August. That
swelled 2016 gains to 259,800 jobs, a 3.2 percent improvement over the year.

July's figures were revised upward to reflect 36,700 new jobs, making it the
strongest month for hiring in six years.

"Job gains in August were broadly based," Vitner said. "Retail trade added 7,900
jobs, bringing the average gain for the past three months to 5,400 jobs.
Florida's reinvigorated manufacturing sector added 4,800 jobs, contrasting with
the nation, which saw manufacturing employment decline in August.

"Professional and technical services continues to post solid gains, which bodes
well for income as it captures hiring at computer programming, accounting and
consulting firms that tend to provide more stable and higher-paying jobs,"
Vitner said.

- Contact John Hielscher at 361-4875, fax to 361-4880 or email
john.hielscher@heraldtribune.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE MONEY MINDERS The risk of mortgage fraud is easing in Southwest
Florida but remains a problem for lenders here and nationwide. In a new report,
data analyst CoreLogic says the Sarasota-Manatee region ranked 14th among major
U.S. metro areas for indications of fraud among mortgage applications as of
mid-year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              640 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               January 26, 2001, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

A

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 1942 words



Re: Bonus money was divisive, letter, Jan. 8.

Though the letter writer and I share a commitment to quality education and
shared accountability to ensure Florida's children get that education, she
misrepresents the facts about our A+plan and specifically how well it's working
across our state, particularly in underperforming schools.

The writer first takes me to task for the School Recognition Award program. I
would point out that this was first initiated in 1998, before I became governor,
and that it was designed by more than 70 public school teachers of the year
representing each of Florida's 67 counties. Whatever its origins, though, there
is no question I strongly support extra dollars being sent to our highest rated
and most improved schools. In fact, we've taken that initial $ 5.4-million
annual commitment and increased it to $ 80-million.

The reason for this support stems from my visits to more than 200 schools while
I was running for office. Again and again I heard from public school teachers,
administrators and SAC members like the writer that what our schools really
needed was a way to bypass the red tape and micromanagement at the state and
district levels, get the money directly to the schools and let them decide,
based on their unique needs and challenges, how best to spend it.

I listened to those voices, the A+plan was formulated with that same vision, and
it is working. The number of Florida public schools receiving an "F" grade has
decreased from 78 in 1998-1999 to only four in 1999-2000, with only two schools
repeating their "F" grade, thereby making the students at Bibbs and Dixon in
Pensacola eligible for Opportunity Scholarships.

Also, money is flowing to those schools that most need it, and I'm not just
referring to those schools that improved by a letter grade or more and thus
received an extra $ 100 per pupil. Even those "D" and "F" schools that did not
improve received more per pupil in operating funds under the A+plan than did
"A," "B" and "C" schools. And Bibbs and Dixon received 40 percent more funding
per pupil the first year Opportunity Scholarships were utilized.

I hope the letter writer continues her support of the public school system. But
she's not doing any of her fellow residents any favors by misrepresenting the
A+plan or ignoring its clear successes.

Jeb Bush, governor, Tallahassee

Ticket offerings are questionable

Re: School Board member fumes over ticket snub,

Jan. 20.

Alas, another publicly elected official is upset that the National Football
League has not offered him/her the opportunity to purchase tickets to the "big
game." Have any of our public officials considered that the NFL is a for-profit
corporation and the offering of tickets to public officials has a purpose - to
seek cooperation from the public official and possibly special benefits for the
NFL.

The opportunity to buy these tickets was not offered to the general public from
which the NFL cannot seek "favors." Although many of our public officials stated
they have accepted the tickets and sold them at face value to friends, it
doesn't make the receiving of the tickets any less onerous.

If private corporations such as the St. Petersburg Times accepted the tickets,
this is an arms-length business transaction between two for-profit corporations
and is not as dangerous as publicly elected officials doing the same thing.

Any public official who has accepted the tickets should notify the public and
declare who ultimately wound up with the tickets and certify that they were
transferred for the face value consistent with the law. Never again should our
public officials cater to a for-profit corporation, including the Buccaneers and
the Devil Rays, and expect the general public to turn a blind eye to these
transactions that certainly cast doubt on any official actions public officials
take toward these sporting entities.

Ron Frankel, St. Petersburg

Not a good reason for outrage

Since Pinellas School Board chairman Tom Todd is familiar with education, let me
inform him that not being offered Super Bowl tickets is not a good example of
something to be outraged about. We call it a "non-example." Good examples
include:

Having 30-plus students in a classroom.

Having an advanced degree and making comparatively substandard pay.

Having Jeb Bush offer to give new teachers $ 1,000 one week, then telling us the
next week he wants to cut money for pay raises.

Pushing away homeless people to preserve Tampa's image for the Super Bowl.

Paying $ 400 for a ticket.

 Any questions?

Jim Reed, teacher, St. Petersburg

Forestry doesn't always help forests

 Re: Our forests are ever changing, letter, Jan. 12.

  The letter writer criticized your Dec. 26 editorial Protecting our forests as
propaganda and filled with untruths. He went on to lay out the most distorted
bunch of misinformation I have ever seen in one place.

Should we believe someone just because he used to teach forestry? Not if we
understand that after World War II the large timber companies, faced with a
postwar building boom, funded university forestry schools with the understanding
that they would teach a curriculum designed to prepare employees,  foresters who
could efficiently access and harvest timber and grow new trees. There was no
profit in educating foresters on the values of biodiversity, water quality,
wildlife habitat, fisheries, recreation and overall forest health. Forestry
school graduates  knew each other and interacted over time to create a network
that disregarded environmental values in favor of timber production. This
assault on our forests culminated in a binge of clear-cutting that peaked 10
years ago, a date the letter writer conveniently uses as a benchmark to compare
with timber volume today.

He would have us think that old growth is merely a stand of old trees that are
near death and worthless except for lumber. Important characteristics of old
growth include trees of varying ages, a multistory canopy, numerous dead trees
on the ground, dead standing trees, logs in streams, considerable shade, etc.
Many species of wildlife require old growth for part of their life cycle. The
purest water we have measured occurs in old growth forests. We are down to less
than 5 percent of the old growth we had in 1776.

The Times' editorial was absolutely correct when it stated that most Forest
Service roads have been built only to access timber that was subsequently
clear-cut. Sadly, the taxpayers often lost money on timber sales because the
roads cost a good deal more than was received in payment for trees. It's called
a "deficit sale." Many of these roads have been closed to vehicles because they
reduce the integrity of wildlife habitat and the silt from erosion and vehicle
traffic harms fish populations.

In the industry's typical short-term view, fire was a non-profit event and
merely seen as inventory reduction. Any of the many benefits we now know about
fire were ignored and Smokey Bear became a hero. The emphasis on fighting fire
is the reason our low elevation and non-wilderness forests are fuel heavy and
vulnerable to unnatural high intensity fires. This high fuel loading has nothing
to do with preservationist policies and everything to do with decades of
unnatural fire suppression. The forests, after all, were doing quite nicely
before man arrived on the scene.

Robert D. Stone, St. Petersburg

Scooters are dangerous

This is in regard to the twin brothers who were hit by a car while riding their
scooters in the street. I just read where one of the brothers died from his
injuries. The other kid was extremely lucky.

I have seen numerous articles about how dangerous these "toys" are, yet nothing
is being done (apparently) to either ban their sale or control their legal use.

Now I understand that adult-sized versions of this scooter are being made and
sold. My question is "why?" These vehicles are proven to be dangerous!

I hope that responsible parents who read these articles on the recent scooter
accident would at least keep an eye on their kids when they use these things.

Steve Baetzner, Largo

For safety, just follow the rules

Re: The push for scooter safety, Jan. 23.

The problem is not the scooter. It's a lack of common sense.

I have three children who received scooters at Christmas. I would have ranked
just below the Grinch and Ebenezer Scrooge if they hadn't been sitting under the
tree that morning.

Before my kids took those scooters outside for a spin, I sat them down and laid
down the rules. I stressed the importance of using all safety precautions. I
gave them the "helmet and pads" rule and the "sidewalk rule."

The rules aren't followed? They lose their scooter for a while. It's as simple
as that.

Look, any time you're operating any type of vehicle - motorized or not - it
stands to reason that some safety rules need to be followed. Those who don't
follow the rules are just accidents waiting to happen.

Frank Chatraw Jr., Largo

Could tragedy have been avoided?

Re: Son charged with shooting, Jan. 9.

Why is it that when members of the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill read a
story like the one about the man who shot and killed his father and then shot
and mortally wounded his mother, that we all hasten and heighten our reading of
it because we "sensed" that this would be about a person with mental illness.

  1. Was it that he was an adult man still living with his elderly parents?

2. Was it that the neighbors knew he often fought with his parents?

3. Was it the unemotional way the shooter went to a neighbor's, called 911 and
"calmly" awaited the arrival of the police?

4. Was it the methodical placement of the gun and the textbook surrender to the
deputies.

6. Was it that neighbors never saw "him do anything" or "work."

7.  Was it that "he was a really quiet person?"

7. Was it that the neighbor identified him as a "weirdo" and said he looked
"strange?"

8. Was it that he "confessed" over the phone?

9. Was it that he had no prior criminal record?

No, it wasn't any one of the known circumstances. But, taken all together, they
were tell-tale clues that led us to one conclusion: mental illness.

Now, the criminal justice system takes over. Will it be: insanity, incompetence
or a guilty verdict? We will follow the story with saddened interest because no
matter what the verdict is - three lives ended or changed forever. Most of us
will all have to wait for this to play out in the courts and press. Others have
already made up their minds: death penalty.

Could this incident have been prevented? Although there are a lot of unanswered
questions surrounding this incident, the most obvious answer is that this might
have been prevented if proper intervention had occurred, probably years ago.
Didn't anyone living nearby suspect anything? Didn't the Krauses ever mention
their problem? Didn't they seek treatment, support or knowledge?

This is one of those critical incidents that periodically occurs and raises
numerous questions. It seems it never changes or improves.

Donald G. Turnbaugh, NAMI (National Alliance for

the Mentally Ill), Palm Harbor

Share your opinions

Letters for publication should be addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box
1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731. They can be sent by e-mail to
letters@sptimes.com or by fax to (727) 893-8675.

They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number. Please include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be published.


LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Don Addis; Super bowl XXXV player standing on
scale that shows a $ and says TAMPA. Scale says "Oof! I hope he's worth the
wait."

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company

                              641 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           January 10, 1998 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Browsed off

BYLINE: JENNIFER HEWETT

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; News Review; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1691 words


A US court will next week deliver a ruling which may dramatically curtail
Microsoft's ability to ride roughshod over its opposition. JENNIFER HEWETT
reports on the implications of the battle of the Internet browsers.

IN JUST a few minutes of tinkering in a Washington courtroom, Judge Thomas
Jackson demolished one of Microsoft's main defences against the Federal
Government's charge that it is illegally trying to control cyberspace.

Microsoft lawyers had argued that removing the company's Internet browser from
its latest version of Windows would cripple the computer software.

Jackson didn't test this through legal findings - at least not yet. He merely
brought his laptop computer into the office and clicked the mouse a few times.
Surprise! The browser, Internet Explorer, disappeared without any of the
problems that Microsoft lawyers had insisted would result. Jackson temporarily
halted Microsoft from demanding that Internet Explorer be installed alongside
its Windows 95 software.

The lawyers are due back in court next Tuesday to address the issues raised by
Jackson's amateur experiment, among them, whether Microsoft is in contempt of
court for wilfully misinterpreting his order in an attempt to misrepresent its
effect. Unfortunately for Net-scape Communications Corp, it's not quite so easy
to get rid of the Microsoft browser outside the courtroom.

Netscape is the California company, founded in 1994, that developed the Netscape
Navigator - software that allowed easy access to the Internet. It promptly
sprouted into a computer giant with record profits and growth.

That was until Netscape stunned Wall Street and itself by announcing this week
that it expected huge losses of between $US85 million ($134 million) and $US89
million over the past three months, and blamed Microsoft's increasing share of
the browser market.

This was extraordinary. Net-scape is one of those success stories that has
helped define the new US economy of the 1990s. The creative force behind it was
a kid, Marc Andreessen, just out of university.

While still an undergraduate at the University of Illinois in 1993, Andreessen
developed a means of making the incredibly complicated and frustrating paths to
and through the Internet accessible to consumers rather than just determined
computer geeks. He called it the Mosaic browser. The icon-driven software could
be used to read and retrieve information from the World Wide Web. The door to
cyberspace was suddenly wide open, and people started streaming through.

At first, Andreessen gave copies of the prototype program away to his friends,
who copied it for their friends, who in turn copied it for their friends, like
an online chain letter.

While looking for a job after finishing university, Andreessen met a computer
veteran, Jim Clark, who had made his first fortune by starting Silicon Graphics.
Clark suggested co-founding a company instead, and Netscape was born. By the
time it went public in August 1995, Andreessen, aged 24, held shares worth $US58
million. He was promoted - though not by him, he insists - as the new challenge
to Bill Gates, the new face of the computer revolution. Inevitably, he was on
the cover of Time and Newsweek.

Now Netscape is talking about laying off some of its 2,400 employees and closing
down some operations as it struggles to find a safer footing from which to
expand again.

But there's more at stake than Netscape's profits - and its abrupt rise and
fall. The results test the idea that the unregulated creativity and diversity
driving the computer age can continue to thrive and spawn anything more than
midgets in a world of established giants.

The browser battle and Net-scape's now troubled future are part of a much
broader and more important war over the road rules of cyberspace.

The immediate issue is over control of the Internet and its possibilities. It's
also about whether Microsoft can - or should - continue its take-no-prisoners
bid to dominate the computer world and whether it is doing so unfairly and
illegally.

Those who are opposed to it - and they include most of the computer world -
regard Microsoft as a predatory threat to the very idea of open competition.
Microsoft likes to ensure its products and programming are not interchangeable
with or accessible to others. It sets the standard and owns it. Others are
supposed to follow.

Given that Microsoft Windows software drives about 85 per cent of the world's
computers and 90 per cent of American computers, this has obviously proved
effective.

The diminishing legions of loyal Macintosh users can attest to the fact that
there is no real second place in Bill Gates's world. Once so many people move to
one protected standard, the need for compatibility helps ensure that such a
standard is self-perpetuating.

The Internet represents one of Gates's few big mistakes. He miscalculated the
strength of the Net when he planned to herd consumers into the Microsoft
Network, to which access would be controlled by Microsoft. The riotous anarchy
of the Internet ran right over him.

Much of it was due to the instant popularity of Netscape's Navigator. By 1996,
Gates had changed course and was trying to catch up quickly.

The way he did so was to give Microsoft's own Internet browser away free. Not
only that, Microsoft started requiring computer assemblers to install Internet
Explorer along with the Windows 95 program. The concept, called bundling, is
designed to dampen the consumers' enthusiasm for going out and installing
another company's browser even if it has better features.

The US Justice Department considered this significant enough to launch the first
big test of anti-trust law in cyberspace. The department argues that Microsoft's
bundling practice breaches a 1994 consent agreement that Microsoft not use its
monopoly in operating systems to unfairly boost another of its products - in
this case, the browser.

Microsoft argues vehemently that Internet Explorer is now part of its operating
system and cannot be regarded separately. This was one reason for Judge Thomas's
little experiment in court last month.

But when the judge ruled that Microsoft stop - at least temporarily - bundling
the browser with its Windows 95 program, the company managed to interpret this
to mean it should also banish some shared files that include program code
essential to other

operations, resulting in a spate of technical problems.

Microsoft had already announced that Windows 98 - scheduled for release in May -
would include the browser as an integral part of the software. Then it may truly
be impossible to separate the browser. That's why Jackson's ruling will be so
closely watched. If Jackson rules that Microsoft must offer a fully functioning
Windows 95 without the browser, then the company may well be forced to develop a
version of Windows 98 that excludes the browser.

This is a particularly vicious commercial battle because the result of the case
will have a huge impact on the idea that the free market can look after itself
in the ever-expanding information technology sector.

Microsoft insists that the speed with which technology now changes means its
market share cannot be judged on old industry standards. New competition can
materialise almost overnight, as did Netscape.

But as Netscape's financial results demonstrate, little changes have snowballing
impact. Since Microsoft started its assault on the browser market, its share has
climbed to about 40 per cent as of November while Netscape's has fallen
steadily. Not that the war is over. Netscape still has about 57 per cent of the
market and Internet Explorer's growth has been arrested, temporarily at least,
by the judge's ban on bundling.

Even so, the commercial outlook for Netscape has taken a downturn, particularly
after the damage done to consumer confidence by this week's quarterly figures.
Netscape may well start giving away its own browser. The company had been
prepared for declining revenue from the browser, but no-one had anticipated
quite such a rapid fall.

Netscape will formally announce its results on January 27 - probably losing
about $US115 million for the year after allowing for the costs of acquisitions
as Netscape tries to reinvent itself as a company providing Web-based software
for corporate, rather than individual, use. It now concentrates on designing
software for businesses that want to communicate and conduct commerce on the
Internet. That includes managing e-mail systems and setting up corporate
intranets and would - naturally - run on all the different operating systems, no
matter who manufactures them. Netscape argues that this will allow for different
needs within a company and among its customers. It remains a tough market:
Netscape will now compete directly with the well-entrenched IBM as well as with
Microsoft.

But Netscape cannot pin all the blame for its problems on the demon Gates.
Despite its astounding growth, some analysts had questioned its future path for
much of the past year.

Andreessen was never going to be a new version of Gates, if only because he
showed little interest in actually running the company or even parts of it. His
title was vice-president of technology. Another formidable manager, Jim
Barksdale, was selected as chief executive after running the successful Federal
Express and a cellular phone company.

Andreessen preferred to spin around Netscape like a "free floating electron", as
he put it, coming up with ideas and the energy to develop new products as fast
as possible - even if it meant they still had some flaws.

That may not be good enough for corporate clients. Netscape spends a lot of
money on research and development, for a company of its size, but its commitment
remains small change to Microsoft.

In an interview with an information technology magazine last year, in better
times, Andreessen conceded the obvious.

"Our inhibitor to growth isn't Microsoft, but our own ability to execute," he
said. "Can we hire enough people and manage everything well enough to keep up?
Those are the type of questions that keep us up nights."

Now it will keep Wall Street analysts and Netscape's shareholders up at night,
too.

The item is empty.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: INTERNET BROWSER MARKET SHARE Two Illus: Bill Gates Mark
Andreessen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1998 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              642 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Cassadaga Wind
LLC, has submitted (14-F-0490) 14048_PSS_Figure 1_Regional Project Location

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document:





 Ne w Yo rr kk

 P e n n ss yy ll vv a n ii a

 Buffalo

 Eden

 Corry

 Cattaraugus

 Gowanda

 Little

 Valley

 Randolph

 Salamanca

 Brocton

 Celoron

 Dunkirk

 Falconer

 Fredonia

 Jamestown

 Mayville

 Ripley

 Silver

 Creek

 Westfield

 Angola

 Angola on

 the Lake

 Billington

 Heights

 Blasdell

 East

 Aurora

 Elma Center

 Hamburg

 Lackawanna

 Lake

 Erie

 Beach

 North

 Boston

 North

 Collins

 Orchard

 Park

 Springville

 Warren

 Warren

 South

 Youngsville

 Jamestown Frewsburg

 West

 Lakewood

 Bradford

 Lake

 Erie

 &pound;&curren;6

 &pound;&curren;219

 &pound;&curren;62

 &pound;&curren;20

 &sect;&uml;&brvbar;86

 &sect;&uml;&brvbar;90

 &sect;&uml;&brvbar;90

 Cattaraugus

 County

 Chautauqua

 County

 Erie

 County

 Copyright:&copy; 2014 Esri

 www.edrdpc.com

 &mu;



 Cassadaga Wind Project

 Towns of Charlotte, Cherry Creek, Arkwright, and Stockton

 Chautauqua County, New York

 Figure 1: Regional Project Location

 Notes: 1. Basemap: ESRI ArcGIS Online "World Shaded Releif" Map Service and
ESRI StreetMap North America, 2008.

 2. This is a color graphic. Reproduction in grayscale may misrepresent the
data.

 0 2 4 8

 Miles

 September 2015

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              643 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

LENGTH: 490 words


OKLAHOMA STATE'S SMART HEADED TO NBA: Oklahoma State star Marcus Smart declared
for the NBA draft Monday. The Cowboys guard, who averaged 17.8 points and 5.7
rebounds this season, had a controversial season which included a suspension for
shoving a Texas Tech fan during a game.

"I believe I made the right decision," Smart said. "I get to do what I love to
do."

MANHATTAN TO RETAIN COACH MASIELLO: Manhattan men's basketball coach Steve
Masiello will be retained and reinstated once he completes his undergraduate
degree at Kentucky, the school announced Monday. Masiello came under fire for
falsely claiming he graduated from Kentucky on his resume when he accepted a
deal to become South Florida's new coach last month.

Manhattan claims Masiello "executed poor judgment but did not intentionally
misrepresent himself."

WOLVES F CUNNINGHAM SENT THREATENING TEXTS, POLICE SAY: Minnesota Timberwolves
forward Dante Cunningham was arrested for a second time in three days because he
sent threatening messages to a woman he was living with that "rose to a
terroristic level," police said Monday.

Authorities in Medina, Minn., released the details one day after Cunningham was
jailed for another alleged incident with the woman he had been living with for
the previous eight months. Cunningham had already been charged with felony
domestic assault for allegedly choking the woman last week.

CLEVELAND STARS IRVING, GORDON TRADE INSULTS: Cleveland Cavaliers All-Star guard
Kyrie Irving and Cleveland Browns wide receiver Josh Gordon spent the past few
days in a media spat, exchanging barbs across TV, Twitter and newspaper.

Gordon, who led the NFL with yards receiving last season, fired the first verbal
volley last week when he went on ESPN's "First Take" and discussed Irving's
problems this season with teammate Dion Waiters.

"I talked about it with Dion," Gordon said. "He's my neighbor in my building so
we hang out all the time. I'm aware of the rift in the locker room. That's just
alpha males and supreme athletes trying to share the spotlight."

Irving didn't waste any time in shooting back, telling the Akron Beacon Journal,
"Guys like Josh Gordon need to stay in his sport and mind his own business. Does
he still play for the Browns? I'll continue to root for the Browns, but in terms
of this stuff here, what goes on in this locker room, he needs to stay out of
it."

'SELFIES' BANNED AT WHITE HOUSE, OLYMPIANS SAY: Some of America's Olympic
athletes say they were asked to keep their cellphones in their pockets last week
when they visited the White House and met with President Barack Obama.

The request came after the selfie Boston Red Sox slugger David Ortiz took with
the president during his team's visit to the White House. Many criticized it as
a marketing ploy after Samsung, the maker of the phone Ortiz used, used the
picture in an advertisement. Ortiz denied taking the picture with the knowledge
it would be part of a promotion.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              644 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                               February 18, 1994

Lubavitch Faith Returns to Russia

BYLINE: By Adam Tanner

SECTION: No. 403

LENGTH: 987 words


ROSTOV ON DON, Southern Russia - Can eight English-speaking 20-year-olds sent
from Brooklyn, New York, rekindle ancient traditions of Jewish worship here?

That's what the Lubavitch Hasidim, a fundamentalist Jewish sect, is hoping to
achieve by sending the eager lads to southern Russia's largest city, which is
most famous for its high crime.

"There are no religious rabbis here for them, so they have to turn to foreigners
to really do things right," said Levi Feigenson, who, like other Hasidic males,
is bearded and wears a black hat and dark suit when outside.

The irony is that Feigenson and other foreign volunteers are teaching Russian
Jews Hasidic traditions that were born in Russia and the Ukraine in the 18th
century. Communism and the Holocaust all but extinguished them.

For many liberal Jews, however, the Lubavitchers represent a curious anachronism
which misrepresents itself as the true Judaism.

"You don't need to be Hasidic to be a Jew," said Menachem Leibovich, Russia
director for the World Union for Progressive Judaism, a Jerusalem-based
organization.

Added Sergei Gusev, another official of the same group: "Their option is a
certain kind of slavery; you cannot decide for yourself how you should behave."

The stakes for Jewish hearts and minds are significant, for all but 20-25,000 of
an estimated 800,000 Russian citizens who call themselves Jews are not
religious, according to Alexander Libin-Levav, an immigration officer at the
Israeli Embassy.

The Lubavitch, led by the 92-year-old Rabbi Menachem Schneerson in Crown
Heights, Brooklyn, has become the most visible of the many Hasidic sects.
Supported by generous donors, they have spent millions of dollars to bring over
100 volunteers to Russia, according to Yosef Cunin, 22, a Lubavitch rabbi in
Moscow from Los Angeles.

Among the Lubavitch lures for Russian Jews are free banquets and religious
books, followed by explanations of the faith.

"What attracted me at first was the Pepsi and food at the table," saidDavid
Shvedik, a Rostov native who started following the Hasidic lifestyle four years
ago. "These people showed me what the Jewish religion is, and I began to
believe."

Like a hirsute version of eager Mormon missionaries, the Lubavitch also rely
mostly on intelligent and engaging young men to spread their message, although,
unlike Mormons, they seek out only Jews by birth.

"It takes a lot of energy to understand the people and to listen," Cunin said
when asked about the youth of the sect's representatives in Russia.

In addition to running 15 synagogues in Russia, the Lubavitch Hasidim are
setting up educational programs, including a yeshiva, or Orthodox school, in
Rostov, run by the eight students trained in a Brooklyn yeshiva. So far, they
have yet to attract any full-time local students.

Many Lubavitchers whose movement started in the Russian village of Lubavitch in
the 18th century are hoping that both the synagogues and schools will help
foster a revival of orthodox Jewish religion.

Yet others say that a higher force will prevent the rebirth of the old shtetls,
or small Jewish village, full of Hasidic Jews.

"I don't predict a big spread of Hasidism because people are already leaving for
Israel, and because we believe the arrival of the messiah is imminent," said
Rostov's Lubavitch rabbi, Elyashiv Kaploun.

When or if the messiah does come, Lubavitchers plan to move to Israel, including
their Ukrainian-born leader Schneerson, who has never set foot in the country.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1994 Independent Press

                              645 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 4, 2017 Wednesday

United States Tax court"s order in the case of RITCHIE N. STEVENS & JULIE A.
KEEN STEVENS, ET AL., vs COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Tax Court has issued the following order:



 UNITED STATES TAX COURT WASHINGTON, DC 20217 DRC RITCHIE N. STEVENS & JULIE A.
KEEN STEVENS, ET AL., Petitioners, v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE,
Respondent ) ) ) ) ) ) Docket No. 29815-13, 9539-15. ) ) ORDER These cases are
calendared for trial at the February 13, 2017, Las Vegas, Nevada Trial Session
of the Court.

On December 30, 2016, petitioners filed a (1) Motion to Vacate; (2) Motion to
Strike; and (3) Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Jurisdiction. Petitioners' motions
to vacate and to strike misrepresent the record in that the prior motion of
respondent denied in June 2015 was a motion to compel production of documents
and not a motion to compel answers to interrogatories. If petitioners are
claiming any losses attributable to the entity inquired about in the
interrogatories, petitioners must answer as ordered by the Court. Otherwise they
will not be allowed to introduce evidence related to that entity. Petitioners'
motion to dismiss for lack ofjurisdiction erroneously asserts that the notice of
deficiency is invalid if no substitute for return was prepared as the basis for
the notice. That assertion is incorrect as a matter of law. Upon due
consideration and for cause, it is hereby ORDERED that petitioners' motion to
vacate is denied. It is further ORDERED that petitioners' motion to strike is
denied. It is further ORDERED that petitioners' motion to dismiss for lack
ofjurisdiction is denied. (Signed) Mary Ann Cohen Judge Dated: Washington, D.C.
January 3, 2017 SERVEDJan042017



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              646 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 4, 2017 Wednesday

United States Tax court"s order in the case of RITCHIE N. STEVENS & JULIE A.
KEEN STEVENS, ET AL., vs COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Tax Court has issued the following order:



 UNITED STATES TAX COURT WASHINGTON, DC 20217 DRC RITCHIE N. STEVENS & JULIE A.
KEEN STEVENS, ET AL., Petitioners, v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE,
Respondent ) ) ) ) ) ) Docket No. 29815-13, 9539-15. ) ) ORDER These cases are
calendared for trial at the February 13, 2017, Las Vegas, Nevada Trial Session
of the Court.

On December 30, 2016, petitioners filed a (1) Motion to Vacate; (2) Motion to
Strike; and (3) Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Jurisdiction. Petitioners' motions
to vacate and to strike misrepresent the record in that the prior motion of
respondent denied in June 2015 was a motion to compel production of documents
and not a motion to compel answers to interrogatories. If petitioners are
claiming any losses attributable to the entity inquired about in the
interrogatories, petitioners must answer as ordered by the Court. Otherwise they
will not be allowed to introduce evidence related to that entity. Petitioners'
motion to dismiss for lack ofjurisdiction erroneously asserts that the notice of
deficiency is invalid if no substitute for return was prepared as the basis for
the notice. That assertion is incorrect as a matter of law. Upon due
consideration and for cause, it is hereby ORDERED that petitioners' motion to
vacate is denied. It is further ORDERED that petitioners' motion to strike is
denied. It is further ORDERED that petitioners' motion to dismiss for lack
ofjurisdiction is denied. (Signed) Mary Ann Cohen Judge Dated: Washington, D.C.
January 3, 2017 SERVEDJan042017



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              647 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           October 16, 2004 Saturday

Report says it all

SECTION: READER'S LETTERS

LENGTH: 848 words


I WILL ABSOLUTELY vote no on Measure Q because the supporters of this measure,
funded by the Marina Shores developers, consistently present arguments that are
not substantiated or misrepresent the facts. There are many distortions about
housing, environmental effects and parks being mailed to my house to cover the
fact that this project has 27 irreconcilable environmental impacts. I've read
the environmental impact report [EIR].

Redwood City has a freshwater deficit, and we are 10 percent over our allotment
from Hetch Hetchey.

I am in favor of progress and growth, but I do not believe in inviting people
into your home if you can't take care of them. Other cities are allowing us to
use their water, but will they be willing to continue to do that when the
inevitable drought comes?

I have become particularly dismayed by attempts to ram this project down Redwood
City residents' throats because [1] there were other alternatives proposed in
the EIR and [2] this project eliminates future flexibility to allow other
projects for Redwood City. Why are we giving our city to the developers,
Glenborough Pauls? Think it through, vote no on Q.

Cynthia McLaughlin

Redwood City

Misleading

REPUBLICAN ASSEMBLY CANDIDATE Steve Poizner claims in recent literature that
Democrat Ira Ruskin "is misleading voters" about Poizner's abortion stance. But
the facts are clear. Public records, available online at www.opensecrets.org,
show that Poizner contributed $2,000 [the maximum amount allowed] to President
Bush's re-election campaign last year. Bush is well-known as an opponent of a
woman's right to choose and, if he wins another term, may be able to appoint
Supreme Court justices who will overturn the Roe v. Wade decision. If Poizner is
truly as pro-choice as he claims, why is he willing to return an anti-choice,
anti-woman president to office?

David O'Brien

Redwood City

Some of the facts

STATE ASSEMBLY CANDIDATE Steve Poizner has spent a lot of money to tell voters
what they want to hear. If one wishes to know his true sentiments, consider the
fact that, as reported by The Times, Poizner contributed the maximum amount
allowed by law to the Bush campaign.

Christopher Fiorillo

Menlo Park

Kerry's the one

OUR COUNTRY AND the world desperately need John Kerry's leadership because of
his intelligent grasp of the facts and reality, his commitment to truth, justice
and action, and his wisdom, world view and statesmanship!

Kathleen Almgren

San Diego

And the winner is...

ACCORDING TO THE Rasmussen Report, www.rasmussenreports.com, President Bush is
leading Kerry by 291 to 194 Electoral College votes, and the president is
widening his lead. In the survey, there are 53 toss-up electoral votes.

In the report, President Bush leads with 240 to Kerry's 169. The report calls 11
states toss-ups. But if you look closer, President Bush leads in five of these
states. Kerry leads in just two of them, and four states are tied. If you count
these toss-up states, Bush has 291 electoral votes to Kerry's 194. There are 53
toss-up electoral votes. If you give Kerry all the toss-up electoral votes, he
would only have 247 electoral votes. This means that it is very unlikely Kerry
will win. Furthermore, President Bush gained electoral votes after the debates.
The latest CNN survey reports is slightly different.

According to the latest CNN survey, President Bush leads with 301 electoral
votes. Kerry has 237. As you know, the presidential election is determined by
Electoral College votes. You can view the data at
www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/09/30/electoral.map/index.html

Leo Tanner

Mountain View

Fine fiscal mess

TO DATE, the Bush campaign has been criticizing Kerry about the funding of his
fiscal policies. The various news and talking media are discussing it.
Therefore, it is safe to deduct that Kerry has a plan.

Not once have I heard a question to Bush and his campaign as to how he is
funding his proposed programs. We hear about tax cuts, funding for research,
increase in defense spending and much more.

Where is all this money coming from? How are the Republicans going to pay for
the increased costs of the war? How are they going to pay for increased homeland
security? How are they going to pay for Medicare benefits? How are they going to
pay for the 101 other things that they are proposing?

Is Bush just going to increase the national debt or does he have a plan? I and
the American people need Bush to give us an explanation. We need someone to ask
this very important question. This should be a question addressed by all news
media and asked of each Republican. We need answers.

Monica Rami

Burlingame

Write to us

WE INVITE READERS to share their views. All letters are subject to editing for
length and content. Letters should be no longer than 250 words and submitted
with the writer's name, address and daytime contact phone number.

E-mail: istewart@sanmateocountytimes.com.

Fax: 348-4446.

Snail mail: Letters to the editor, San Mateo County Times, 1080 S. Amphlett
Blvd., San Mateo 94402.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers

                              648 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 30, 2009 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Social workers tied to purchase of fake degrees;
Fallout continues from diploma mill

BYLINE: John Stucke Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 277 words


A social worker and two counselors in the Puget Sound area have been accused of
buying fake degrees from a Spokane diploma mill.

State health officials said Michael Strub, a licensed social worker, bought a
doctorate  in psychology  and transcript in March 2004. The materials came from
"Hamilton University," an online diploma mill.

Strub worked at Cornerstone Counseling Services in Puyallup, where Washington
state Health Department investigators say he used his fake diploma to
misrepresent his education and training to clients and insurance companies.

David Larson, a registered counselor and chemical dependency professional, is
accused of buying a doctorate in psychology  in October 2002 from "St. Regis
University." Larson worked at Crossroads Treatment Centers in Tacoma and
Parkland, and then went to Civigenics in Tacoma before retiring in October 2006.
Agency and staff had referred to him as "Dr. Larson."

Taylor Danard, a registered counselor, alledgedly bought a bogus doctorate in
psychology  from "St. Regis" in January 2003. She referred to herself as a Ph.D.
in her practice at Madison Park Counseling Center in Seattle.

Investigators also accuse her of providing health department investigators with
false information.

The three have 20 days to respond to the charges.

They are listed on a database, published online by The Spokesman-Review last
year, of people who bought bogus degrees from a Spokane-based operation that
netted millions of dollars by selling more than 10,000 college degrees and high
school diplomas worldwide.

The diploma mill was engineered by Dixie Ellen Randock, who has been sentenced
to three years in federal prison.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              649 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: JIM LEAGAN, PATRICK V. SENNETT, LOUIS MELENDEZ, CLARE MILLIANS, ANDREW
LEWIS, STEPHEN P. CARL; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 856 words


Gun control: Responses to "Crime will feed off lax U.S. gun laws," Editorial,
Aug. 7

Rhetoric masks facts on crime rates

Once again, the liberal members of the AJC editorial board focus on their
interpretation of events. Blaming the crime rate in New York and other
gun-restrictive cities, such as Washington, D.C., on legal gun laws in other
areas is the anti-gun lobby's stock argument. They never suggest that the
super-strict banning of weapons in these cities leads to higher crime rates in
these cities.

Criminals will always find ways to accumulate weapons. It is only when the
Second Amendment right to bear arms is available to the general population that
the criminals are afraid of the general populace.

Every state that has passed right-to-carry legislation has seen a decrease in
criminal carry and crime rates. Every city/state that has passed more
restrictive weapons laws has seen crime rates explode. When will the AJC
editorial writers look at the facts and not the rhetoric?

JIM LEAGAN, Marietta

Store's lawsuit sends message to Bloomberg

The editorial misrepresents the efforts of legitimate and honest gun dealers
here in Georgia. It fails to mention that one of the local dealers has filed his
own lawsuit aimed at New York and its billionaire mayor, Michael Bloomberg, for
slander as well as violations of federal law as a result of these attacks.

My own dealings with Georgia gun dealers, in shops and at gun shows, over the
past 30 years has shown them all to be in strict compliance with the law as well
as sensitive to the needs of their customers. The firearms industry is one of
the most regulated business activities in the nation. The idea that dealers
would jeopardize their businesses and freedom for a single "straw purchase" is
laughable.

Frequently, the perceptions of the community, formed by bold headlines and few
facts, lead to sentiments that polarize opinion while seeking to disarm honest
citizens.

I believe that the lawsuit brought by Smryna gun store Adventure Outdoors
against Bloomberg is an exceptional display of control over the outrage of the
mayor's illegal raids. I sincerely hope that the courts agree.

PATRICK V. SENNETT, Peachtree City

Doctor's mistake: Responses to "Doctor apologizes, tells patient to sue," Metro,
Aug. 3

Decision admired

I have been a patient of radiation oncologist Dr. Frederick Schwaibold for more
than two years for the treatment of prostate cancer. I can honestly say that I
find him to be most dedicated, intellectually optimistic, compassionate and
accommodating, and a great listener to patients and their families.

I can only understand the pain he must be enduring in dealing with the mistake
he made in treating a patient; the position he took in accepting responsibility
and not finger-pointing is admirable. The position he took is not surprising.

LOUIS MELENDEZ, Peachtree City

Appreciation stands

Two and half years ago, my husband and I had the good fortune to have Dr.
Frederick Schwaibold as my husband's radiation oncologist. Schwaibold's
admission of guilt, repeated apologies and suggestion to the patient that she
sue him is unheard of, not only in the medical profession, but in any
profession.

Although regrettable, everyone makes mistakes, and it takes a special person to
admit one.

I hope that Dr. Schwaibold knows that there are legions of patients who
appreciate having him as their physician.

CLARE MILLIANS, Atlanta

Achieve Academy recognized for gains

Jim Wooten is correct ("Let school bell ring at Achieve, too," @issue, Aug. 8):
"When parents flee schools such as Achieve because it's not serving their
children's needs, it should be closed. Not before."

In the 2004-2005 school year, Achieve Academy was recognized by the Governor's
Office of Student Achievement as a bronze award winner for greatest gain in
students meeting and exceeding standards. The charter school accomplished this
in its second year.

Khaatim El, an Atlanta school board member who voted in favor of keeping Achieve
Academy open, said of Achieve: "They have moved kids who were extremely
underperforming and moved them forward."

Are we moving forward when parents are prevented from finding the best
educational setting for their children?

ANDREW LEWIS

Lewis, of Decatur, is director of development and communications for the Georgia
Charter Schools Association.

Tax cuts: Watch behind-the-scene maneuvers

I lived in Marietta from 1970-1997 and in northern Virginia from 1997-2002
during the period of Republican Gov. James Gilmore and his pledge to abolish the
hated car tax ("House GOP targets tag tax," Metro, Aug. 7). There is no
comparison between Georgia's car tax and Virginia's. Many people had a bill of
more than $1,000 a year in Virginia. It was excessively high.

Since moving to Texas, I have found that, on comparison, Georgia with its
current taxes is by far the fairest and the lowest of the three. Georgia and
Virginia have income tax, and Texas brags about no income tax. Yet Texas'
property tax is three times at least that of Georgia.

Lower tax pledges are purely and simply a politician's friend but very
short-sighted for the governed.

STEPHEN P. CARL, Irving, Texas

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: KEITH HADLEY / StaffJ.L. Alvarenga, corporate manager of
Adventure Outdoors in Smyrna, holds a .357 in the shop. Facing a lawsuit, the
store's owner responded with a suit aimed at New York and its mayor.
Photo: Zicuria Ussery, 12, may have to switch to another school if Achieve
Academy, a southeast Atlanta charter school, is forced to close its doors. The
school awaits a court hearing.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              650 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            January 29, 1999, Friday

Letter: Tarnished Globes

BYLINE: Christopher Pickard

SECTION: COMMENT; Page 2

LENGTH: 318 words


Sir: The Independent is to be congratulated on Andrew Gumbel's report on the
Golden Globes (26 January). The truth behind the Golden Globes is potentially as
big a scandal as the current Olympic inquest, and when it is finally embraced by
the media there are going to be a lot of red faces among those, including the US
media, studios and agents, who have chosen to misrepresent to the public exactly
what the Hollywood Foreign Press Association and the Golden Globes are all
about.

The vast majority of journalists in Los Angeles who cover the film and
television industries for the media outside the US are not members of the
Hollywood Foreign Press Association, nor are they welcome to be members.  Sadly,
many of the artists receiving their awards honestly believe - as do the majority
of the global television audience and the American public - that their work is
being honoured by all the foreign journalists based in Los Angeles.

The studios know the truth but are happy with the status quo, as the Globes is a
cheap marketing tool for films in release and the run-up to the Academy Awards
nominations on 9 February. The timing of the Globes is no coincidence and can
affect how the 5,000-plus members of the Academy vote on the Oscars and what the
public pay to see at their local cinemas in the coming weeks.

Given the money involved with all aspects of the Golden Globes the odds are that
most of the Hollywood crowd will stick their heads firmly in the ground and
ignore the obvious. It is going to be up to the media outside the US to expose
the Golden Globes as the exercise in smoke and mirrors it truly is.

If changes are not made very soon, the Golden Globes could damage the Hollywood
myth and even the Academy Awards themselves, both innocent bystanders in this
unnecessary deception.

CHRISTOPHER PICKARD

Editor

"Moving Pictures"

Los Angeles


LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd

                              651 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday

Four Ohio men convicted of defrauding 500 investors out of $10 million

LENGTH: 796  words


Four Ohio men were convicted for conspiring to defraud investors out of more
than $10 million by selling unregistered securities and making several
misrepresentations to investors about the product they purported to develop, law
enforcement officials said.

Kenneth Jackson, 59, of Glenmont; William Schureck, 81, of Lexington; Dennis
Deciancio, 73, of Macedonia, and Daryl Dane Donohue, 67, of Mansfield, were
convicted by a jury following a four-week trial. They are scheduled to be
sentenced on Sept. 1.

The men were convicted on counts including conspiracy to commit mail and wire
fraud, conspiracy to launder money, mail fraud, wire fraud, money laundering,
making false statements and other charges.

More than 500 people were scammed out of money by this group, said Acting U.S.
Attorney Carole S. Rendon. Retirements were stolen and dreams were destroyed by
their fraudulent conduct.

These four individuals conspired to misrepresent a product to their investors in
order to make a profit, said Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the
FBIs Cleveland office. The FBI will continue efforts to bring to justice those
that have duped investors out of their hard-earned money.

"These defendants built a house of cards laced with a web of financial lies.
Well, the underlying structure fell apart and exposed these individuals for who
they really are, thieves," said Kathy A. Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS
Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.  "Combining the financial
investigative expertise of the IRS with the skills and resources of the FBI, the
Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Attorney's Office makes a formidable
team for combating major, greed-driven crimes."

All four men were affiliated with Medical Safety Solutions, or MSS, a company
Jackson founded in 2007 which operated out of Mansfield and had a purported
research and development center at Jacksons home in Glenmont. Jackson held the
title of Director of Research and Development at MSS. Schureck co-founded the
company held the title of Chief Executive Officer at MSS. Deciancio co-founded
the company and attended trade shows on the companys behalf. Donohue was a
longtime associate of Jackson who communicated with shareholders of MSS and held
himself out as an FDA consultant hired by the company for the sole purpose of
obtaining Food and Drug Administration approval for the Sharps Terminator,
according to trial testimony.

The founders of MSS held the company out as an entity created to develop, market
and sell a hypodermic needle destruction device they called the Sharps
Terminator. The Sharps Terminator required premarket approval from the FDA
before it could be sold in the United States. Jackson and Schureck filed a
provisional application for a patent on the Sharps Terminator around April 2007
but did not file an actual patent application until September 2011. MSS filed a
premarket approval application for the Sharps Terminator in October 2012.
Between 2007 and May 2013, the defendants were engaged in the unregistered sale
of securities. They did this by seeking out individuals to buy private shares of
stock in MSS, but those shares were not registered with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, according to trial testimony.

They defrauded investors by inducing them to buy stock and making false and
fraudulent misrepresentations about MSS and the Sharps Terminator, including:
that MSS had submitted a premarket approval application when it had not; that
FDA approval of the Sharps Terminator was forthcoming or imminent when MSS had
not even initiated the approval process; that the FDA had approved the Sharps
Terminator when it had not; that the product was market ready that was ready for
mass production when it was not, and other misrepresentations, according to
trial testimony.

To make MSS appear functional and the Sharps Terminator market ready, the
defendants took current and prospective investors to MSSs R&D facility and
showed them parts, a small number of assembled Sharps Terminator units, and
large numbers of Sharps Terminator boxes, many of which were really empty,
according to the indictment.

More than 500 investors were defrauded as part of the scheme. They lost more
than $10 million between 2007 and 2013, according to trial testimony and court
documents.

Jackson and Schureck transferred the money to cover other expenses, and Jackson
gambled more than $3.3 million at Mountaineer Casino between 2009 and 2013,
according to the court documents.

This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rebecca Lutzko and
Adam Hollingsworth following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Internal Revenue ServiceCriminal Investigations and the Food
and Drug Administration. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              652 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Berkeley bank executive: I lied to hide losses

BYLINE: By Karina Ioffee Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 212 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A former bank executive from Berkeley has pleaded guilty to one
count of making false and misleading statements in an attempt to hide losses the
financial institution was undergoing, even as it accepted money from the federal
government, the Department of Justice announced Monday.

Craig On, 62, who served as the chief financial officer of United Commercial
Bank, pleaded guilty to engaging in conspiracy to deceive the bank's auditors by
manipulating the bank's books and records to misrepresent and conceal the bank's
true financial condition and performance, including an estimated $67 million in
losses, prosecutors said.

On was one of numerous employees at United Commercial Bank, headquartered in San
Francisco, who lied to the bank's accountants and withheld information from the
bank's auditors about potential losses from the sale of loans or "notes" held by
the bank, the DOJ said. The false information caused the bank to issue
materially false and misleading financial statements, painting an inaccurate
picture to investors.

Despite receiving $297 million from the Troubled Asset Relief Program in 2008,
the bank was ultimately taken over by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
in fall of 2009.

Contact Karina Ioffee at Twitter.com/kioffee

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              653 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Berkeley bank executive: I lied to hide losses

BYLINE: By Karina Ioffee Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 212 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A former bank executive from Berkeley has pleaded guilty to one
count of making false and misleading statements in an attempt to hide losses the
financial institution was undergoing, even as it accepted money from the federal
government, the Department of Justice announced Monday.

Craig On, 62, who served as the chief financial officer of United Commercial
Bank, pleaded guilty to engaging in conspiracy to deceive the bank's auditors by
manipulating the bank's books and records to misrepresent and conceal the bank's
true financial condition and performance, including an estimated $67 million in
losses, prosecutors said.

On was one of numerous employees at United Commercial Bank, headquartered in San
Francisco, who lied to the bank's accountants and withheld information from the
bank's auditors about potential losses from the sale of loans or "notes" held by
the bank, the DOJ said. The false information caused the bank to issue
materially false and misleading financial statements, painting an inaccurate
picture to investors.

Despite receiving $297 million from the Troubled Asset Relief Program in 2008,
the bank was ultimately taken over by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
in fall of 2009.

Contact Karina Ioffee at Twitter.com/kioffee

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              654 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 7, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

A Pioneer In Boat Design

SECTION: Section 8; Page 10, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 236 words


To the Sports Editor:

Although William N. Wallace has for many years faithfully reported on rowing, I
believe that his ''Rowing is Surging Forward'' (The Times, April 21)
misrepresents the current state of affairs in the boatbuilding industry. Vespol
USA builds competitive, technologically refined shells; however, other designers
and boatbuilders should be credited for many of the technological advances in
the industry.

In particular, Edward Van Dusen, founder and president of Composite Engineering
of Concord, Mass., is responsible for numerous important technical improvements
to shell design and construction. Innovations contributed by Composite
Engineering include heat-cured, vacuum-laminated hull materials, all-carbon
fiber (including aerodynamic wing riggers) and the first all-composite knee
braces and gunwale support systems.

For the 1988 Olympics, Composite Engineering designed and built at least nine
racing boats, two of which helped our athletes win gold medals. At the 1987
world championships and in the 1988 Olympics, Greg Barton paddled a Van Dusen
(Composite Engineering) kayak to consecutive gold medals; Barton and partner
Norm Bellingham also won a 1988 Olympic gold medal aboard a Van Dusen two-man
kayak. Credit should also be given to the Dreissegacker brothers, who designed
and now build the world standard oars for Concept II Inc. in Vermont.

CHARLES WRAY
Richmond

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company

                              655 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 16, 2008 Sunday

Embattled invention backer still operates

BYLINE: Kim Leonard

LENGTH: 867 words


Linda Farr said her invention idea is on hold, after she nearly paid
O'Hara-based Davison Associates Inc. $685 last month for product research.

Her husband suggested she look into the invention promotion company's background
first. She discovered Davison has been embroiled in an 11-year battle with the
Federal Trade Commission over the government agency's claims that it
misrepresents its services and rate of success in growing clients' ideas into
actual products for sale.

"I didn't know anything about the trouble they were in. I was going to send them
the money," said Farr, who has stopped dealing with the company.

Two years after a landmark U.S. District Court judgment in Pittsburgh ordering
Davison to repay $26 million to amateur inventors it represented since 1989, the
company remains in business and the case remains in the courts.

Davison made a revised settlement offer that awaits the FTC's approval,
according to recent legal filings.

John Mendenhall, regional director of the FTC's Cleveland office, said after
Davison appealed U.S. District Judge Gary L. Lancaster's March 17, 2006,
judgment, the matter was headed for arguments last year before the U.S. Third
Circuit Court of Appeals.

Then last summer, "The case was withdrawn mutually for purposes of settlement,
and that's where we are," Mendenhall said last week.

A message on the FTC's "Davison hot line" from July 12 states a tentative
settlement had been reached, with an approval process expected to take "several
weeks." Mendenhall said he couldn't provide details or explain why the case is
ongoing, eight months later.

Davison remains in business under court-imposed disclosure rules, Mendenhall
said. The FTC said last week it's received 87 consumer complaints since the
judgment date against Davison Associates or another name under which it
operated, Davison Design and Development.

Davison representatives, through spokeswoman Alicia Kopar, declined to comment
last week.

Farr said she sent sketches of her idea to Davison after getting an unsolicited
e-mail that said the company was looking for inventors who needed help
developing and marketing new products.

Marion, Ind., where she lives, has few resources for her to build a prototype
and try to sell her idea for a device that clips jewelry to clothing such as bra
straps. It's fashionable these days, she points out, for the straps to show
under tank tops.

A Davison representative told her the gadget could be marketed to Los
Angeles-based American Apparel, "which is huge," she said.

Two months after his initial decision, Lancaster put a hold on the $26 million
award while Davison went through the appeal process -- taking into account that
the company remained in business. Forcing company President George Davison and
other defendants in the case to turn over that amount could bankrupt the
company, he said.

Davison typically charged inventors $8,000 to $14,000 for invention promotion
services, and Lancaster ordered the company to specify in disclosure statements
sent to potential clients that the percentage of its income derived from actual
product licenses is 0.001 percent.

Davison's revenues from 1994 through 2005 totaled $89.3 million, according to
U.S. District Court testimony, and its profit during that time was more than $17
million.

Gaylene Goodroad of Indianapolis is glad she "paid attention to my gut feeling"
and avoided doing business with Davison. She submitted an idea in June for a
disposable band for soda cups that would absorb condensation.

"There was really heavy promotion, before I ever got the affirmative disclosure
statement," she said. She said she received phone calls and e-mails from a
Davison representative, saying the firm was very interested and could help her
market the product.

They scheduled a phone conversation. Then, "Before I got the call, I got a whole
bunch of stuff in the mail" including posters and a contract, she said.

She became suspicious after studying one of the posters, showing George Davison
surrounded by products. Looking closely, she said, several items looked alike.

Goodroad also didn't like the vague language in the paperwork. "You can read and
read these contracts and not discover what you are paying for," she said.

Timeline

July 15, 1997: Federal Trade Commission sues Davison Associates Inc. as part of
its "Project Mousetrap," targeting what the agency termed invention promotion
fraud.

March 17, 2006: U.S. District Court in Pittsburgh orders Davison to pay $26
million to the FTC for client reimbursements.

May 12, 2006: Judge Gary L. Lancaster rejects the company's move to cut the
judgment, but allows payment to be put off pending appeal.

June 5, 2006: Davison appeals to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit.

July 12, 2007: FTC announces a tentative settlement on its Davison hot line,
with approval expected in "several weeks."

Hot line help

The Federal Trade Commission has a hot line for inventors who may be eligible
for compensation from Davison Associates Inc.

Following the initial $26 million judgment, a settlement awaits approval that
would compensate Davison clients between 1989 and March 17, 2006. The hot line
number is 216-263-3434.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              656 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 29, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bishops haven't endorsed state conception amendment The Colorado Catholic
Conference, representing the clerics, commends the goal but says they have not
signed on.

BYLINE: Electa Draper The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 328 words


The Colorado Catholic Conference says it has not endorsed a Colorado ballot
measure that would grant personhood and constitutional rights from the moment of
conception.

The conference, which speaks for the state's three Catholic bishops, issued a
statement Thursday contradicting the petitioners - Colorado for Equal Rights -
which claimed Wednesday that the church's state leaders are on board.

Colorado for Equal Rights organizer Keith Mason had issued a statement listing
the anti-abortion group's prominent supporters.

Mason said that Pueblo Bishop Arthur Tafoya, Colorado Springs Bishop Michael
Sheridan and Denver Archbishop Charles Chaput had "personally expressed their
support."

Colorado Catholic Conference executive director Jennifer Kraska said the
statement "seriously misrepresents" the views of the Catholic bishops regarding
the personhood amendment.

Mason said that Tafoya told him he had signed the petition and "to keep up the
good work."

Tafoya has not signed the petition, Kraska said.

"We commend the goal of this effort to end abortion. Individual Catholics may
choose to work for its passage," Kraska said. "At the same time, we recognize
that other people committed to the sanctity of life have raised serious
questions about this specific amendment's timing and content."

Kraska said the Georgia Catholic archbishops did not support a similar bill
tabled by its state legislature.

The Georgia archbishops said the bill would not effectively challenge Roe vs.
Wade, the 1973 landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion.

"It's a political, gutless position," said Judie Brown, president of the
American Life League and a Catholic. "I can't believe that any bishop wouldn't
want to be out in the front lines helping the petitioners."

The majority of Colorado for Equal Rights' 1,000 volunteers, Mason said, are
Catholics.

The dioceses also have questions about Colorado for Equal Rights' structure,
financials, strategy and tactics, Kraska said.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              657 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Principal resigns over falsified resume;
Glenallen Elementary's top administrator faced abuse charges in Virginia.

BYLINE: By LIZ BABIARZ liz.babiarz@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 776 words


When Tim Romano applied for a job with Sarasota County schools, he told district
officials he had been a principal in Virginia Beach, Va., in 2000.

But Romano was actually a principal that year in Pulaski County, Va., where he
was accused of physically abusing a student. The charges eventually were
dismissed by a judge, but Romano resigned from his post.

Just days after Sarasota County school officials learned of this and other
discrepancies on his resume, Romano resigned as Glenallen Elementary School
principal on Monday.

The revelations about Romano's bogus resume underscore the potential pitfalls of
a hiring system that relies heavily on the word of applicants.

School district officials on Monday scrambled to explain how the misstep
occurred, and pledged to add more safeguards to the hiring process.

Sarasota County Schools Superintendent Gary Norris said he will forward the case
to the state for investigation.

"When you misrepresent yourself on a job application that undercuts and
undermines the whole basis for which we hire a person," Norris said. "This is
clearly a very serious, unprofessional practice."

Norris said the district may also add more steps to the hiring process to ensure
a job candidate is not omitting details or fabricating his or her work history.

In this case, it appears the district failed to verify the dates Romano said he
worked in Virginia Beach City, Va., Public Schools. If it had, Sarasota County
administrators would have learned that Romano stopped working in Virginia Beach
City in 1999 and moved on to Frederick County, Va., where he took a middle
school principal position. A year later, he changed to a school in Pulaski
County.

Like many school districts, Sarasota County requires references from an
applicant's previous employers, but it does not review personnel files that may
contain allegations and investigations.

The school district relies on the answers applicants provide to questions posed
on applications. Teachers are asked if they have ever been investigated or
fired, which is how Romano, who was hired in 2005 at Glenallen Elementary in
North Port, may have slipped through the cracks.

Sarasota County administrators conducted a criminal background check on Romano
and received good reviews from officials in the Collier, Pinellas and Virginia
Beach City school districts.

After his problems in Virginia, Romano moved to Florida in 2001. He first took a
job as a teacher in Pinellas County before moving on to an administrative
position in Collier County in 2003.

"He came with good references," said John Zoretich, the district's executive
director of elementary schools, who conducted the reference check on Romano.
"And there's no record of a conviction."

Only after receiving newspaper articles from the Sarasota Classified/Teachers
Association did district officials learn of Romano's background. Union president
Pat Gardner said an anonymous source at the school researched Romano and faxed
her the information, which she then sent to the school district.

While his resume said he worked as an administrator with Virginia Beach City
Public Schools from 1994 to 2001, newspaper articles tell of how Romano was
employed as principal of Robert E. Aylor Middle School in Frederick County, Va.,
from August 1999 to June 2000 before he was asked to resign abruptly under vague
circumstances.

In August 2000, Romano was named principal of Pulaski Middle School. Later that
year, he was charged with misdemeanor assault of a 12-year-old student and was
forced to resign.

During a November 2000 trial, the student testified Romano grabbed him and
pushed him after he acted up in the lunchroom, the Roanoke Times reported. A
judge dismissed the charge because he didn't believe there was "criminal
intent," the newspaper said.

School officials in Frederick and Pulaski counties did not return phone calls
seeking comment Monday.

Romano, who also did not return phone calls Monday, had a rocky tenure at
Glenallen.

Citing "personnel issues," the School Board decided not to roll over Romano's
contract last year and it would have expired in June. District officials would
not elaborate, but Gardner said the union received several complaints.

"I've had a lot of concerns in the last one and a half years from teachers,"
Gardner said.

Romano does have supporters in the Glenallen community. Parents and some
teachers rallied in support of Romano after the school district opted not to
renew his contract, with nearly 130 people sending a petition to the School
Board.

Assistant Principal Amy Baker has been appointed acting principal of Glenallen.

Staff writers Erin Bryce and Tiffany Lankes contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: BROKEN TRUST: A HERALD-TRIBUNE INVESTIGATION

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 A background check did not reveal discrepancies in the resume Tim Romano sent
to the Sarasota County School District.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              658 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 28, 2004 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Protests at a Convention

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; Editorial Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 96 words



To the Editor:

You write that the Republicans' convention plans include ''portraying protests
by even independent activists as Democratic-sanctioned displays of disrespect
for a sitting president'' (''Bush Promises Detailed Plans at Convention,'' front
page, Aug. 22).

In other words, Republicans plan not only to question the patriotism of people
practicing basic political rights but also to misrepresent the protesters'
motivation.

This is the ''moderate'' wing of the Republican Party you say will be on display
at the convention?

Scott Douglas
South Portland, Me., Aug. 22, 2004

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

                              659 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             March 9, 1973, Friday

SECTION: Page 41, Column 1

LENGTH: 65 words

NYS Atty Gen L J Lefkowitz starts ct action against coll operating out of small
cabin outside Denver, Colo, for selling 'Hon PhD degrees' to NYS residents for
$100; Atty Gen orders Milton K Ozaki and his Colorado State Christian Coll of
the Church of the Inner Power Inc to answer charges that coll misrepresents
itself as educ inst and misleads public into thinking its degrees are valid

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              660 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday

Sebelius wants ad pulled

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 981 words


By Chris Moon

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Gov. Kathleen Sebelius on Wednesday forcefully asked Kansas television stations
to quit airing a commercial critical of fellow Democrat Paul Morrison, saying it
misrepresents the governor's position on a three-year-old crime bill.

"Let me be clear - this ad is inaccurate regarding my record as governor and the
ad grossly misleads the citizens of Kansas," Sebelius said in a letter that was
faxed to 18 television stations in Kansas.

The advertisement was purchased by the Washington, D.C.-based Republican State
Leadership Committee and criticizes Morrison's support of legislation over the
years that altered the state's sentencing guidelines.

"Who do you trust to protect our families?" the advertisement asks, flashing
photos of Morrison, a candidate for attorney general, and Attorney General Phill
Kline, whom the commercial touts.

The ad says Morrison as Johnson County district attorney had made
recommendations that "jeopardize public safety." Meanwhile, Kline was the
leading proponent this year of Jessica's Law, which increased penalties for
child sex offenders, the ad noted.

"We need an attorney general who's tough on violent criminals," the ad says.

Kline's campaign backed the ad, saying it was accurate.

Attempts to reach representatives at the Republican State Leadership Committee
weren't successful.

Morrison, meanwhile, says the ad is misleading on nearly all counts. His
campaign also wrote a letter to television stations, asking for the
advertisement's removal.

But Sebelius honed in one portion of the spot that says, "Other Morrison
recommendations viewed to jeopardize public safety were even opposed by Gov.
Sebelius."

The reference was to Senate Bill 123, which was passed by the 2003 Legislature
to send more nonviolent drug offenders into treatment programs rather than
prison.

Morrison supported the legislation while a member of the Kansas Sentencing
Commission. The bill was designed to reduce the demands on the state's prison
system, but it was criticized by some lawmakers as a soft-on-crime approach.

Sebelius originally opposed a portion of the bill that would have made the law
retroactive and applied it to people already in prison.

That portion was stripped from the bill at the governor's request, and it passed
the Legislature. Sebelius signed the measure into law and, according to her
letter, has "continued to whole-heartedly support the measure."

"The Republican State Leadership Committee's ad is a distortion of the facts and
my record and intentionally misleads the citizens of Kansas," Sebelius said in
her letter, which was printed on her campaign letterhead. "I strongly urge that
as station manager you take the appropriate action to remove this false and
misleading ad from the air."

Her warning resonated.

Jean Turnbough, general manager at KSNT Channel 27 in Topeka, said the ad was
removed from the air while the station's attorneys reviewed the governor's
complaints.

But the station was keeping its options open.

"At this point, I have not cancelled the ad," Turnbough said shortly after 5
p.m. Wednesday, saying it was possible the station's attorney would give her
additional guidance that night. "We need to really take our time, be cautious."

Turnbough said because the advertisement was purchased by a third party in the
campaign, the station faced libel concerns.

Calls to other Topeka television stations weren't returned Wednesday.

Sherriene Jones, a spokeswoman for Kline, said the ad should remain on the air.

"She's wrong," Jones said of the governor. "She did oppose the original
recommendations by Paul Morrison and the sentencing commission."

She noted Sebelius opposed the retroactivity provision of the original bill.

It is the second such ad by a third-party group supportive of Kline that has
been targeted for removal by the Republican's opponents. In Kline's 2002 bid for
attorney general, the Law Enforcement Alliance of America tied Wichita murder
suspect Reginald Carr to a 2000 sentencing law supported by Kline's primary
opponent, Leawood Sen. David Adkins.

But Carr hadn't been put on trial at the time the commercial aired, and even
Kline called for the advertisement's removal.

Mark Simpson, campaign manager for Morrison, said the current ad is evidence
Kline is "desperate."

"He could not gain support from the people of Kansas, so he called in an
out-of-state group to attack his opponent," he said.

Jones said campaigns are forbidden from getting involved with groups making
"independent expenditures" during campaigns.

"The attorney general has absolutely nothing to do with those ads," she said.
"That would be illegal."

Aside from the contested 2003 law, the ad focuses on a set of 1998
recommendations by the Kansas Sentencing Commission - also backed by Morrison -
that asked the Legislature to make the state's sentencing guidelines more
consistent.

The proposal, which resulted in Senate Bill 149, reduced by 20 percent sentences
for severity Level 1 and II crimes, such as kidnapping, rape, attempted murder
and second-degree murder.

The commission reasoned those sentences had become disproportionately high over
the years compared to the sentences of more serious "off-grid" crimes, such as
capital murder, first-degree murder and intentional second-degree murder.

Meanwhile, the sentencing commission proposed increasing penalties for severity
Level III crimes, which were considered too low. Those crimes include aggravated
robbery, aggravated battery and voluntary manslaughter.

The commission also recommended a burglar be sent to prison after a second
conviction.

Morrison at the time told The Topeka Capital-Journal the number of times a
burglar can get probation "is an issue that has really stuck in people's craw."

SB 149 eventually passed the Legislature. Kline, a House member at the time,
voted against it.

Chris Moon can be reached at (785) 233-7470 or chris.moon@cjonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              661 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday

Sebelius wants ad pulled

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 981 words


By Chris Moon

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Gov. Kathleen Sebelius on Wednesday forcefully asked Kansas television stations
to quit airing a commercial critical of fellow Democrat Paul Morrison, saying it
misrepresents the governor's position on a three-year-old crime bill.

"Let me be clear - this ad is inaccurate regarding my record as governor and the
ad grossly misleads the citizens of Kansas," Sebelius said in a letter that was
faxed to 18 television stations in Kansas.

The advertisement was purchased by the Washington, D.C.-based Republican State
Leadership Committee and criticizes Morrison's support of legislation over the
years that altered the state's sentencing guidelines.

"Who do you trust to protect our families?" the advertisement asks, flashing
photos of Morrison, a candidate for attorney general, and Attorney General Phill
Kline, whom the commercial touts.

The ad says Morrison as Johnson County district attorney had made
recommendations that "jeopardize public safety." Meanwhile, Kline was the
leading proponent this year of Jessica's Law, which increased penalties for
child sex offenders, the ad noted.

"We need an attorney general who's tough on violent criminals," the ad says.

Kline's campaign backed the ad, saying it was accurate.

Attempts to reach representatives at the Republican State Leadership Committee
weren't successful.

Morrison, meanwhile, says the ad is misleading on nearly all counts. His
campaign also wrote a letter to television stations, asking for the
advertisement's removal.

But Sebelius honed in one portion of the spot that says, "Other Morrison
recommendations viewed to jeopardize public safety were even opposed by Gov.
Sebelius."

The reference was to Senate Bill 123, which was passed by the 2003 Legislature
to send more nonviolent drug offenders into treatment programs rather than
prison.

Morrison supported the legislation while a member of the Kansas Sentencing
Commission. The bill was designed to reduce the demands on the state's prison
system, but it was criticized by some lawmakers as a soft-on-crime approach.

Sebelius originally opposed a portion of the bill that would have made the law
retroactive and applied it to people already in prison.

That portion was stripped from the bill at the governor's request, and it passed
the Legislature. Sebelius signed the measure into law and, according to her
letter, has "continued to whole-heartedly support the measure."

"The Republican State Leadership Committee's ad is a distortion of the facts and
my record and intentionally misleads the citizens of Kansas," Sebelius said in
her letter, which was printed on her campaign letterhead. "I strongly urge that
as station manager you take the appropriate action to remove this false and
misleading ad from the air."

Her warning resonated.

Jean Turnbough, general manager at KSNT Channel 27 in Topeka, said the ad was
removed from the air while the station's attorneys reviewed the governor's
complaints.

But the station was keeping its options open.

"At this point, I have not cancelled the ad," Turnbough said shortly after 5
p.m. Wednesday, saying it was possible the station's attorney would give her
additional guidance that night. "We need to really take our time, be cautious."

Turnbough said because the advertisement was purchased by a third party in the
campaign, the station faced libel concerns.

Calls to other Topeka television stations weren't returned Wednesday.

Sherriene Jones, a spokeswoman for Kline, said the ad should remain on the air.

"She's wrong," Jones said of the governor. "She did oppose the original
recommendations by Paul Morrison and the sentencing commission."

She noted Sebelius opposed the retroactivity provision of the original bill.

It is the second such ad by a third-party group supportive of Kline that has
been targeted for removal by the Republican's opponents. In Kline's 2002 bid for
attorney general, the Law Enforcement Alliance of America tied Wichita murder
suspect Reginald Carr to a 2000 sentencing law supported by Kline's primary
opponent, Leawood Sen. David Adkins.

But Carr hadn't been put on trial at the time the commercial aired, and even
Kline called for the advertisement's removal.

Mark Simpson, campaign manager for Morrison, said the current ad is evidence
Kline is "desperate."

"He could not gain support from the people of Kansas, so he called in an
out-of-state group to attack his opponent," he said.

Jones said campaigns are forbidden from getting involved with groups making
"independent expenditures" during campaigns.

"The attorney general has absolutely nothing to do with those ads," she said.
"That would be illegal."

Aside from the contested 2003 law, the ad focuses on a set of 1998
recommendations by the Kansas Sentencing Commission - also backed by Morrison -
that asked the Legislature to make the state's sentencing guidelines more
consistent.

The proposal, which resulted in Senate Bill 149, reduced by 20 percent sentences
for severity Level 1 and II crimes, such as kidnapping, rape, attempted murder
and second-degree murder.

The commission reasoned those sentences had become disproportionately high over
the years compared to the sentences of more serious "off-grid" crimes, such as
capital murder, first-degree murder and intentional second-degree murder.

Meanwhile, the sentencing commission proposed increasing penalties for severity
Level III crimes, which were considered too low. Those crimes include aggravated
robbery, aggravated battery and voluntary manslaughter.

The commission also recommended a burglar be sent to prison after a second
conviction.

Morrison at the time told The Topeka Capital-Journal the number of times a
burglar can get probation "is an issue that has really stuck in people's craw."

SB 149 eventually passed the Legislature. Kline, a House member at the time,
voted against it.

Chris Moon can be reached at (785) 233-7470 or chris.moon@cjonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              662 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                          September 29, 2004 Wednesday

SECTION: SECTION ISSUES & INSIGHTS; LETTERS; NATIONAL EDITION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 425 words


King Of Rhetoric

I expect more out of IBD. Allowing Ed Kilgore (of the Democratic Leadership
Council) to appear on the editorial page of IBD is one thing (Counterpoint,
Sept. 22). It is another thing to allow him to misrepresent facts that have been
presented many times in your paper.

His claims about the shifting of taxes to the middle class, his glorification of
the Clinton administration's economic policies and his minimization of the
Reagan/Bush economic platforms are incorrect.

There is no doubt that the Reagan/Bush policies led to the expanded growth
realized in the '90s, and there is no doubt that the Clinton policies led to the
economic slowdown inherited by our president. There also is no doubt that our
current upward trend is a result of the policies of George Bush.

Editorials are fine as long as they're based in fact. Maybe we could send Ed
Kilgore to a "parallel universe" where facts aren't needed and political
rhetoric is king.

Jeff Schroder, Houston, Texas

Imperiled By Proliferation

That the Iranians are on their way to having nuclear weapons and launchers with
a range of 800 miles is scary enough (Editorial, Monday). But that doesn't
amount to a direct threat to the U.S.; Iran won't likely have intercontinental
capability for 10 years or so. Then again, the U.S. won't have a fully
functioning missile defense shield for 10 years or so, so we'd best get started
now.

What is of immediate concern is this: Iran and North Korea don't need missiles.

If Islamic terrorists can find suicide bombers willing to blow up a few thousand
people in the World Trade Center, a few dozen people on an Israeli bus or a few
people in the street, certainly they could find people willing to blow
themselves up to take out a city with a population of millions.

A nuclear bomb in an airliner would do the trick, as would a bomb in the hold of
a ship. Better yet, design the bomb as a sea-floor mine with a timer set for a
few days or weeks. The ship delivering the device could sail safely away, and
nobody would be the wiser.

I don't believe North Korea or Iran would launch a nuclear missile strike. Such
a strike would result in the total obliteration of the aggressor. But a suicide
strike would leave no evidence and no one to blame.

That's the road to nuclear blackmail, and that's why the Axis of Evil cannot be
allowed to develop and deploy the bomb.

The missile shield will provide some defense. Preventing proliferation, however,
is the only real defense.

Charles "Rich' Harper, Lancaster, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                                www.investors.com

                              663 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            September 8, 2003 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Justice deniedFind ways to represent poor clients

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 571  words


Collection agencies keep calling about debts even though theyve long been
repaid. An ex-husband files a notice that hes moving to another state and wants
to take the children with him. A car dealer misrepresents the condition of a
used car and then denies any responsibility. Too many Floridians are caught in
these traps every day. They know they arent being treated in accordance with the
law, or even inside the bounds of simple justice. But they dont see how they
will ever be able to afford an attorney or negotiate the legal system alone.
Under the U.S. Constitution, all Americans are entitled to equal protection
under the law. Over the years, its become clear that equal protection extends to
cover all races, genders, nationalities and ages. But with a few obvious
exceptions that presumption of equality doesnt cover all economic classes. Most
Americans know that criminal defendants are entitled to attorneys at public
expense, if they cant afford their own. That law was firmly settled 40 years
ago, when a Florida State Prison inmate named Clarence Earl Gideon took his
landmark case to the U.S. Supreme Court. Florida has a relatively sound
public-defender system, and goes further than other states in providing legal
services in other areas. But its not far enough in a state where poverty is
deeply entrenched. Adding to the burden are Floridas generally weak consumer-
protection laws and underfunded enforcement agencies. People who care about the
plight of the poor are working to find ways to get help to people who
desperately need it. Floridas network of legal-aid providers covers the state,
but law restricts the kinds of cases they can take, and money restricts the
number of clients they can handle. Central Florida Legal Services, which covers
Volusia and Flagler counties, offers self-help brochures to people who dont
qualify or cant wait for an attorney. It also offers a reduced-cost program for
people who earn too much to pay for a private attorney. The Florida Bar
encourages attorneys to handle pro bono cases, and requires them to report the
hours they spend working for free. Yet resources still fall far short of the
need, and none of them is 100 percent reliable. Floridas leaders should look for
ways to do more, especially for people who are in court because of circumstances
outside their control. State courts in Maryland and Washington state are now
considering the question of whether there should be a civil Gideon that is,
representation for indigent litigants in civil court. That idea has never
surfaced in Florida, says Randall Berg of the Florida Justice Institute.
However, he and other lawyers fought in 1983 to require all attorneys to perform
pro bono work as a condition of their license. Its interesting to note that even
as the Florida Supreme Court turned that request down, it found no legal
argument against such a requirement. The pro-bono reporting requirement and the
rules that divert interest on trust accounts to legal services were born from
that initial attempt. There may be other ways to provide legal services to poor
Floridians. There will certainly be other attempts to curtail those same
services, leaving thousands of people with no way of defending themselves. For
these countless people, the best defense is a good offense. This states leaders
should find a way to ensure justice for the poor because that is the only way to
achieve justice for all.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation

                              664 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 22, 1988, Friday, City Edition

Judge: Tobacco companies 'devious,' misled smokers

SOURCE: New York Times; Associated Press

BYLINE: DONALD JANSON

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.



NEWARK, N.J. - A federal judge refused Thursday to dismiss a suit    against
three cigarette manufacturers, saying sufficient evidence had    already been
presented for a jury to reasonably conclude that the    companies had conspired
to misrepresent and conceal the dangers of    smoking.

     In a mid-trial ruling in federal district court, the judge, H. Lee
Sarokin, dismissed four allegations against the companies, including a
contention that they could have made a safer cigarette, for lack of    evidence.

 But he refused to dismiss four other allegations.

     Lawyers for the companies - the Liggett Group, Philip Morris and
Lorillard - had asked the judge to dismiss all charges after lawyers    for Rose
Cipollone, a Little Ferry, N.J., woman who died in 1984 at 58    after 40 years
of smoking cigarettes, finished presenting evidence.

     But Sarokin, in a sharply worded 33-page ruling, said a jury could
reasonably conclude that the companies engaged in a "devious"    industrywide
conspiracy to mislead smokers and potential smokers "in    callous, wanton,
willful and reckless disregard for the health of    consumers."

     "Defendants were confronted with a choice between the health and    lives
of the consumers and profits, and the jury could reasonably    conclude that the
industry chose profits," the judge, a non-smoker,    wrote in an opinion
rejecting a defense motion that all claims in the    case be dismissed.

     He said, for example, that the jury could reasonably conclude from    the
evidence presented so far that the Council for Tobacco Research,    which was
established by the tobacco industry in 1954 with the    announced purpose of
investigating whether smoking was safe, "was    nothing but a hoax created for
public relations purposes with no    intention of seeking the truth or
publishing it."

     "There has been overwhelming evidence presented to the jury, from    which
they could conclude that smoking causes lung cancer, that smoking    caused lung
cancer in Mrs. Cipollone and that lung cancer was the cause    of her eventual
death," he said. Sarokin, a highly respected jurist    who was appointed a
federal judge in 1979 by President Jimmy Carter,    has presided over many major
cases.

     Mrs. Cipollone's husband, Antonio, is suing the cigarette companies    for
damages. Sarokin said that the Cipollone estate would still be    allowed to
seek punitive damages.

     "If the jury accepts the plaintiff's version of the facts as to    the
conduct of the defendants," he said, "it is difficult to envision    a more
compelling case for an award of punitive damages."

     The jury was not made aware of the judge's ruling.



 Here's help for heavy smokers

   Some heavy smokers may find it difficult to adjust to the smoking    ban on
flights of two hours or less, said Dr. Donald Powell. He's    executive director
of the American Institute for Preventive Medicine,    which has worked with
hospitals and corporations to help people deal    with stress management,
including smoking problems.

     Powell suggested a few tips to battle the no-smoking pangs:         - Stay
away from alcohol because it increases the desire to    smoke. Also avoid coffee
or soft drinks containing caffeine.

      - Close the ashtrays near your seat to eliminate the smell of    tobacco
that is likely to linger.

      - Walk in the cabin when the smoking urge become acute.

      - Keep your mind and hands busy by reading, working a crossword    puzzle
or playing with a deck of cards.

      - When the urge peaks, take a deep breath, hold the air for 3    seconds
and slowly exhale.

      - Place a rubber band around the wrist of your smoking arm and    when the
urge hits "give yourself a little zap."



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company

                              665 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 28, 1986, Sunday, Final Edition

Ronald & the Mob

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X14; LETTERS

LENGTH: 1337 words


THROUGHOUT his review of my book, Dark Victory: Ronald Reagan, MCA and the Mob
(Book World, Nov. 16), Bruce Cook gave the illusion that I was guilty of
omitting important evidence from my story. However, all the facts Cook uses
against me in his review -- with the exception of those he misrepresents -- were
contained in my book.

For instance, Cook argues that Ronald Reagan, president of the Screen Actors
Guild, had engineered a blanket waiver for MCA in 1952, permitting Reagan's own
talent agency to engage in TV production, solely for the purpose of helping
actors get jobs. Cook conceals the fact that this argument was contained on pp.
101-103 and again in the transcript of Reagan's 1962 testimony before the
federal grand jury -- which I published in its entirety. In his defense of
Reagan and MCA, Cook also fails to add that the waiver was "exclusive" to MCA,
which is a key point in the book. If Reagan was so interested in helping actors
gain employment in 1952, why couldn't other talent agencies -- such as Famous
Artists, General Amusement Corporation, and William Morris Agency -- get a
blanket waiver until 10 years later?

Cook doesn't even bother to mention the discrepancies in Reagan's testimony --
which is the centerpiece of the book -- during which Reagan essentially had
amnesia, failing to recall the most important decisions he had made during his
six terms as SAG president. The government prosecutors in the case were so
convinced that Reagan was not being truthful, that they subpoenaed his federal
income tax returns as part of their continuing investigation into possible
payoffs and kickbacks Reagan was alleged to have received in return for the MCA
blanket waiver.

In the end, despite clear evidence that Reagan had benefited financially in the
wake of his concessions to MCA, which was indicted for federal antitrust
violations, the investigation was inconclusive. A proviso of the ultimate
settlement between the federal government and MCA stated that all criminal and
civil investigations of SAG, its indicted co-conspirator, would be dropped and
the record of the case sealed. From a wide variety of published and unpublished
sources, I documented how MCA helped Reagan build his personal wealth,
especially through the sale of his California properties. In his effort to
portray me as being irresponsible, Cook did not address any of this, except to
say that MCA had named Reagan as the host for its General Electric Theater.

I have received extremely favorable notices and reviews from The Los Angeles
Times, The Los Angeles Daily News, The L.A. Weekly, and The Hollywood Reporter,
in a city that understands the importance of this material and where my book has
been on the best-seller list.

Finally, although Cook claims that I had made "some errors of fact," he never
points out a single mistake in the book. I would like to know what these were. I
doubt that he can come up with anything to justify such a damning remark. Dan E.
Moldea Washington, D.C.


Bruce Cook replies:

Now, wait a minute. Just who is being misrepresented here?

I did not argue that Ronald Reagan engineered that blanket waiver for MCA solely
to help actors to get jobs. What I said was this: "When the SAG board met to
consider the blanket waiver, Reagan supported it strongly -- perhaps, giving
Moldea the benefit of the doubt, simply because MCA, his agency, wanted him to.
But there was a full board of 20 members present, only a few of them MCA
clients, and the motion passed unanimously." I then went on to suggest that the
full board voted for the blanket waiver for exactly the reason Moldea says I
attributed to Reagan: to help actors get jobs. It's true I didn't say that the
waiver was exclusive, but I did make it clear it had only been granted before on
an individual basis. But by the way, the waiver granted MCA by SAG remained
exclusive even after Reagan had left the board.

It's also true that I didn't give as much emphasis as some reviewers did to
Reagan's "amnesia" during his 1962 testimony before a federal grand jury
investigating MCA for alleged violations of antitrust and criminal laws. The
reason for this is partly personal. Having given a deposition in a lawsuit not
so long ago, I was inclined to be more sympathetic than others might be to
Ronald Reagan's inability to remember precise details from 10 years before.
Anyone who has been through such an ordeal knows that unless notes were kept, it
is very difficult to be specific on matters that happened years ago.

Again Moldea misrepresents what I wrote in my review of his book when he says,
"In his effort to portray me as being irresponsible, Cook did not address
[Reagan's dubious dealings with MCA] except to say that MCA had named Reagan as
the host for its GE Theater. What I said was: "This may have been, as Moldea
urges, simply a payback for services rendered. Certainly the fact that in the
last few years of the long-running GE Theater Reagan was given 25 percent
ownership of the show indicates some sort of special relationship with MCA."

Let me say that I do not think Dan E. Moldea showed himself as "irresponsible"
or that he omitted important evidence from Dark Victory. I believe he gathered
all the evidence available; the book is very thoroughly researched.
Nevertheless, all that he has amassed here simply does not prove his case
against Ronald Reagan. I agree with Robert Lowman, who reviewed the book for The
Los Angeles Daily News, a review I assigned as book editor of that newspaper and
one of those Moldea characterizes as "extremely favorable." Lowman summed up,
saying that although Moldea had raised "some interesting points," there was "no
smoking gun, and if there had been, it would have been front-page news."

And oh dear, those errors of fact. Again, what I actually said was, "they are
not serious enough to call into question the work as a whole." Perhaps I should
have said they are "too insignificant," for that is what they are. They have do
with movies, a subject I know something about. If I must detail some of them, I
suppose I must:

" P. 153: Without quibble, Moldea paraphrases an anonymous defender of Lew
Wasserman who says Wasserman "approved and protected" Dalton Trumbo when the
blacklisted screenwriter was hired to do the screenplay of Spartacus. Actually,
Trumbo was hired under the alias "Sam Jackson" by Kirk Douglas, whose company
produced the picture. Wasserman, the head of MCA-Universal, agreed to let
Trumbo's name appear on the screen only after Otto Preminger had boldly
proclaimed Trumbo as the credited screenwriter of Exodus.

" P. 269: Moldea characterizes Steven Spielberg's first film, The Sugarland
Express, as "highly acclaimed"; it was not a critical success. One of three
Universal "smashes" of 1974 he mentions, The Towering Inferno, was not a
Universal film but rather a co-production of Warner Brothers and 20th Century
Fox.

" P. 308: He cites The Blues Brothers as one of several disasters at the box
office, blaming its budget over-run, which sent its cost up to $ 30 million;
nevertheless, in spite of its high negative cost, The Blues Brothers did very
well at the box office.

" P. 311: In a list of "blockbusters," he numbers Out of Africa and Brazil. Does
he mean they were commercial hits? They were not. Brazil, in fact, was
intentionally buried by Universal.

I could probably come up with a few more of these, for they are the fruit of
only half-an-hour's shuffling through the text. But is it necessary? They really
are "not serious enough to call into question the work as a whole" -- even
insignificant. Is this the sort of thing Dan E. Moldea would want cluttering up
a review of his book?  hhh

Book World welcomes letters from its readers. Letters should be signed and must
include the writer's address and daytime telephone number. Because of space
limitations, those selected for publication are subject to abridgement. Address
letters to Book World, The Washington Post, Washington, D.C. 20071.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post

                              666 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday

Gun range official sues several Ransom residents over fliers

BYLINE: Erin L. Nissley, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


July 13--A New York man involved in a proposed gun range in Ransom Twp. has sued
several residents and a township supervisor, accusing them of circulating false
information about the range.

The lawsuit, filed last week in Lackawanna County Court, names township
Supervisor Joseph Esposito and four Ransom residents, Henry Rowinski, Kathy
Rowinski, Jeffrey Hosko and Joseph Pesta.

The lawsuit is asking for more than $100,000 in damages for commercial
disparagement and intentional interference with actual and prospective
contractual relations.

The lawsuit claims that defendants "intentionally misrepresent (the range's)
business plan" and "recklessly alleged that the operation of the shooting range
on the property would create a public nuisance."

Andy Massimilian, who represents Ransom Recreational Shooting Sports LLC,
submitted plans for the gun range June 21. The township has 90 days from the
submission date to decide whether to approve the plans, which call for about a
dozen different shooting ranges.

The lawsuit references several statements made by the five people named in the
suit, including that Mr. Esposito alleged that people using the range would be
firing at aircraft flying overhead.

Mr. Esposito could not be reached for comment Monday.

Also, the lawsuit references two fliers sent to Ransom Twp. residents earlier
this year. Both reference Manhattan Shooting Excursions as the owner of the
property, a claim the lawsuit said is false.

A flier allegedly sent by Mr. Pesta and Mr. Hosko claims Manhattan Shooting
Excursion offers "fast-paced events" in a "tactical scenario" using
military-style rifles that cater to bachelor parties.

On Monday, Mr. Pesta said he had not seen a copy of the lawsuit but called the
allegations against him "ridiculous."

"All the information was taken right off of (Manhattan Shooting Excursions')
website," Mr. Pesta said.

The second flier, signed by Mr. Rowinski and his sister-in-law Mrs. Rowinski,
directs residents to a website for Manhattan Shooting Excursions and announces
an informal meeting in April at the Township Building to form a committee to
find out more about plans for the range. The two also circulated a petition
opposing the range, the lawsuit states.

Contacted Monday, Mrs. Rowinski said she had not seen the lawsuit and had no
comment.

Contact the writer: enissley@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100713-YT-Gun-range-official-sues-several-Ransom-residents-over-fliers-2010071
3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune

                              667 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 24, 1990, Tuesday, City Edition

FundAmerica chief resigns amid charges

BYLINE: ALAN GOLDSTEIN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 605 words



The president of California-based FundAmerica Inc. stepped down late Sunday,
three days after he and the company were charged by Florida officials with
operating an illegal pyramid scheme.

    Meanwhile, Citicorp, which administered an accelerated mortgage-payment plan
for FundAmerica, said Monday it canceled its relationship with the buying club,
which promises rebates on purchases of consumer goods and services.

    Two other companies that provide services for FundAmerica, Maryland National
Bank and Best Products Co., said they are reviewing their relationships with the
buying club as a result of its legal troubles.

    FundAmerica sells $ 100 annual memberships in a discount-purchasing club
that offers members rebates on vacations, credit-card purchases, long-distance
telephone calls and other goods and services. The group says if members spend
enough, the rebates would build up to a healthy retirement nest egg.

    Last Thursday, FundAmerica was ordered to stop doing business in the state
by Florida Comptroller Gerald Lewis and Attorney General Bob Butterworth. They
alleged the company sells unregistered securities and misrepresents the
memberships, an unfair and deceptive trade practice.

    Robert T. Edwards, who was president and chief pitchman for FundAmerica,
resigned his post after a special meeting of the board of directors Sunday
night.

    "Bob Edwards is stunned by the events," said Ron C. Touchard, an executive
director with the group, speaking to more than 650 club members on a telephone
conference call from California.

    "The board offered its support, but he felt it was necessary to separate
himself from the company, from the board," Touchard said.

 Jon McKillip, another executive director, said on the telephone conference that
FundAmerica planned to fight Florida and others who had defamed the company with
legal action. He said FundAmerica would embark on a publicity campaign with
national newspaper advertisements to clear its name.

    No successor to Edwards was named. McKillip said a search would include
people inside and outside the company.

    Officials at FundAmerica headquarters in Irvine, Calif., and at the
company's public relations firm in Salt Lake City did not return telephone calls
Monday. Holland & Knight, FundAmerica's Tampa law firm, referred calls to the
Utah publicist.

    Edwards, 49, was released on $ 100,000 bond from the Orange County jail in
Orlando on Friday night. He had been escorted to Florida by Delaware state
police and charged with running a pyramid scheme and an illegal lottery.

    New York-based Citicorp backed out of the FundAmerica agreement because
FundAmerica made it seem like more than it was, said Bill Ahearn, a spokesman
for the bank-holding company.  Ahearn said the company's Citibank subsidiary
offered data processing on mortgages to FundAmerica members.

    Daniel Finney, a spokesman for Baltimore-based Maryland National, said no
formal decision has been made, but the bank is reconsidering its credit-card
arrangement in light of recent events.  FundAmerica members could get
Mastercards from Maryland National that paid percent rebates on all purchases.

    Best Products of Richmond, Va., also is reviewing its contract to provide
general merchandise with a 10-percent rebate.

    "They're charged with criminal allegations, so we're apt to be more cautious
with what we're involved in," said spokesman Ross Richardson.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company

                              668 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    SEPTEMBER 3, 2004 Friday CITY-D EDITION

Slots chairman again at center of controversy;
In sworn testimony, Francis P. Friel said he had completed
master's and bachelor's degrees. He earned neither.

BYLINE: John Sullivan INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS PHILADELPHIA & ITS SUBURBS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1006 words


Francis P. Friel, Gov. Rendell's choice to lead the state gambling board,
misrepresented his educational background during sworn testimony before a
Connecticut governmental agency in 2001, records show.

Friel told the Connecticut Division of Special Revenue during a hearing that he
had "completed a bachelor's degree" at Eastern College and "completed a master's
degree" at St. Joseph's University.

The registrar of Eastern University, a Christian school in St. Davids formerly
known as Eastern College, said that Friel had earned enough credits to graduate
but did not receive a degree. A spokesman at St. Joseph's University also said
there was no record indicating Friel earned a master's degree from the school.

Friel acknowledged last night that he had failed to earn a degree at either
university, but added that he had earned more than enough credits to do so.

"Certainly it's a problem," Friel said.

Friel said he has attended numerous schools over the years in an effort to
complete his degrees while working and raising a family. He said he is not sure
what he was thinking during his testimony, other than that he believed he was in
the process of completing the degree and instead said he had done so.

"Certainly it was not intentional," he said. "It was stupid. I stand responsible
for it."

Rendell will continue to support Friel, Kate Philips, a spokeswoman for Rendell
said.

"He's surprised at himself for not being precise about his level of education,"
she said.

She said Friel represented his education honestly when speaking with the
governor and on his resume and was not awarded the degrees because he never
completed a required college thesis.

Friel said he completed 30 hours of course work toward a master's degree and
submitted a thesis on organized crime, but the university could not confer a
degree until Friel first earned his bachelor's degree.

The development surfaces at a time when Friel has been under attack from
Republicans who have cited an unsubstantiated 1974 state report that claims he
took money from a bar owner and his testimony in 2001 and 2002 in Connecticut in
support of a boxing promoter who allegedly had mob ties. The board restored the
promoter's license.

The Republicans have called for his removal as chairman of the Pennsylvania
Gaming Control Board, which will oversee the state's recently approved 61,000
slot machines at 14 locations across the state.

Rendell has no plans to rescind Friel's appointment, Philips said.

"It's unfortunate, but it does not preclude him from serving," she said. Also
under fire is the appointment of Rep. Jeffrey Coy (D., Cumberland) by House
Minority Leader Bill DeWeese (D., Greene), which Republicans say violates a
provision in the state constitution that bars lawmakers from taking a position
before their elected term expires. Coy's term expires in November, weeks after
the Friday deadline for gambling board appointees. Coy resigned his position in
the House on Thursday, saying it removes the conflict.

In the testimony in Connecticut, Friel, who was hired as an expert witness to
testify at an administrative hearing before the state Division of Special
Revenue, claimed to have degrees that he does not have.

Diana Bacci, the Eastern University registrar, confirmed that Friel attended
Eastern from June 1996 through December 1997 and earned more than the required
127 credits for a degree, but records do not indicate he earned a degree.

"Our records do not show a degree was awarded," Bacci said. She declined to
discuss why, citing privacy laws protecting certain types of educational
records.

Bacci noted that there are usually extenuating circumstances that keep students
from earning degrees, even when they took more hours than required.
Nevertheless, she said, schools decide whether a student's performance warrants
a degree.

"When someone claims to have a degree they don't, we call it diploma fraud,"
Bacci said.

St. Joseph's University said it could not ascertain whether Friel had completed
the courses required for a master's degree, as he has claimed in his resume.

"He attended classes here, but we can't confirm he completed a degree. But we
can't confirm that he didn't, either," said Tom Durso, a St. Joseph's University
spokesman.

Durso said the required records were not available.

Friel did not claim a degree from either school on the resume he submitted for
the gambling board position, stating instead that he completed the course work
for a degree.

Experts said Friel's case is unusual because when most people misrepresent their
education, it's on their resume.

Jude M. Werra, of Jude M. Werra & Associates, an executive search firm in
Brookfield, Wisc., has been compiling statistics on candidates who misrepresent
their education in his semiannual Liars Index, which he has published since
1995.

Werra said most employers are reluctant to hire people if they have claimed a
degree they did not earn.

"Ninety-five percent of the time employers say they would drop the person as a
candidate," he said.

"The reason is that it's something that is so easily verified that it would
raise questions about other representations."

Perhaps more troubling for Friel is that he made the assertions during sworn
testimony.

In 2003, the former head of the licensing board for Wisconsin's drug-addiction
counselors was found guilty of misdemeanor charges of false swearing when he
claimed under oath before a state administrative panel hearing that he had
degrees he had not earned, according to a published report in the Milwaukee
Journal Sentinel.

The man had been charged initially with felony perjury, which was later
dismissed.

Philips said Friel's offense did not rise to such a level.

"Many people say things when testifying because they are nervous," said Philips,
who noted that Friel made other mistakes in his testimony. "This is a basic
human error."

Contact staff writer John Sullivan at 717-787-5934 or
johnsullivan@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
Francis Friel testified before the Conn. Division of Special Revenue in 2001.

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              669 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 25, 2003, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Improve safety design of big trucks

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 549 words

USA TODAY published a Feb. 13 front-page Snapshots chart showing that trucks
represent 4% of registered vehicles but are responsible for 12% of all annual
traffic fatalities. The American Trucking Associations (ATA) responded with a
letter that continues to promote the misleading view that the majority of
truck-car crashes are the fault of passenger-car drivers ("Car-crash chart dumps
bad rap on trucks," Wednesday).

The ATA cites studies replete with major research, design and investigation
information that I take issue with, including a study published by the AAA
Foundation for Traffic Safety. This study relies on interviews with survivors of
truck-passenger vehicle crashes, the overwhelming majority of whom are truck
drivers.


Figures released by the federal government repeatedly show that in truck-car
crashes, 98% of the deaths are the occupants of the passenger vehicles. It
should be no surprise that studies relying on survivor interviews in these types
of crashes are biased against passenger-vehicle drivers.

These studies misrepresent the facts and discredit the tragic experiences of
thousands of families who have lost loved ones in these horrific collisions.

The answer to improving big-truck safety is not finger-pointing but rather
improving the safety design of big trucks. Also, the trucking industry's unsafe,
but common practice of violating work hours should be stopped. This results in
fatigued and dangerous driving.

Judith Lee Stone, president

Advocates for Highway

and Auto Safety

Washington

Nothing has changed

In the recent high-terror warnings, the government is recommending that the
American public stock up on such supplies as duct tape, plastic and extra water.


Am I the only one asking, "Is that all there is?" Billions of dollars in taxes
support the most expensive governmental budget in the world, and government
officials tell us to use duct tape?

My parents told me that during the 1950s, they were told to hide under their
desks during a nuclear attack.

I guess things haven't changed much.

Lindsay Hathaway

Clarence Center, N.Y.

Check bags instead

Bags with rollers and carry-on luggage are as responsible as cellphones for the
rude behavior of fliers ("Taking the 'lug' out of luggage changed everything:
Those little black bags on wheels have made a huge difference -- in packing and
even in jets and airports themselves," Cover Story, Money, Wednesday).

Because of the limited overhead space for these bags, it becomes almost a war to
get on an airplane first.

As a frequent flier, I quit carrying my "rollerboard" more than a year ago in
favor of a multipocket backpack large enough for my laptop, which I can more
easily squeeze into the available space in the overhead bins. I got tired of
fighting over the space with other passengers.

I check my suitcase, add an extra 30 minutes to my arrival routine for claiming
my bags and have had no problems with lost luggage.

I wish other fliers would quit obsessing over having to check and claim their
baggage. Checking bags is really not that bad, and it would make boarding and
exiting an aircraft a lot less stressful if more passengers did so.

Dave Ratisher

Biloxi, Miss.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              670 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 15, 1999, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

High court has power to change the Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1899 words



Re:: Amending wisely, editorial, June 8.

I agree with you that the Constitution was intended to be amended only in
response to profound concerns that resonate for generations. However, your
editorial urging restraint in amending it seems to misrepresent the reality of
how the Constitution is changed.

Your contention that the amending process requires supermajorities chooses to
ignore the role of the Supreme Court. Benignly we refer to the living
Constitution when the Supreme Court makes changes to our basic law. Profound
changes have been made in our Constitution by a simple majority of the Supreme
Court. No super majorities or concerns resonating for generations were required.

Your real concern should be the amendment process that takes place in the
privacy and secrecy of the justices' chambers, not that which takes place in the
public arena where we the people have our say. As long as we continue to ignore
the power and role of the Supreme Court in constitutional changes, the justices

 will surely continue to exercise that power regardless of the requirement for
supermajorities written into the document. We should not take lightly the
court's own judgment that "the Constitution means what we say it means."

Tonu Toomepuu, St. Petersburg

Second-class citizens

Re: Court says INS can revoke citizenship, June 6.

Excerpt from Amendment 5, Bill of Rights, the Constitution of the United States
of America: "No person shall be . . . deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law . . ."

Well, apparently this does not apply to naturalized American citizens. The 9th
U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco has just created a second-class
citizenship by its ruling that citizenship acquired through naturalization can
be revoked by an administrative action of the Immigration and Naturalization
Service.

I am a naturalized American citizen, have been for 45 years and I have pledged
allegiance to the United States without reservation. I am a Korean War veteran
to boot. I am an American citizen because I choose to be, because I believed and
still do, in the spirit of our Constitution and that this Republic applies
constitutional provisions equally to all its citizens, born or naturalized. I
did not apply for citizenship just to be able to write that on an application
for security clearance. My reasons are much deeper than that. American
citizenship is one of my most prized possessions.

Now the appellate court judges tell me that I've been dreaming. They also tell
me that a bureaucrat can giveth and another one can taketh it away. They would
not dare do this to a born citizen. In the wake of this decision, I'm left with
a feeling that the concept of American citizenship has somehow been cheapened.

Boris Maximow, St. Pete Beach

Tort reform is welcome

Contrary to the incessant whining from Florida attorneys regarding Jeb Bush's
much needed tort reform legislation, Florida voters can now rejoice that they
have finally elected a politician who has the guts to do what needs to be done.

As desperate attorneys pull out every demagogic trick in the book, pitting rich
against poor, children, consumers and special interests, it must be noted that
everyone except the lawyers themselves will benefit from this new law. Removing
the extortion hazard from Florida's business community will not only attract new
manufacturing business to the area, creating more high paying jobs, but it will
also lower costs for existing businesses, a savings that will be passed on to
consumers nationwide.

The desire of companies to avoid going bankrupt at the hands of treasure hunting
lawyers is no more "selfish" than the desire of a tourist not to be robbed at
gunpoint. When courts repeatedly ignore cause and effect in favor of picking the
nearest deep pocket, it threatens the very foundation of security needed to
operate almost any business, public or private. The small aircraft manufacturing
industry in this country has already been virtually destroyed by countless
"negligence" money grabs from shameless lawyers in what has now become known as
the "legal lotto." The real "special interests" hiding behind the consumer
protectionism rhetoric are the law firms that have built an empire by looting
the hard earned fortunes of American companies.

Kristy Jo Haima, Clearwater

The military deserves our thanks

Re: War's violent example, letter, June 8.

The letter writer implied that the problems in today's society stem from
recruiters and advertisements on the television for the U.S. armed forces. I
spent four years in high school in an ROTC program, and I happen to know that
the program in no way either teaches violence or condones it. The program is
simply designed to teach high school students leadership skills and teamwork.

I have also spent 2 1/2 years in the U.S. Army. The mission of the Army, as
stated in the oath of enlistment, is to "Protect and defend the Constitution of
the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic." That means that,
yes, in the course of a career, a soldier may have to go into combat and in some
cases lay down his or her life. The mission of the U.S. armed forces is to
protect the rights of American citizens like the letter writer. Just think of
all the rights we have now thanks to those brave men and women who fought, and
in some cases died, for those rights. Instead of blaming the armed forces, we
should thank them.

Remember the old adage, "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the
death your right to say it."

Before you make misinformed statements about the U.S. armed forces, think about
who defends your right to make those statements, and thank a service member or a
veteran.

Stanley Garthwait, Brooksville

ROTC is a positive influence

Re: War's violent example, letter.

This letter exemplifies the exact opposite reasoning that goes into raising our
children to be responsible, community-minded adults. Why the writer chose to
assault ROTC and the military is beyond me.

The military and the ROTC program are the very avenues that teach
self-discipline, teamwork, individual responsibility, respect for life and
self-worth.

I have no recollection of ROTC students being involved in gangs, wearing black
trench coats or being disrespectful of their teachers and parents. It would seem
that the ROTC would have just the opposite effect on teen violence that the
writer implies. The various school districts and parents would do well to
promote the ROTC program in every school.

In addition, ROTC prepares young adults for entrance in the military, another
fine institution that is necessary for this country's well being. I'm proud to
say my daughter enlisted this year.

As for President Clinton's using violence to solve problems, no one can blame
the members of the military for misuse by the president. I would note that Bill
Clinton never participated in the ROTC, and he has yet to learn the proper role
of the Department of "Defense."

Frank A. Bucci, St. Petersburg

War is not the worst thing

Re: War's violent example.

I am proud to be a graduate of the ROTC program and a career military officer. I
offer the words of an unknown author that appear on a plaque that has hung on my
wall for 30 years. It is called, "The Morality of War" and says:

"War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things; the decayed and degraded
state of moral and patriotic feeling, which thinks that nothing is worth war, is
much worse. A man who has nothing for which he is willing to fight; nothing he
cares about more than his own personal safety; is a miserable creature who has
no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men
than himself."

Bill Grom, Gulfport

Uniforms can be a discomfort

Re: The value in uniforms, letter, June 8.

Has anyone been noticing how businesses are adding "Casual Fridays" because
people are more productive when they are comfortable, or am I the only one? I go
to school at Palm Harbor University High, and I feel that uniforms would be
pointless in schools. I am not distracted by what others wear. Maybe it's just
me, but I don't sit in class and wonder why Jane wore those shoes with that
outfit; I couldn't care less.

It is impossible for me to be productive if I am uncomfortable because a
classroom is too cold or because I am wearing clothes that someone else has
picked out. How does our School Board expect students to be more attentive in
class when they are uncomfortable?

When will the public wake up and see the damage the School Board would be doing
to students by taking another aspect of their freedom? The Constitution of our
country would be violated by making a government-sponsored school take away the
students' freedom of expression. They have already severely restricted the
students' freedom of the press, why let them take away more of our guaranteed
rights?

On a final note, if people think that taking away students' individuality by
telling them they have to wear uniforms will stop students from being
disobedient in school or stop school problems, they need to grow up and think
again.

Courtney Hardy, Clearwater

See uniforms as an asset

I am writing to commend the parents of Polk County who favored the imposition of
school uniforms. As a child, I attended a private parochial school where
uniforms were worn. I attended this school from kindergarten through eighth
grade. I do not feel now nor did I then that uniforms infringed on my
individuality. Actually, they did quite the contrary. My classmates and I were
never seen as the kid who wore the baggy pants or the one with the trendy
clothes. We also never had to worry about what to wear in the morning. As a
nanny, I can tell you dressing a child in the morning is not the most fun
experience.

Those uniforms also helped me to excel and express my individuality. To do this,
I played sports, sang in the school choir and participated in other activities.
My classmates saw me for my activities. As for my appearance, there was still
the ability to be individualistic. I chose my hair style and the necklace or
earrings I wore.

    In today's society, kids have so much to deal with. There are more split
families, single parents, foster care, pressures to succeed; the list goes on
and on. Why give a child one more thing to worry about? Individuality is not and
should not be based on one's appearance. Rather it is one's positive actions
that should be remembered.

Clothes can me more of a distraction than anything else. They can often show
social class distinction. They can spur name-calling and teasing. All of these
are not in any way beneficial to young children. They can create low
self-esteem, which can lead to mental problems later in life.

    Please consider the positive things that uniforms can bring.

Briana Jeanne Reiter, Treasure Island

Share your opinions

We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be addressed to
Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731.

They can be sent by e-mail to letters@sptimes.com or by fax to 893-8675.

They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number. Please include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be published.


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Don Addis; In a frame labeled "Gun control
debate at the OK Corral" the anti-gun nuts and the gun nuts each refuse to enter
the middle ground.

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company

                              671 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                  May 29, 1998

Sex Ed Sophistry

SECTION: Letters; Pg. A30

LENGTH: 569 words


I was appalled by Wendy Shalit's ''Sex Ed's Dead End'' (Viewpoint, May 19). Ms.
Shalit never called the Sexuality Information and Education Council of the
United States for comment. She seriously misrepresents our work, the goals of
comprehensive sexuality education and the research that shows that skill-based
programs can be effective in helping young adults either delay becoming involved
in sexual intercourse or use contraception and condoms if they do become
involved.

Moreover, she ignores the overwhelming evidence that both parents and
professional organizations believe that young people benefit from sexuality
education. More than 80% of parents in every local, state and national poll
support sexuality education.

More than 115 of the country's major national organizations have endorsed
sexuality education for all children and youth.Debra W. Haffner President and
CEO SIECUS New York, N.Y.  All Aboard Amtrak''Railroading Taxpayers''
(Editorial, May 22) is very misleading, one-sided and offers an inaccurate
picture of Amtrak's future.

Amtrak has improved its bottom line by more than $ 300 million during the past
three years while federal operating support has been slashed by nearly 50%. So
far, this year's ridership increase is nearly triple last year's increase, which
will translate into record-breaking passenger revenues.

Thanks to a strong show of support from both Congress and the Clinton
administration, Amtrak has begun an aggressive $ 2.2 billion capital investment
program in high rate-of-return projects that will yield bottom-line results in
the coming years.

Amtrak is held to a different standard than other modes of transportation.
Federal, state and local governments pay substantially for the air traffic
control systems that guide airplanes and for building and maintaining the
airports themselves.  Amtrak must pay for similar services itself.George D.
Warrington Acting President and CEO Amtrak Washington, D.C.  Social Security
DistortionBecause I was a member of the Social Security Advisory Council, a
friend sent me a column by Stephen Glass in IBD (Guest Editorial, April 17,
1997). I was shocked that a publication I had always thought respectable could
print a column so distorted and deceptive as this one.

Glass compares the $ 255 funeral allowance paid by Social Security to the entire
benefit, $ 126,000, paid by a Texas public pension to a 38-year-old widow with
one child. What he left out is that Social Security would also have paid the
widow a monthly benefit for her support until her youngest child reached age 16
or, if that child was disabled, as long as he or she needed care.

Social Security also would have paid a benefit for support of the child until
age 18 - 19 while in school - or if disabled until capable of self- support.
Actuarially decreased benefits could be resumed for the widow at age 60 for the
rest of her life, or if she waited until normal retirement age, without any
actuarial decrease.

Honest arguments can be made for privatizing Social Security, but the discussion
of the widow's benefits in this article isn't one of them.Edith Fierst Chevy
Chase, Md.  Editor's note: Stephen Glass was recently fired from the New
Republic for fabricating his stories. We regret any confusion his article may
have caused.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1998 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.

                              672 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

Local matchmaker warns of Internet dating scams

BYLINE: By Jessica Bernstein-Wax Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 914 words


Thinking of switching on your computer to look for a Valentine this weekend?

Buyer beware, says one local matchmaker.

Carole Shattil, founder of San Francisco-based CheckMatesInc, is urging single
Bay Area residents to turn to traditional matchmakers like herself rather than
waste time on online sites where many users are married or misrepresent
themselves in other ways, she says.

"There's so many masses of people online," said Shattil, whose company has
offices in Palo Alto, Mountain View, San Jose and Walnut Creek. "People are
frustrated   they meet the person, and they're not who they say they are."

While most negative Internet dating stories involve nothing worse than some
missing hair or extra weight, one woman signed up with Shattil two weeks ago
after she met her online date at a San Francisco restaurant for a drink   and
his wife showed up. Apparently, it was a coincidence. Another woman told Shattil
she met a man online and dated him for several months before he stole her
jewelry while she was in the shower.

"We do background checks, we do check out driver's licenses," Shattil said.

Most of the online cases the San Mateo County District Attorney's Office
receives involve prostitution rings, Chief Deputy District Attorney Steve
Wagstaffe said. But Wagstaffe recalled a case from a couple of years back in
which a Southern California woman spent the weekend in Redwood City with a man
she met online and then tried to run him over with her car in an El Camino Real
parking lot.

"It had been a totally wonderful weekend," Wagstaffe said.

In 2006, Raymond James Merrill, a 56-year-old San Bruno resident, traveled to
Brazil to meet a woman he had been corresponding with online. The woman and two
accomplices allegedly killed him after stealing $200,000 from his bank accounts,
news reports said at the time.

Of course, for every online nightmare there's a story of a couple who met and
married, or at least spent a few enjoyable weeks together.

Between 21 million and 24 million people visit Internet dating sites each month
in the U.S., said Mark Brooks, an industry consultant who runs the Web site
OnlinePersonalsWatch.com . Those numbers don't include "adult sites," which
allow users to post more risque photographs, he said.

With the advent of dating sites that cater to married people looking for
affairs, such as AshleyMadison.com , the number of hitched users trolling those
services intended for singles has diminished from about 30 percent to 10 percent
or less, Brooks estimated.

"I think there are over 3 million users on Ashley Madison, which is a real
shame, but it's also to be celebrated especially because they're not on the
likes of Match.com ," Brooks said.

And some sites are now using fraud reduction companies such as Portland-based
iovation to keep online scammers away, he said.

It's worth dropping $5,000 to $10,000 on a traditional matchmaker if you've got
the cash and are looking for a serious relationship, but online sites that
charge or have extensive questionnaires can also be a good option, Brooks said.
Nonetheless, matchmakers may not have many prospective dates for men in their
20s or women in their 60s, he added.

"The Internet dating services are flawed because they lack service   they have
great price, great choice, but not a lot of service," Brooks said. "The
matchmaker services are severely flawed because they lack choice."

Paul Falzone, a Boston-based matchmaker who has been in the industry since 1974,
is trying to bridge the divide. Falzone's company, which owns The Right One and
Together Dating Service, bought an online dating site a couple of years ago. In
October, Falzone renamed the entire enterprise eLove, and he plans to launch a
select service for the Web site after Valentine's Day that lets clients visit a
local matchmaker for background checks and photographs   and then head online.

"The people who are certified are going to get picked much more often than the
people who aren't," Falzone said, predicting that women in particular would be
more likely to meet men his agency has already vetted.

While the rise of online dating sites initially hurt traditional matchmakers,
they have since boosted business by removing the stigma, Falzone said.

"Since then, our market share's increasing," he added. "We're the professionals
at this. ... People need the attention, and they need the coaching."

But Kate Bilenki, director of love for the popular free dating site
Plentyoffish.com , said most people she knows in their 20s or 30s wouldn't
consider going to a traditional matchmaker.

"Some people may choose to use match-making services and use background checks,
but most will say, 'Why? I can do this myself,' " Bilenki said. Online daters
can avert most dangerous situations by exchanging a few e-mails and talking on
the phone before meeting, as well as letting someone know they will be going on
a date with a stranger on a particular day, she said.

While Plentyoffish.com hasn't had many reports of problems with married users,
Bilenki noted that kind of deception happens in everyday meetings too.

That's something a 23-year-old San Jose man would probably agree with after a
woman he met in a bar and was casually dating allegedly lured him to a Redwood
City alley. Prosecutors say the girlfriend's friend then held a knife to his
throat, punched him and stole his ID, cell phone and about $100 in cash. The
case is scheduled for trial in March.

E-mail Jessica Bernstein-Wax at jbernstein@dailynewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              673 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      October 24, 2000 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Western paintings starting to get some respect

BYLINE: By Kyle MacMillan, Denver Post Critic-at-Large,

SECTION: SCN; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 1336 words


Discussions of Western art for much of the 20th century  consisted of colorful
explorations of the cowboy-and-Indian  subject matter and fawning tales of
sometimes exaggerated exploits  by the artists who made them.

Offering an almost total contrast has been the trendy and  politically correct
scholarship in the last decade or so that has  questioned and even condemned the
motives of those artists and  cast a negative light on much of their allegedly
romanticized work.

In both cases, the emphasis has been squarely on what the  works depict, or in
the case of the recent writings, what they do  not depict. As a result, Western
art often has been isolated from  the mainstream of American art and stigmatized
as inferior.

With 'Painters and the American West,' a new exhibition at  the Denver Art
Museum, and its accompanying 218-page book, curator  Joan Carpenter Troccoli has
set about trying to right this art  historical wrong.

She has focused her attention not on what the 107 paintings  on view are about
but what they are: artworks. The result is an  exciting, top-notch show that
both showcases the whole history of  Western art and, at the same time,
stretches the genre's  traditional boundaries.

'To embrace the art of the American West,' Troccoli writes,  'within the
mainstream tradition is to enrich that tradition with  work of value and
significance. To ignore or discount it  impoverishes, indeed misrepresents,
American culture.'

Though this eminently sensible approach is still surprisingly  radical within
American art historical circles, Troccoli is not  the first person to call for
such an integrated approach to  Western art.

But many other recent efforts have tended to focus on one  artist or set of
artists, such as the groundbreaking Frederic  Remington retrospective in 1988,
which sought to correct his  still-low critical status.

Troccoli's much more comprehensive approach sets this  exhibition and concurrent
book apart, earning both a significant  place in the current scholarship in the
field of American art.

Some people, particularly those who have been exposed only to  the abundant
mediocrity that has been an unfortunate part of  Western art almost since its
beginning, might Wonder if in fact  such work does merit such consideration.

Acknowledging concerns, Troccoli writes, 'Even when its  detractors accord the
art of the West a tiny jot of respect, they  are nonetheless certain that it
must be derivative of, and lag  decades behind, art of real quality and
importance.'

The exhibition and book are devoted to disproving this  all-too-common notion,
and they do so convincingly.

To build her case, Troccoli has drawn, amazingly enough, on  just one collection
of Western art, but it is no ordinary one. In  fact, experts agree that it is
the finest anywhere in private  hands.

The holding, which now numbers more than 650 paintings and  drawings, has been
assembled beginning in the early 1960s by  Denver billionaire Philip Anschutz,
who made his fortune in oil,  railroads and was founder of Qwest Communications
International.

In most cases, it would be impossible to put together such a  large-scale and
wide-ranging exhibition from a private collection,  because such groups of work
tend to be idiosyncratic in scope and  inconsistent in quality.

Neither is a problem with the Anschutz collection, which was  assembled in much
the same way a museum goes about its  acquisitions, with care given to being
comprehensive and to  purchasing the best possible examples of each artist.

When Troccoli winnowed down Anschutz's first-rate works to  what are essentially
her picks for the 107 best works in the  collection, the result is a knockout,
whether the viewer buys into  the overall art-historical premise or not.

Sure, some works are better than others, but there is not a  clinker in the mix.
And there are many, many pieces that are  absolutely first-drawer examples by
the artists and masterful by  any measure.

Examples include Thomas Moran's dramatic 'Children of the  Mountain' (1866),
Nicolai Fechin's vibrant 1927 portrait of famed  Taos, N.M., arts patron Mabel
Dodge Luhan, and Ernest  Blumenschein's 'Sangre de Cristo Mountains' (1926),
with its  extraordinary depth of field.

One of the few places where it is possible to find anything  lacking is in the
selections by Remington. Each of the three  paintings shown are quality
examples, but none could be counted  among his great works.

Troccoli's book is divided into four types of paintings:  portraiture, still
life, genre or narrative painting and  landscape. In each area, she tries to tie
the Western examples in  the Anschutz collection into the overall American
tradition.

In the exhibition, which is geared toward a general audience  and not art
historians, she understandably takes what is  essentially a chronological
approach with certain geographical and  stylistic groupings along the way.

The exhibition begins with major early- and mid-19th century  works by such
painters as George Catlin and Alfred Jacob Miller  and then includes examples
from nearly every successive decade  through K. Douglas Wiggins' 'Merging of
Cultures' (1997).

Among the strongest rooms are those with work by artists  working in New Mexico,
such as Blumenschein, Victor Higgins,  Walter Ufer and Eanger Irving Couse.
Anschutz was able to bolster  this area with his purchase of a large group of
works from the  Santa Fe Railway.

Also worth mentioning is a gallery of almost unknown  California painters, whose
works were among the weakest in the  show but still wonderfully fascinating, and
a surprising group of  pieces by impressionists such as Childe Hassam, who is
hardly  noted for such subject matter.

As mentioned earlier, both Anschutz and Troccoli are intent  on expanding the
idea of what constitutes Western art. One of the  resulting treats is seeing
works by artists who are almost never  associated with Western art.

Examples include 'Indian Encampment Along the Snake River'  (1871) by Ralph
Albert Blakelock, who is known for his often dark,  expressionistic landscapes,
and 'New Mexico Landscape' (1923) by  abstractionist Stuart Davis.

Another surprise for some viewers might be a room of  disparate Western works
hung salon style, or floor to ceiling.  Such an unconventional arrangement
creates some odd and  interesting juxtapositions and forces the viewer to work a
bit  harder than usual.

Though Troccoli's thesis is considerably less a part of the  exhibition than the
book, it is nonetheless visible. Alongside  certain works are labels with some
of her points in condensed form  and photos of other paintings to which she has
made comparisons.

Some of her most trenchant insights are to be found among the  forward-looking
20th century works, such as Randall Davey's  'Buffalo Dancer' (ca 1919), a work
that she uses to launch her  whole discussion in the book.

She theorizes that Davey was inspired by the audacious colors  and bold approach
of Henri Matisse and a group of avant-garde  French painters known as the
'fauves,' which translates roughly as  'wild beasts.'

This painting departs considerably from reality with its  vibrant, gestural
paint strokes and unexpected colors,  particularly the strident yellow-green and
purple in the  background.

'Painters and the American West' continues through Jan. 21. Not  just cowboys

What: 'Painters and the American West'

When: Through Jan. 21; 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Tuesdays-Saturdays;  5 to 9 p.m.,
Wednesdays; noon to 5 p.m. Sundays

Where: Denver Art Museum, West 13th Avenue and Acoma Street

Admission: $ 6 general public, $ 4.50 senior citizens and  children 13 and
older; free for museum members and children 12 and  younger; call 720-865-5000

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Anschutz Collection 'Indian Festival in Arizona' by Jan Matulka
is among the works in 'Painters and the American West' at the Denver Art Museum.
Among the artwork on exhibit at the Denver Art Museum, is 'Sangre de Cristo
Mountains,' (1926) by Ernest L. Blumenschein.

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              674 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 12, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

Minimum Drinking Age Laced With Loopholes, Novello Says;
States Blamed for 'Myth' on Access to Alcohol

Paul Taylor, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1013 words


The minimum drinking age of 21 adopted by the federal government seven years ago
is "largely a myth" because state laws enacted to enforce it are "riddled with
loopholes, laxity and lip service," Surgeon General Antonia C. Novello said
yesterday.

"Two-thirds of the teenagers who drink -- that's almost 7 million boys and girls
-- get their booze the easy way," Novello said. "They simply walk into the store
and buy it."

The National Minimum Drinking Age Act of 1984 required all states to raise their
minimum purchase and possession age to 21 or face a reduction in federal highway
funds. Novello said that no state has been sanctioned, in part because the
federal legislation allows for exceptions, which the states, in turn, have
widened into "huge loopholes."

She released a 50-state survey of state alcoholic beverage control and
enforcement officials which found that:All 50 states and the District of
Columbia have laws that prohibit sales to minors, but five states and the
District do not specifically make it illegal for minors to buy alcohol. Instead,
they make it illegal for a minor to use false identification or otherwise
misrepresent his or her age. Thus, minors can "shop" for a vendor or store that
does not ask for an ID, Novello said.

But such shopping is rarely necessary. A study this year by the Insurance
Institute for Highway Safety found that 19- and 20-year-old males were able to
buy beer without showing identification in 97 of the 100 stores studied in the
District.

Penalties against vendors and minors are nominal and rarely assessed. Many
states have cut their staffs for enforcing underage drinking laws; in some
instances the cuts have been made to help pay for the war against drugs. In
addition, courts are lenient with youthful offenders.

"It's a no-win situation," the Department of Health and Human Services report
quoted one unidentified enforcement official as saying. "Law enforcement does
not get public support for busting kids. Parents don't want their child arrested
for something every other child does."

Possession of alcoholic beverages by minors is legal in 38 states (including
Maryland, Virginia and the District) through exceptions provided in federal law.
Exceptions include when a minor is in a private residence, club or
establishment, when a minor is accompanied by a parent, spouse or guardian over
age 21, or when a minor possesses alcohol for religious or medicinal purposes,
or in the course of employment.

Novello said that she thought it would be "too prohibitionist" to enforce laws
against underage drinking in one's home, but she noted that this exception makes
it difficult for police to raid "kegger parties" that have become a staple of
teenage entertainment in many middle-class and affluent suburban communities.

California, one of the 38 states that does not prohibit private possession of
alcoholic beverages by minors, has attempted to work around that problem with a
"kegger" statute that enables law enforcement officials to seize alcohol at
gatherings in private homes, open to the public, with 10 or more persons under
age 21 present.

Forty-four states (including Maryland, Virginia and the District) allow minors
to sell alcohol without adult supervision. An earlier Health and Human Services
Department survey found that 3.5 million teenagers regularly purchase alcohol
from stores with young clerks, and almost 3 million purchase alcohol from stores
where they know the clerk. "Store owners need to know that youths are under a
lot of pressure to sell to other youths," the report quotes a state official as
saying.

Novello urged states to revoke or suspend driver's licenses for youthful
offenders (27 states do so); enact "dram shop" laws that allow lawsuits against
persons who provide alcoholic beverages to minors (23 states have such laws),
and use "sting" operations to deter vendors. A spokesman for the Department of
Transportation said that the department would review its policy to see if
federal highway funds should be withheld from some states.

Law enforcement officials say that while 14 percent of automobile fatalities
involve underage drinking, raising the minimum age has had a positive effect.
Virginia Attorney General Mary Sue Terry reported yesterday in Roanoke that
according to a study of fatal traffic accidents, the minimum-age law had saved
153 lives in her state in the past seven years.

In a report released earlier, the HHS inspector general's office found that 51
percent of the nation's 20.7 million junior and senior high school students have
had at least one drink in the past year, 8 million students drink weekly, and
454,000 "binge" weekly.

"It is time for America to wake up from its indifference," said Col. Glen Walp,
commissioner of the Pennsylvania State Police. "Madison Avenue would have us
believe that 'it doesn't get any better than this.' But from a police
perspective, the reality is pulling dead, mutilated bodies from mangled steel,
and it doesn't get any worse that that."

Brian and Janice Ball of Trenton, Tex., whose son, Brian, 15, died last month
after downing what local police said was as many as 26 shots of vodka in 90
minutes at an all-you-can-drink party at a private residence in Parsonburg on
Maryland's Eastern Shore, at a news conference yesterday urged parents to be
more vigilant.

"Public attitude on this has got to change," Brian Ball said. "The parents sit
there and think their kids are going to go out and have one or two beers. That's
not the way kids are drinking these days. We found out that the 'in' thing to do
is to go out, take 10 shots of alcohol in a row, sit down and wait for it to hit
you. It is binge drinking. It is drinking to get blown out of your mind."

Janice Ball said she had not allowed her son to drink at home or anywhere else.
"I did not allow him that much unsupervised freedom," she said. "But we didn't
teach him about resistance, resistance to peer pressure and resistance to
stress. Don't make the same mistake I did and think it can't happen to your
child."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ANTONIA C. NOVELLO (THIS PHOTO RAN ONLY IN EARLY EDITION.)

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              675 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 22, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE 1994 CAMPAIGN: THE AD CAMPAIGN;
Race for Comptroller: London Responds to MCCall

BYLINE: By Ian Fisher

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 28;  Column 4;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 375 words



CANDIDATE Herbert London

PRODUCER Independently produced by the London campaign

SCRIPT Announcer: "During the aftermath of the Crown Heights pogrom, when
predators were roaming the streets yelling, 'Kill the Jews,' Herbert London, a
Jewish candidate, said that people should arm themselves in self-defense. Carl
McCall has shamefully used those words to misrepresent Herb London's position on
gun ownership and law enforcement. And McCall is lying about Herb London's
positions on Social Security and about other issues. Don't believe McCall's
lies. Elect Herb London Comptroller."

VISUAL The ad opens with huge white letters on a black background: "Kill the
Jews?" Mr. London's name then appears, followed by the phrase, "The people
should arm themselves in self-defense." Next, Mr. London's opponent, the
incumbent Comptroller, H. Carl McCall is shown in black and white film, slightly
speeded up, in a style reminiscent of wartime newsreels. Superimposed is: "Carl
McCall lies." Finally, the ad shows Mr. London at a rally sponsored by the New
York State Black Republican Council, grasping hands with Mayor Rudolph W.
Giuliani.

ACCURACY On the charge that Mr. McCall has mispresented his position, Mr. London
has said that gun laws are too stringent, but he does not advocate eliminating
all controls. He has also said that Jews in Brooklyn should arm themselves in
self-defense.

On Social Security, the McCall ad says that Mr. London favors scrapping it in
favor of private insurance, while Mr. London says that is merely one option to
consider.

On abortion, Mr. McCall's ad says Mr. London oposed abortion even in cases of
rape and incest. Mr. London's campaign says he has advocated legislation
allowing abortions in these cases, although he is personally opposed to it.

SCORECARD Given the speed and heat of his response, Mr. London is obviously
concerned about the impact of Mr. McCall's original ad. But the response itself
appears to be inflammatory and does not clarify who Mr. London is or what he
stands for. For example, the headline, "Kill the Jews," is so laden with emotion
and lacking explanation that the juxtaposition borders on suggesting that Mr.
McCall advocates that position.   IAN FISHER

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              676 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 3, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

New Measure Will Punish Fraud in Car Registration

BYLINE: By WAYNE KING,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Jan. 2


New Yorkers and other out-of-staters who try to beat high automobile-insurance
rates by falsely registering their cars in New Jersey will face stiff fines --
up to $15,000 -- under a bill signed into law today by Gov. Jim Florio.

The new law makes it a violation of the state's Fraud Prevention Act for any
out-of-state motorist to misrepresent his legal residence in applying for
automobile insurance. First offenders can be fined $5,000, a second offense is
subject to a fine of $10,000, and third and subsequent offenses, $15,000.

"People engage in this type of fraud to save money though New Jersey's lower
auto insurance rates, so the best way to eliminate this type of fraud is to
remove the economic incentive by fining violators," Governor Florio said in
signing the bill in Newark today.

Although New Jersey residents complain about high insurance rates, they are
still substantially lower than those paid in high-claim areas like New York City
and Philadelphia, where investigators say rate evasion is most common.

Contrast in Rates

Rates in New Jersey, according to the Insurance Department, currently average
about $1,000 a year, but insuring a car in New York City or Philadelphia can
cost more than $3,000 a year because of the high accident and theft rate.

The most common method of evading the high rates charged in those urban areas is
to register a car in New Jersey using an address of a vacation home on the
Jersey Shore, or arranging with New Jersey relatives to use their addresses,
particularly in rural or suburban areas where rates are lower.

Mr. Florio said such evasions cost New Jersey drivers about $100 a year in added
premiums to make up for claims made against policies fraudulently written using
New Jersey addresses.

The extent of the problem was suggested last May 20, when investigators from the
New Jersey Insurance Fraud Division went into Philadelphia and several New York
City boroughs to list and photograph vehicles bearing New Jersey plates between
6 and 9:30 in the morning. They recorded a total of 1,147 New Jersey plates, 663
in New York City and 484 in Philadelphia, many on expensive luxury cars. The
disparity in insurance rates is biggest on more expensive cars because of the
higher cost of repairs or replacement.

After investigators checked the vehicle registrations against other records --
local tax rolls, credit reports, post office records, school registrations,
utility bills, telephone directory listings, employment records, insurance
applications, voter registrations and lease company records -- to determine the
actual residence of the owners, about 800 were found to actually live in New
Jersey.

But without a specific statute specifically making such fraudulent registation a
crime, rate evaders were only subject to civil penalties if they filed a claim
against their insurance. The normal course of action when an insurer discovered
fraudulent registration, usually after a claim was filed, was to rescind the
policy and refund the premium.

Rate evaders who had not filed any claims could in theory be prosecuted
criminally for theft by deception -- getting a lower rate by lying about the
address -- but prosecution and proof were difficult, and in 1989, the most
recent year for which statistics were available, only 23 people were indicted
for theft by deception in such cases.

13,000 Cases Investigated

But the Fraud Division actually received more than 30,000 complaints of rate
evasion between 1988 and 1990, when investigators began to focus on the problem.
In 1990, about 13,000 cases were investigated, and nearly 40 percent involved
rate evaders who had filed claims.

Investigators said 95 percent of the cases involved out-of-state residents
fraudulently claiming New Jersey addresses.

New Jersey insurance officials also said the new law would allow insurance
companies and law-enforcement officials broader authority to physically inspect
vehicles for which applicants have requested insurance.

In some cases, the insured person simply lies on the application, creating a
vehicle that does not exist, gets a policy, then reports the nonexistent car
stolen and collects on the policy. Insurance companies refer to this type of
fraud as "the phantom vehicle scheme."

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                              677 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 11, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

John Warner Fires Consultant Who Altered Challenger's Photo in Ad

Spencer S. Hsu, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 977 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, Oct. 10


Republican Sen. John W. Warner fired his media consultant and apologized to
Virginia voters and Democratic challenger Mark R. Warner today, as the senator's
campaign tried to limit the damage after the consultant doctored a photograph of
the Democrat for a television attack ad.

"Although I had nothing to do with it, knew nothing about it [beforehand], I
accept the responsibility, and I extend an apology to all Virginia voters,
including Mark Warner," said John Warner, who added that no one in his campaign
had realized the photograph had been altered before the ad aired.

In news conferences in Norfolk and Richmond, the 69-year-old senator also said
he had pulled the ad off the air and no longer would use material produced by
Greg Stevens & Co., an Alexandria-based firm that still works for GOP
presidential nominee Robert J. Dole.

The head of the firm, Greg Stevens, took "full responsibility" today for the ad.
"There is no justification," said Stevens, who said he never before had altered
a photograph for an ad. "There was a movie titled 'Dumb and Dumber.' Well, this
was worse."

Stevens had used a computer to doctor a photograph of former Virginia governor
L. Douglas Wilder, President Clinton and Sen. Charles S. Robb (D-Va.) at an
October 1994 fund-raiser in Alexandria. In the commercial -- which casts Mark
Warner as a liberal "political insider" -- Robb's head was removed and replaced
with Mark Warner's.

The picture itself did not misrepresent the record of Mark Warner, a former
state Democratic Party chairman who has supported Wilder and Clinton and was on
the podium at the fund-raiser. But the altering of the photograph made John
Warner's campaign a target of criticism this week by Democrats and political
analysts, who said it smacked of deception.

Yesterday, Mark Warner -- who is not related to the senator -- stormed across
Southside Virginia, hoping that the Republican's blunder would give his campaign
a much-needed boost. After spending more than $ 5 million on television ads, the
41-year-old telecommunications tycoon is about 16 percentage points behind the
incumbent, according to a recent voter survey taken before the controversy over
the ad.

"What we've seen in the last 24 hours from John Warner and his campaign are
arrogance, arrogance, arrogance," said Mark Warner, who scoffed at the senator's
claim that he was not directly responsible for the ad.

"What did John know, and when did John know it?" he asked.

Democrats indicated that Mark Warner would respond with his own ad highlighting
the mistake by John Warner's campaign, and Mark Warner said he believed it would
resonate with Virginians' sense of propriety.

"Is doctoring a photograph and taking one person's head and putting it on
another person's body the Virginia way? I don't think so," Mark Warner said. "I
don't think voters are going to think that your way, John, is the Virginia way."

Former governor Wilder accused John Warner's consultants of playing to racial
themes in portraying Mark Warner as a liberal by manipulating his photo so that
he was shaking hands with Wilder, the nation's first elected black governor.

"I think [John Warner] tried to have it both ways," Wilder said. "He's the one
speaking about diversity and inclusion, while his consultants do the dirty
work."

Today the senator denied any racial motivation behind his ad.

It was unclear today whether the flap over the commercial would change many
voters' opinions of John Warner, a three-term incumbent who for years has been
one of Virginia's most popular politicians. Many of the voters outside the two
campaigns' news conferences in Hampton Roads and Richmond had not seen John
Warner's ad, which was released Monday and ran in most of the state's television
markets, except costly Northern Virginia.

Those who had seen the ad said they considered the altering of the photo unfair,
but even then there was confusion over which of the candidates should be blamed.

John W. "Jack" Mueller, 68, a retired phone company worker from Sandston, Va.,
called the doctored photo "a cheap shot." But Mueller initially thought that the
commercial had been put out by Mark Warner. When corrected, he said he supported
John Warner and wouldn't change his vote.

Dee M. Richardson, a 48-year-old Richmond health care assistant, called the move
"a dirty Republican trick," but she acknowledged that she was a loyal Democrat
who had planned to vote for Mark Warner anyway.

Outside Ma & Pa's Country Diner in Richmond, however, a 55-year-old state
employee who would not give her name said she was so troubled by John Warner's
ad that she might stop supporting the senator and vote for the Democrat. "If
they can't be honest just campaigning," she said, "how can they be honest in
office?"

Scott Keeter, a pollster at Virginia Commonwealth University, said that the
furor over the ad could sap some Democratic support for John Warner, who in
recent surveys has gotten significant support from the rival party.

"It's the kind of thing people have come to expect from politicians, and it
might not have much resonance," Keeter said. "But from another perspective, it
has some potential. If someone has doctored photographs, everybody understands
that's wrong."

A spokeswoman for Dole's campaign said that Stevens would continue to work as a
media consultant for the GOP presidential nominee and that the campaign was set
up to prevent any misrepresentations in its ads.

"Greg Stevens is one person on a three-man ad team," spokeswoman Christina
Martin said. "He has not and will not produce ads of this nature for the Dole
campaign. . . . Dole ads must pass through an elaborate approval structure,
which includes sign-off by senior campaign managers."

Staff writers Howard Kurtz and Ellen Nakashima contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              678 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 6, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Hearing Problems

SECTION: Section C; Page 14, Column 6; Living Desk

LENGTH: 206 words


TO THE LIVING SECTION:

I wish to respond to the letter of Raymond G. Kuntz, which appeared Sept. 4. It
referred to the Amy Rowley case and was a response to the story ''Faces Behind
Famous Cases'' on June 19. Mr. Kuntz described Amy Rowley's hearing in a way
that is clearly confusing to an uneducated person and I think misrepresents the
situation. Although I do not know Amy Rowley personally, I have many years of
experience testing hearing-impaired people and particularly children.

Mr. Kuntz describes Amy's hearing with her hearing aids as ''near normal in the
lower frequencies.'' For the information of your readers, hearing in the low
frequencies, while useful, will enable Amy to understand vowel sounds and enable
her to hear the rhythm of speech. It will not provide sufficient information for
her to be able to understand most of what is said. Consonants, for example, are
in the middle and high frequencies and will not be understood by a person who
only has normal hearing in the low frequencies. The implication of Mr. Kuntz's
letter is that with this hearing Amy should be able to hear normally. This is
not the case. JANE R. MADELL, Ph.D. Director of Audiology, New York League for
the Hard of Hearing Manhattan

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                              679 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        June 25, 1995 Sunday 2D EDITION

LETTERS TO THE POST

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-02

LENGTH: 2112 words


Readers deserved better than 'Worlds Apart' series

Jim Carrier's "Worlds Apart" series that began The Sunday Denver Post (June 11)
represents much that is bad about journalism today. For him to have spent as
many weeks researching this story as he did and to misrepresent as many facts as
he did calls into question any synthesized view he portrays about Los Alamos
National Laboratory.

A few of the more obvious errors:

To state that no one in New Mexico knew until the 1980s that Los Alamos produces
nuclear waste is complete fantasy. How does Carrier explain annual reports from
the Laboratory starting in 1973 detailing its environmental impacts - reports
distributed to state offices, the EPA and the Sierra Club, among others? Or how
about reports produced by the U.S. Geological Survey from 1946 to 1971 that
provided the same information? These materials were in the laboratory's reading
room, where Carrier supposedly did some of his research.

In writing about the "secret release of radioactivity in Bayo Canyon," Carrier
repeats an error the news media have made for more than a year, apparently in an
effort to build a mythical picture of conspiracy and secrecy. The use of
radioactive lanthanum in open-air implosion tests in Bayo Canyon was common
knowledge when the experiments were going on and it was written about
extensively in local media when the site was disbanded and first cleaned up in
1963.

In describing "(r)ecent revelations about the lab's role in human experiments 40
years ago, Carrier ignores the numerous articles that were published decades ago
by the scientists involved in these pioneering studies of the use of
radioisotopes for medical diagnosis. The fact that Carrier and other reporters
only recently became aware of these studies shouldn't be used to imply that they
were once a secret.

To cite Colorado College economist Bill Weida - a favorite of anti-nuclear
activists, by the way - that "remarkably little" of the lab's operating funds
reaches surrounding counties contradicts Carrier's own writing earlier in the
article that the lab creates "35 percent of all economic activity in the upper
Rio Grande Valley." Nearly half of the lab's workforce and fully 80 percent of
its contractors live "off the hill," and their salaries help fuel the local
economics.

Beyond these specific examples, there is the more subtle matter of language and
juxtaposition which Carrier uses to build a bleak picture of the lab and the
town. For example, he links a paragraph about wife swapping and high divorce
rates with one about a high birthrate "requiring nine elementary schools."
Another possible explanation for the high birthrate, of course, is the baby
boom; otherwise, what is the explanation for four of these elementary schools
now being closed if wanton philandering was the cause of all those kids?

It was obvious when Carrier visited Los Alamos last year that his story was
largely already written in his mind and his reporting was intended only to find
information to support a preconceived notion of reality. So it's no great
surprise that his articles came out with the negative slant they have.

Still, that sort of bias has no place in a purported news story carried by a
paper of The Post's stature.

Your readers deserve better.

JOHN R. GUSTAFSON

Deputy Group Leader, Public Information

Los Alamos National Laboratory, N.M.

Many gaps remain in the nuclear picture

It is always stylish to bash anything nuclear in our scientifically illiterate
culture. The series about our nuclear legacy was informative, but I would like
to know more about the present. What about the important supply of electricity
from nuclear power or the uses of life-saving medical isotopes? What is being
done to remediate the environment? Negative public opinion is a result of
negative articles written by opinionated journalists and an industry that has
historically (and presently?) done a poor job of public relations. Public
distrust is also justified in the wake of past irresponsible acts.

Things haven't changed much. Nuclear weapons aren't being mass produced, but
nuclear waste still is generated by the ton and stored with no plan to safely
dispose of it. Although cleanup efforts have been partially successful, the
trouble is that nobody will take responsibility to solve the problem.

Jim Carrier makes the scientists, engineers and the government our scapegoats
while the public was the ignorant victim.

However, like the German public during World War II, I maintain that we are all
partially accountable.

How soon we forget that before the late '80s we lived under the fear of imminent
nuclear destruction, thanks in part to Ronald Reagan and "defense" escalation.
We knew all about the arms race and the dangers of radiation. Many, many people
knew about operations at our nuclear sites. Who stood up then? Voters, thrilled
by the prosperity of a wartime economy, reelected Reagan. Now we must pay for
decades of debt and environmental recklessness.

Last week, France announced plans to detonate nuclear devices in the South
Pacific and Republicans are clamoring to increase our defense spending for
bombers and anti-missile systems.

It is time to stop wasting resources on killing humanity and develop technology
that benefits our society instead.

STEPHEN N. PAGLIERI

Golden

Capitation system of health care

doesn't mean physicians will skimp

As a medical doctor, having practiced internal medicine for more than 10 years,
I feel compelled to respond to Nancy Jenkins's May 18 letter to the editor about
capitation.

Ms. Jenkins blames capitation for hampering the health-care delivery system. But
the notion that physicians working under a managed-care capitated contract save
money by skimping on care is unfounded.

Capitation is a method of payment for health services in which a physician or
hospital is paid a fixed, per-capita amount over a specific period of time for
each person served, regardless of the actual number or nature of services
provided to each person. The shift from fee-for-service reimbursement toward
capitation has been required because of rapidly escalating health care costs.

Under the old fee-for-service paradigm, care providers were financially rewarded
for doing more. Although arguable, most health-care economists would agree that
this form of reimbursement is a major factor in rising costs. A capitated,
managed-care environment stresses prevention and wellness.

The goal of any health-care delivery system should be appropriate use of
services; it should not be driven by the reimbursement method. Also, in a
capitated, managed-care environment, information systems allow data tracking to
help ensure appropriate care. Development of national standards to measure
patient satisfaction and medical outcomes will be the ultimate measure of value
for purchasers of health care.

GERARD L. GUILLORY, M.D., Chairman

Columbine Medical Group

Aurora

The hazards of pickups at the new DIA

"Parking" at DIA? Watch out!

The other day my daughter flew into DIA, and we had our first opportunity to
experience the new facility from the family car picker-upper viewpoint.

First stunner: As you enter the gate 10 miles from the airport, you must take
out a "parking ticket," giving you 30 free minutes to exit the gate on the other
side.

Second stunner: You look at your "parking ticket," and the entry time is 5
minutes ahead of three watches and clocks in your car! Accident? So you have
only 25 minutes to make a 20-mile round trip to the exit gate, plus what you
came here for. Of course, our daughter's plane was 20 minutes late!

Third stunner: A police officer tells you to park your car or go around the
airport through the return lane miles away. You do, but - surprise! You do not
pass the gate and therefore, technically, therefore, you are still "parking" on
your 25-minute allowance!

Fourth stunner: Back at the gate, Our daughter has not arrived as yet, and the
parking ticket has about expired. So I do a desperate move to find a U-turn
beyond the exit point. The clerk at the exit booth is lenient and lets me pass
without demanding $ 2, which she is technically entitled to get. I go on to
Tower Road, the first opportunity for a legal U-turn, and return to the airport
with a fresh "parking ticket." My fare has waited for about 15 minutes, and I
have spent about $ 1 worth of gas trying to save $ 2.

Conclusion: They will now introduce credit cards at DIA for "parking." Though I
do not believe that the city is out to finance the deficit of DIA with parking
revenues, this arrangement smells of intent, and I do not know one other airport
in the whole world where your access is metered and cheated on so as to make you
pay.

BRUNO E. SABELS

Lakewood

Promise Keepers column

praised and attacked

Good for you, Chuck Green! Your June 18 column, "Promise Keepers & promise
breakers," was excellent. It summed up my feelings about the Promise Keepers and
the promise breakers in our society.

This past week Channel 4 ran a commercial that said "The Promise Keepers are
coming to town. They will be greeted by some protesters."

I turned to my wife when I heard this and asked, "What can they protest? They
are just a bunch of guys who believe a real man should love and care for his
family and love God."

You have taken some strong, politically incorrect stands in your column. Keep it
up. It is nice to see someone stand up for what they believe in even if it goes
against current standards of political correctness.

Loved the column. Keep up the good work.

CHUCK RUSH

Denver


In response to Chuck Green's column of Sunday, June 18:

First of all, if he'd like to help decrease the amount of scorn in the world, he
could start with his own toward those "journalistic colleagues, liberal friends
and feminist acquaintances" he speaks of so scornfully.

Second, it is quite possible to support the equality of women and men, consider
oneself liberal, find deplorable the fact that so many men in this country do
not live up to the responsibilities of taking care of their children or live up
to their marital commitments and still have strong reservations about the
Promise Keepers brand of macho Christianity. This may be something he hasn't
considered yet, but it is possible to dislike the Promise Keepers and not
necessarily, therefore, be in support of "deadbeat dads."

Third, how about partnership instead of a return to domination? Why must they go
from "promise breakers" to "We are now ready to be the leaders! Yes, sir!" all
in one jump? I feel there is a place for strong leadership of both men and women
in families, and Christians and non-Christians alike are capable of this.

It doesn't sound as if "equal responsibility in partnership" is a concept
Promise Keepers even consider.

I don't support the Promise Keepers, and I didn't like Green's thoughtless
article either.

DHYAN ATKINSON

Denver

Senator links his probe

to AARP's resistance

In response to news articles The Post published recently regarding Sen. Alan
Simpson's investigation of the American Association of Retired Persons, I think
it is important that your readers have more information.

Harry Truman once said, "If you want to get on the front page of a newspaper you
should attack someone, especially if you are in politics." Simpson has done just
that. Instead of addressing the issues, he insists on attacking a group which
supports the critical issues of Medicare, Social Security and Medicaid.

Although Simpson publicly focuses on AARP's nonprofit status, privately he tells
AARP officials that the intensity of his investigation into AARP will be in
direct relation to how hard AARP fights the Medicare cuts.

Let's deal with the real issues, Senator, rather than hiding behind a smoke
screen of protecting the public from AARP.

JON LOONEY

Denver

Thanks for good work,

Mark Obmascik and Post

And now a word in support of the work of Denver Post columnist Mark Obmascik. He
is one of the few investigative reporters around, as he goes beyond the
copy-the-official-press-release form of journalism now so common.

I find Mark's reporting helpful and illuminating, as he actually wades through
the turgid prose, the vapid rhetoric of elected officials and self-important
captains of industry, and gives the reader a clue about the often-nefarious
deeds being concocted.

For example, his recent writings about the Regional Air Quality Council's
meetings exposed shenanigans I'm sure the "growth elite" would as soon have kept
quiet.

I applaud Obmascik for his fine reporting and The Post for supporting him.

STEVE RYDER

Fort Collins

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              680 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    October 7, 2000, Saturday, Final Edition

Cheney Rips Gore's 'Problem' With Credibility

Edward Walsh , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: FORT SMITH, Ark., Oct. 6



Republican vice presidential candidate Richard B. Cheney said today that Vice
President Gore suffers from a "credibility problem" and "this uncontrollable
desire" to exaggerate his accomplishments.

The day after his relatively benign debate with his Democratic opponent,
Connecticut Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman, Cheney showed no such deference to the man
who heads the Democratic presidential ticket. He told reporters aboard his
campaign plane that there is strong evidence of serious problems in the U.S.
military.

"Al Gore has chosen either to ignore that or to misrepresent the facts," he
said. "That's serious business and I think that it is perfectly appropriate
during the course of the campaign to point out if somebody who would be
president of the United States has a credibility problem, and I think he has a
credibility problem."

The former defense secretary added: "He seems to have a compulsion to embellish
his arguments or . . . his resume. This is a man who's got significant
accomplishments, been a congressman, senator, vice president. He's held national
office for 24 years, and yet he seems to have this uncontrollable desire
periodically to add to his reputation, to his record, things that aren't true.
That's worrisome and I think it's appropriate for us to point that out."

It was a point echoed later in the day by GOP presidential nominee George W.
Bush, who, when asked about the issue, said of Gore: "I think he is prone to
exaggeration."

Cheney's remarks, some of his toughest of the campaign, came in response to
questions about an increasingly direct assault on Gore's truthfulness by some of
Cheney's surrogates, including his wife. Introducing her husband at campaign
rallies here and earlier in Shreveport, La., Lynne Cheney told cheering
Republicans, "I once wrote a book called 'Telling the Truth,' and I am sending
an autographed copy to the vice president."

But the harshest attack on Gore was delivered at the rallies by former Wyoming
senator Alan K. Simpson (R). He accused Gore of practicing "deceit" and, when
Gore was in the Senate, of threatening to withhold support for the Persian Gulf
War unless Senate Republican leaders agreed to his demands for prime speaking
time on the Senate floor.

Simpson said in Shreveport that reports of Gore embellishments involved "not
just slips of the tongue. These are disturbing traits of exaggeration and
prevarication."

"Look up the word 'deceit' in the dictionary," he added. "It's definition is to
intentionally mislead, and that's what Al Gore is doing."

Referring to his party's presidential nominee, Simpson said he had devised a new
slogan for the GOP ticket: "Bush makes it work and Gore makes it up."

Doug Hattaway, a Gore campaign spokesman, said Simpson's charge about Gore and
the Persian Gulf War vote was "not true" and had been "thoroughly debunked" when
Simpson made the charge earlier. Responding to Cheney's remarks, Hattaway said:
"The Bush campaign is back on the attack after losing the debates on the issues.
Cheney failed to sell their massive tax cut for the rich so he's falling back on
these kinds of attacks. And when the facts are inconvenient to the Bush
campaign, they lash out like this."

The assaults on Gore came a day after Cheney and Lieberman agreed to refrain
from negative remarks during their only nationally televised debate, and they
could portend a sharply negative turn in the presidential contest.

In his public remarks at the rallies today, Cheney took aim at Gore's
credibility on the military issue. He said the military "is clearly worse off
today than it was eight years ago."

"There are only two ways to interpret Al Gore's refusal to admit what's going on
here," Cheney said. "Either he doesn't know what the state of the U.S. military
is. Or there's an alternative--he's decided not to tell the truth about it.
Either alternative is a terrible indictment of a man who would be
commander-in-chief."

Cheney also vowed that he and Bush would continue to indict President Clinton
and Gore for a failure of leadership. "For eight years, the Clinton-Gore
administration has not delivered on the basic, fundamental responsibilities of
the president and vice president of the United States," he said. "They haven't
done it on Social Security. They haven't done it on Medicare. They have not done
it on education. They haven't done it on taxes."


LOAD-DATE: October 07, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post

                              681 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 6, 2016 Wednesday 3:40 PM GMT

Wisconsin primary: Sanders and Cruz narrow delegate gaps - campaign live;
Hillary Clinton and Democratic rival head to Philadelphia for rallies and Donald
Trump will hold his first New York event as a white supporter faces charges over
punching a black protester in North Carolina

BYLINE: Amber Jamieson in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1117 words


block-time published-time 3.40pm BST

Hillary Clinton said she feels "sorry" for the masses of young Bernie Sanders
supporters who, she says, are fed a simplistic line about her own record.

"There is a persistent, organized effort to misrepresent my record, and I don't
appreciate that, and I feel sorry for a lot of the young people who are fed this
list of misrepresentations," said Clinton in a podcast interview with Politico's
Glenn Thrush.

But David Axelrod, campaign manager for both of Obama's presidential campaigns -
and let's remember how incredibly vicious the 2008 campaign was for both of them
- called it "patronizing".

enltrLine @HillaryClinton should drop: "...I feel sorry for the young people who
are fed this list of misrepresentations." It's patronizing.

- David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) April 6, 2016

On MSNBC's Morning Joe, Clinton spoke about Sanders' supporters being excited
about his campaign because they are "in effect protesting".

"Look, I think it's exciting to be in effect protesting. I remember I did that a
long time ago when I was in my 20's, and I totally get the attraction of this,"
she said.

block-time published-time 3.16pm BST

Why Cruz and Sanders' victories in Wisconsin primaries matter

In theory, Wisconsin's primaries aren't that much of a big deal, with only 138
delegates available across both the Democratic and Republican parties.

But in practice, at this point in the election calendar, Wisconsin matters a
lot. And the wins that Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders clinched on Tuesday night
have helped clarify the race to the White House: Sanders isn't the only
candidate who faces an uphill climb to get his party's nomination - things
aren't going to be easy for Donald Trump either. The New York billionaire
increasingly faces the prospect of a contested convention.

The Republican race

Cruz obtained 48% of the votes in Wisconsin, 13 percentage points ahead of Trump
(and 34 percentage points ahead of Kasich). Because Wisconsin is largely a
winner-takes-all state for Republicans, that vote share was enough for the Texas
senator to pick up 36 of the 42 delegates available here. As a result, Cruz has
brought up his delegate total to 502. That's still behind Trump's current total
of 739 delegates but it's significant because Cruz's win helps to hold Trump
back from that golden finish line: the 1,237 delegates needed to win the
Republican nomination.

Polling had predicted a much narrower win for Cruz. Averages collected by Real
Clear Politics suggested that Cruz would defeat Trump by a margin of less than
five percentage points (polls also underestimated the performance of Sanders,
who beat Hillary by a margin four times bigger than predicted).

It's likely that Cruz owes at least some of that success to Marco Rubio's
decision to drop out of the Republican race three weeks ago. A month ago,
polling suggested Rubio and Trump were levelpegging in Wisconsin. Nationally, it
looks as though most Rubio supporters are choosing Cruz as their second choice
rather than Trump - last night's results would suggest that a similar trend
happened in Wisconsin.

Read the rest of Mona's piece - including the importance of Sanders winning
Wisconsin - over here.

Related:  Why Cruz and Sanders' victories in Wisconsin primaries matter

block-time published-time 3.08pm BST

This morning on MSNBC's Morning Joe Clinton was quizzed about whether Senator
Elizabeth Warren - who has yet to endorse either Democratic candidate - would
have a role in her White House.

"I am looking forward to working with her closely," replied Clinton.

block-time published-time 2.47pm BST

Hillary Clinton appeared on MSNBC's Morning Joe program today, with a very husky
voice after intense days of campaigning.

She was asked about Bernie Sanders' ability to be president, based on his recent
interview with the Daily News editorial board where he was quizzed on how he
would break up the banks and whether the president had that authority.

"I think the interview raised a lot of really serious questions," said Clinton.
"The core of his campaign has been break up the banks and it didn't seem, in
reading his answers, that he understood exactly how that would work... That
means you can't really help people if you don't know how to do what you are
campaigning and saying you want to do."

She was asked Sanders should end his race since the numbers game makes it near
impossible for him to win.

"I'm the last person who would tell anybody to walk away from a campaign," said
Clinton.

When asked if she considers Sanders a Democrat, she replied:

"Well I think he himself doesn't consider himself to be a Democrat. He's raised
a lot of important issues the Democratic party believe in... that's up to
democratic voters to make that assessment."

block-time published-time 1.54pm BST

It's the morning after the Wisconsin primary, where Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz
both beat their respective parties' leading candidates.

"Tonight is a turning point. It is a rallying cry. It is a call from the
hard-working men and women of Wisconsin to the people of America: we have a
choice. A real choice," said Cruz after his victory. Cruz won 33 delegates last
night, making a contested Republican convention even more likely.

"Momentum is starting the campaign 60-70 points behind Secretary Clinton.
Momentum is that within the last couple of weeks there have been national polls
which have us one point up or one point down," declared Sanders, who picked up
45 delegates last night.

Sanders has won of the last eight contests - although he's still way behind in
the delegate count. A new web ad for Bernie - featuring Diplo's song Revolution
- launched on Wednesday morning.

Meanwhile, Sanders will host a rally in Philadelphia this afternoon at 5pm. Ohio
governor John Kasich will give his State of the State address at 7pm, which will
focus on Ohio, but since he's been referencing his state experience repeatedly
throughout his presidential campaign, expect it to also be part of his
campaigning.

In Donald Trump  news, this morning a white supporter accused of punching a
black protester in the face at a Trump rally will face court over charges of
assault and disorderly conduct in Fayatteville, North Carolina.

Trump will hold his first New York campaign event today, a rally in Bethpage at
7pm tonight. The Guardian's Ed Pilkington will be there.

This morning Hillary Clinton  is appearing on MSNBC's Morning Joe, a rare
morning TV appearance. Then today she's got two events in Pennsylvania, a union
convention in Philadelphia that starts from 11.15am ET and then an organizing
event in Pittsburgh. The Guardian's Lauren Gambino will be at today's Philly
event.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 2.29pm BST

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              682 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 31, 2007 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

About Online Surveys, Traditional Pollsters Are: (C) Somewhat Disappointed

BYLINE: By THOMAS CRAMPTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; MEDIA: ADVERTISING; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1326 words

DATELINE: PARIS, May 27


To traditional pollsters, a random survey adjusted to reflect the general
population is the only way to measure public opinion properly.

First developed in the 1940s by George Gallup, the father of modern polling,
random sampling requires hours of costly legwork by an army of specially trained
pollsters.

But some survey companies that offer an Internet-based alternative to
traditional polls are trying to make inroads, including a British one, YouGov,
which plans to introduce its methods in the United States for the next
presidential election.

Working with a large panel of respondents who answer a range of questions
through an online questionnaire, YouGov says it can predict election outcomes
and consumer preferences with greater accuracy for far less money than ever
before.

To reflect a broad spectrum of opinion, the online panelists are recruited from
all walks of life, and efforts are made to reach out to people who are less
likely to be online, like the elderly and people with low incomes. Panelists are
paid to participate -- which is a big no-no in conventional polling -- and their
identities are validated by their home addresses and other personal details.

To be sure, traditional pollsters and political consultants do not view online
surveys as scientifically acceptable. The sampling of consumer opinion tapped
through an online questionnaire cannot be as random as traditional measures,
they argue, and it is easier for people to misrepresent themselves and their
opinions online. Another critical difference is that in traditional polls,
participation is voluntary, not paid.

''Voter polling by the Internet is not yet viable,'' said Joel Benenson, a
Democratic pollster working for the presidential campaign of Senator Barack
Obama of Illinois. ''There are some uses for online polling, but it still misses
out on too much of the population for us.''

Despite the strong skepticism, Internet-based survey results are likely to get
some publicity during the 2008 elections, and executives from companies that
conduct these surveys hope that they can use the attention to gain credibility
for their methods.

YouGov, for example, has formed a partnership with Polimetrix, an online survey
company based in Palo Alto, Calif., for surveys in the United States.
Polimetrix, with a panel of one million people, plans to track the 2008
presidential election with a 50-state survey covering a minimum of 1,000
panelists in each state.

''State-by-state election results are an important way for us to prove that our
methodology delivers accurate results,'' said Douglas Rivers, a Stanford
University political science professor who founded Polimetrix in 2004. ''You can
be lucky once, but not 50 times.''

Professor Rivers said that the margin of error for Polimetrix surveys is similar
to that of polls conducted by telephone. YouGov said that its own results in
recent British elections were as close or closer to the actual votes than
traditional polling methods.

Mr. Benenson of the Obama campaign said that the Internet can be an effective
way to test ad campaigns for specific populations, but that the variables are
too great for judging the views of the general population. Polls on which public
policy decisions are based still require walking the streets, said Leendert de
Voogd, managing director of TNS Opinion in Brussels, one of the world's largest
polling companies.

''It is still way too early for public opinion polling to go online,'' Mr. de
Voogd said. ''Internet polling is like the Far West, with no rules, no sheriff
and no reference points.''

Among the surveys run by TNS Opinion is Eurobarometer, a survey of public
opinion across Europe conducted for the European Commission since 1973.

''The decisions made on the basis of our polls are far too important to be left
to an online survey,'' Mr. de Voogd said. ''Online polls can miss very important
parts of the population.''

For YouGov, developing a balanced panel of regular respondents from all sectors
of the population is a priority, said Nadhim Zahawi, YouGov's chief executive.
''We expend a lot of effort reaching older people and other demographics'' of
people who are less likely to use the Internet, he said.

Mr. Zahawi added that modern technology has made old-fashioned polls more
cumbersome and unreliable. ''Thanks to the increased use of mobile phones, the
traditional pollsters face a growing problem of how to track down people at
home,'' he said.

In London, The Daily Telegraph, which uses YouGov's services roughly twice a
month, appreciates the ability to query a large number of people in a short
time.

''They allow us to ask twice the number compared with most polls,'' said Anthony
King, a professor of government at the University of Essex who commissions
surveys for The Daily Telegraph. ''The bottom line is that they get results
faster and as good or better than other polling agencies.''

But to Mr. de Voogd of TNS Opinion and other polling company executives, nothing
less than classic polling methodology will deliver results. This technique calls
for a country like Britain to be divided into 150 cells, or sampling points,
with a starting address chosen at random for the pollsters to begin their walk.

''You cannot replace wearing down shoe leather to do good polls,'' Mr. de Voogd
said. ''It does take money and time walking house to house, but quality has a
price.''

From the starting address, the interviewer follows a random route that could
resemble this: Walk left away from the first address, turning left on the first
street, then count three blocks and turn right. On that block, count five houses
and knock on the door of the sixth house. Ask to speak with the person whose
birthday is closest to the date of the interview.

If the person is not there, the interviewer must attempt to contact that same
person up to eight times or until the person declines to participate.

A separate person does a follow-up interview with 20 percent of those polled to
verify that the interviews were conducted strictly according to the methodology.

The technique is different at YouGov, where a panel of 175,000 Britons is
developed, nourished and surveyed. Each member of the panel, who is confirmed to
fit a certain demographic category, receives points for answering questions
posed -- and answered -- on the Internet. When enough points are accrued, the
panelist receives $:50, or about $99. Individual respondents may be contacted up
to once every two weeks.

YouGov has also set up a partnership with a brokerage firm, Execution Limited,
to analyze the impact of consumer trends on the imminent financial results of
companies. This would, for example, allow a company to determine whether
consumers prefer clothes this season from Gap or Marks & Spencer, a British
retailer, Mr. Zahawi said.

For all these advantages, online polling cannot work in places with low Internet
penetration, Mr. de Voogd said.

''Perhaps you could do an online poll in the Netherlands, where almost everyone
has Internet, but that's about it,'' Mr. de Voogd said. ''Only eight European
countries even have half the population online.''

The problem, according to both Mr. de Voogd and Mr. Benenson of the Obama
campaign, is that Internet users do not necessarily reflect a nation's
population.

''Rural voters, older voters and lower-income voters tend to be underrepresented
on the Internet,'' Mr. Benenson said. ''By the mere fact that someone in these
categories is on the Internet thus makes them unrepresentative for extrapolating
views of their demographic.''

But Professor King of the University of Essex does not agree with this argument.

''There is no evidence to suggest that people who use the Internet are
fundamentally different from those without it,'' he said. ''One mad, awful lady
living in a poor neighborhood without Internet does not differ much from her
mad, awful friend next door who goes online.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Nadhim Zahawi of YouGov, which uses alternative polling methods.
(Photo by Steve Forrest for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company

                              683 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 16, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

A Cure for A Race?;
Heart Drug Findings Set Off Ethics Debate

BYLINE: January W. Payne, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Health; F01

LENGTH: 1582 words


A study showing that a new drug combination dramatically improves outcomes for
black patients with heart failure is expected to lead to federal approval of the
medication specifically for that group. While some doctors applaud this
development, others question its validity and worry about its ethical
implications, fearing it will usher in a wave of race-based drug treatments
driven more by marketing than by science.

The study, published in the Nov. 11 edition of the New England Journal of
Medicine, was halted nine months early when researchers noticed 43 percent fewer
deaths among people taking the new drug than among those given a placebo. The
test participants were 1,050 people who identified themselves as black, all of
whom also took other medications (including diuretics, ACE inhibitors and beta
blockers) typically prescribed for heart failure.

"It's the largest reduction in mortality that's ever been achieved in a heart
failure trial," said Jay Cohn, a University of Minnesota cardiologist who
co-authored of the study.

The drug, named BiDil, represents a "race-based therapy" approach that many
doctors said they expect to see increase, at least partly because such
treatments represent a potentially faster route to drug approval. But some
doctors say the approach misrepresents race as an easily distinguished
biological trait. Studies have shown genetic variation within any racial group
exceeds that between two groups.

Race-based therapy is a "bad idea," said Patricia Davidson, a cardiologist at
Washington Hospital Center. For a doctor to employ this type of treatment, the
practitioner would have to ask a patient, "How much African American blood do
you have" in you? she said. "We have to be very careful with that."

Like some other critics, she also expressed worry that approving and marketing a
drug to one group only could hurt other patients who might have benefited from
the same treatment. A lack of data about a drug's effects on the wider
population could leave doctors without sufficient guidance on whether to broaden
its use.

NitroMed, the Massachusetts-based company that made BiDil and funded the trial,
plans to apply for Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval by the end of the
year, said Manuel Worcel, the company's chief medical officer. It hopes for
approval sometime in 2005.

Heart failure, a condition in which the heart loses the ability to pump enough
blood through the body, is often associated with coronary artery disease, high
blood pressure and diabetes, according to the National Heart, Lung, and Blood
Institute. Of the roughly 5 million people nationwide who had heart failure in
2001 -- the most recent year for which data is available, said Cohn, some 1
million were black. In 2001, about 9 percent of the 52,828 people for whom heart
failure was listed as the primary cause of death were black, according to the
American Heart Association.

BiDil is a combination of two drugs -- hydralazine and isosorbide dinitrate
(also known as nitroglycerin) -- that have been available for decades in generic
forms.

Hydralazine, often used to treat hypertension in the 1960s, went out of favor
with the development of newer, more profitable drugs, such as ACE inhibitors and
beta blockers.

"We now know that hydralazine not only acts to lower blood pressure, but it is
an antioxidant . . . [and] protects arteries in the heart," Cohn said.

Isosorbide dinitrate is still commonly prescribed to treat chest pain, doctors
said. The drug relaxes the arteries and veins, helping to deliver nitric oxide
to the body, Cohn said.

Previous trials suggest that some black people may have a nitric oxide
deficiency that BiDil helps to correct. Black patients have also been found to
be less responsive to ACE inhibitor therapy for hypertension and heart failure,
the study's authors said in telephone interviews.

NitroMed plans to conduct further research to see if other patients might also
benefit from BiDil, according to Worcel, a cardiologist.

"Do we believe that only blacks have nitric oxide deficiency? Absolutely not,"
Worcel said. "The issue here is how to identify those patients that are going to
be helped by drugs like [BiDil.]" The drug company hopes to identify other, less
"crude" biomarkers, he said, to help them identify other patients who would
respond well to BiDil.

Cohn said he has prescribed the two components of BiDil individually for many of
his own patients with heart failure since 1980, when an earlier study showed
benefits for patients of all races. "Many of my colleagues who have been around
a long time are using the combination and have been for many years," he said.

The study that touched off the controversy began in June 2001, said lead author
Anne Taylor, a professor of medicine and cardiology at the University of
Minnesota. The 1,050 black patients who were randomly assigned to take BiDil or
a placebo had an average age of 56. The BiDil group was about 55 percent male,
and the placebo group was 63 percent male.

The trial, co-sponsored by the Association of Black Cardiologists, was supposed
to end in 2005. But researchers stopped it in July, when benefits to the BiDil
group were so great that the researchers could not defend withholding the drug
from the placebo group. When the trial was stopped, 54 of the 532 patients in
the placebo group had died, compared with 32 of the 518 patients in the BiDil
group. That translated to a 43 percent improvement in survival among patients
taking BiDil, according to the study.

Researchers also found a 33 percent reduction in the rate of first
hospitalizations for heart failure among patients taking BiDil compared with
those taking placebo. Patients taking the new drug also reported improved
quality of life. BiDil also helped lower some patients' blood pressure, the
authors wrote.

The trial, dubbed the African American Heart Failure Trial, followed an
unsuccessful 1980s attempt to get the FDA to approve BiDil for all racial
groups.

"The reason they turned [the earlier bid] down was not because they didn't think
BiDil worked," said Jonathan Kahn, a law professor at Hamline University in
Minnesota, who wrote an article for the Yale Journal of Health Policy, Law and
Ethics about the history of BiDil and the controversy surrounding race-based
treatments.

The problem was, said Kahn, researchers didn't design the trial to meet the kind
of tests the FDA applies when new medications are submitted for approval. Taylor
said researchers were conducting exploratory research -- to see if the drug, as
theorized, might decrease the heart's workload, thereby helping it pump more
efficiently.

Researchers later reanalyzed the data and found that black patients seemed to
respond more favorably to BiDil than did whites. They published a study in 1999
in the Journal of Cardiac Failure that combined the results of two heart failure
trials involving 395 black men and 1,024 white men. In one of those trials,
black men taking the two components of BiDil had a slightly lower mortality rate
than those on placebo; white patients taking the drugs saw no effect. The
authors called for additional trials "involving large numbers of black patients"
to further investigate their response to the drugs.

The data reported in the most recent study means almost certain FDA approval for
BiDil use in black patients, doctors said. That expected approval would allow
NitroMed to hold exclusive rights to the drug until 2022. The earliest BiDil
could be on the market would be sometime in 2005.

But Kahn said the drug did not have to be tied to race to be approved.

"You come to realize how really terribly unfortunate it is that it [BiDil]
became entangled with race, and that race -- in my mind -- is really being used
here much more as marketing concept than as a medical concept," Kahn said. "And
that's my real concern."

Taylor said she expects that other racial groups will benefit from BiDil as
well. "We think that there will be [positive] effects in other groups of
patients. What you need are sizable groups [in clinical trails] to show that,"
she said.

Without such proof, doctors said, official FDA approval will not likely be
broadened. That means doctors wanting to use it for patients of other races will
have to prescribe it "off label" -- the term for uses not specifically approved
by the FDA, said M. Gregg Bloche, a Georgetown University law professor and an
adjunct professor at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health.

But identifying good candidates for BiDil by race could be tricky, said Bloche,
since many people have backgrounds that include several different ethnicities.
Color of skin, he said, is not an accurate marker of racial background.

"The concept of race is based on a tiny number of genetic characteristics," said
Bloche. What matters more, Bloche said, are specific genetic patterns that
affect how people respond to medications and other therapies. Members of any
number of races may have these genetic characteristics. Environmental factors
can make a difference, too, he said.

Kahn, the author of the study criticizing the association between BiDil and
race, also expressed discomfort with the new study.

"It sends the message that because it was done only in African Americans that
somehow African Americans are different genetically than everybody else. And
that is a very dangerous message to be sending," Kahn said. "It's one that
doesn't need to be sent in order to bring this drug to market." *

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post

                              684 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                October 27, 2004 Wednesday Penn/Elkhart Edition

Former city attorney weighs in on hall

BYLINE: By BILL MOOR; Tribune Columnist

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1; COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 796 words


Three points were all Dick Nussbaum wanted to share with me.

But he is a lawyer -- Gov. Joe Kernan's chief counsel, no less -- and we all
know most lawyers are full of legalese and long-windedness.

I listened anyway.

Nussbaum presented his three points in as simple of terms as he could, even
sometimes putting it in baseball language for my benefit. (He did pitch for
Notre Dame, after all.)

1. The College Football Hall of Fame financial issue needs to be put into the
proper context.

2. Joe Kernan, South Bend's mayor who brought the hall here, may have been wrong
on how it could be financed, but he did not misrepresent the effort or
intentions toward the project.

3. The National Football Foundation has been unfairly demonized for its role --
or lack of it -- in the hall.

These points came to Nussbaum's mind, while smoke came out of his ears, after he
read my recent column on Jim Cierzniak and his earlier efforts to thwart the
hall and his ongoing criticism of the 10-year-old facility.

Though I suspect he can pronounce it, Nussbaum just can't seem to get
Cierzniak's name to come out of his mouth, preferring to call him "your earlier
subject."

I get the point. You do, too. There is no love lost here between these two men
-- one very much for the hall and one very much against it.

While Cierzniak has sometimes acted as a one-man crusade against the hall,
Nussbaum was the city attorney when it came to fruition and still serves as an
unpaid adviser for the city to the hall and the NFF.

"So, yes, I still feel a responsibility to it," he says.

He also is an eager supporter of it.

"Yes, the governor was mistaken with the expectations he had for the kind of
corporate sponsorship he could get for the hall," Nussbaum says.

Kernan had pledged that no public funds would be needed for the hall. But that
turned out to be far too optimistic, with city taxpayers picking up the bulk of
the cost.

"We overestimated the philanthropic facet of corporations and underestimated the
marketing part of their decisions," Nussbaum adds. "It just didn't work out."

He means the financing, not the overall success of the hall to the downtown
strategy.

"I think there is a buzz in our downtown that few cities our size have, and the
hall is certainly a part of that."

That said, Nussbaum stresses that he takes exception to Cierzniak's statement
that the hall was Kernan's "signature project" while mayor.

"In fact, I think the hall would be hard-pressed to make the top 10 on Joe's
list of signature projects."

He mentions the Waste Water Treatment upgrade, the Blackthorn development, the
downtown revitalization, the Morris Performing Art Center refurbishing as a few
examples.

"I don't want to downplay the role of the hall because it is an important part
of the downtown strategy, but it is remarkable that in a budget of more than
$150 million that so much is made of a $200,000 cut."

That amount is how much the South Bend Common Council voted to cut from the
$829,000 the city had earlier budgeted for the hall's operation.

Nussbaum thinks that is an ill-advised move. "The cut does nothing to help the
taxpayers because that money comes from the hotel-motel tax and the pro sports
development fund that can't be used for other city services. So that $200,000
will just sit in an account."

He believes that some of the newer council members may not have had a full
understanding of this financing when they turned in a 5-4 vote in favor of the
cut.

"And, I admit, it is not an easy subject to digest," Nussbaum adds.

As far as the National Football Foundation, he thinks many people don't realize
that the New York-based organization has stepped forward in recent years.

In 2001, the NFF and the city entered a five-year agreement in which the NFF
would take over the operating part of the hall. The city would still chip in at
least $500,000 a year from the hotel-motel tax and the pro sports development
fund -- money coming almost exclusively from people outside the county.

"The NFF could have told us a deal is a deal and not renegotiated," Nussbaum
says. "But I think its leadership, under chairman Jon Hanson, realizes the hall
in South Bend is in their best interest.

"Over the years, the NFF has become much more inclusive and are now more than
just a good, old boys club from New York City."

But does the organization do enough for the hall?

"They do a part," Nussbaum says. "It is an evolutionary process."

Same with the financing.

"We would eventually love to wean the hall away from public funds."

His overall feelings about the hall project?

"We thought we were going to hit a home run and ended up hitting a double. We
will continue to work at it and plan to turn it into a homer yet."


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nussbaum

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                              685 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 3, 1998 Thursday
                                  City Edition

UNO STARTER RULED INELIGIBLE

SECTION: C; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 127 words


University of Nebraska-Omaha starter Gary Charles will miss the Mavericks'
season opener after being ruled ineligible by the NCAA.

Head coach Pat Berhns said Wednesday that Charles had been ruled ineligible
because of a mix-up involving his academic standing. Behrns said a doublecheck
by the coaching staff revealed that he received credit for the same course
twice.

"There was no intent to misrepresent or do anything wrong," Behrns said. "It was
just an honest mistake, so hopefully the kid doesn't suffer for it."

Charles, a starter at defensive end, will not be in uniform tonight when the
University of Nebraska at Omaha opens its season at Central Missouri State.
Behrns said a UNO appeal will be heard Tuesday by the NCAA as the Mavs try to
get Charles back.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              686 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                September 27, 1989, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

4 CATTLE DEALERS TO PAY $12,200 TO SETTLE SUIT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 240 words


Four livestock dealers agreed to pay $12,200 in fines to settle a state lawsuit
that accused the dealers of violating animal health laws and misrepresenting
cattle sold at Joplin Regional Stockyards in southwest Missouri.  In a suit
filed Sept. 21, Attorney General William Webster and other state officials
listed 18 defendants, including stockyards officers, who had participated in a
scheme to misrepresent cattle from other states as being from Missouri. In some
cases, such cattle must be quarantined for 60 days or slaughtered within five
days.  The four dealers who will pay the fines agreed to cooperate with the
state investigation, Webster said. The dealers also agreed to inform buyers
correctly of the state of origin for the cattle they sell and to tell buyers
whether they are subject to quarantine.  The dealers are Kinley and Franklin
Miller of Pea Ridge, Ark.; Don McElhany of Miami, Okla., and Howard P. Williams
of Granby, Mo.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              687 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            January 25, 1974, Friday

BYLINE: BY FRANK LYNN

SECTION: Page 1, Column 8

LENGTH: 260 words

NYS Sup Ct Justice Burton B Roberts on Jan 24 dismisses election fraud charges
against Assembly Speaker Duryea, Assembly Majority Leader John E Kingston and 4
aides, declaring that election law in case is unconst because it makes
'anonymity a crime'.  Draws distinction between anonymous campaign literature
and campaign literature that misrepresents sponsorship or source.  Says NYS
Legis should pass tighter election law to prevent misrepresentation and fraud.
Asst Dist Atty Michael Juviler says decision will be appealed.  Case, which is
seen as likely to drag on for mos, revd.  Duryea comments.  Gov Wilson lauds
decision.  Duryea lawyer Harold L Fisher, who is Legis Election Law Com advisory
group vice chmn, says advisory body will definitely consider revisions in law.
ACLU asst legal dir Bert Neuborne comments.  Effect on Duryea's pol career
assessed.  Aides say Duryea has been devoting considerable time in own Repub
dist for fear that he might lose seat.  Duryea supporters agree that Duryea, who
has made no secret of gubernatorial ambitions, would face uphill battle against
Wilson.  Observers, pointing out Wilson's considerable pol power, say Wilson
will select Manhattan Dist Atty Hogan's successor and that both Roberts and Asst
Dist Atty Alfred J Scotti, who pressed Duryea indictment, are seeking apptmt.
Duryea says he is keeping 'options open' concerning gubernatorial race.  Aides
involved in case are Assemblyman Alfred A DelliBovi, Henry A Mund, I Lynn
Mueller and James C Threatte.  Illustrations of Duryea and Fisher (L).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 25-74

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photograph

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              688 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 10, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Witchcraft

SECTION: Section 7; Page 31, Column 3; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 214 words


To the Editor:

In his review of my book, ''Entertaining Satan: Witchcraft and the Culture of
Early New England'' (Sept. 19), Jack N. Rakove suggests that my ''reliance on
theory'' leads to errors of omission (or emphasis) and offers the following by
way of illustration: ''Why Mr.  Demos so readily concludes that weaning at age 2
mattered more than a not implausible fear that Satan was running amok among the
saints is never made clear.''

his is a crude and unfounded caricature of my argument on the psychology of
witchcraft. The reference to weaning is simply inexplicable; the subject -
indeed the word - is not so much as mentioned at any point in my book. And as
for fears that Satan was running amok, I quite agree on their importance and
quote Cotton Mather (along with other Puritan clergymen) to precisely that
effect.

A reviewer is entitled to express his own opinions on the use of theory in
historical research but not to misrepresent the substance of particular points
in question.  JOHN DEMOS Watertown, Mass.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                              689 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             August 7, 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

Winglass takes command of Labor Department;
A retired three-star general wants to help people get jobs and to crack down on
those who abuse the system.

BYLINE: SUSAN M. COVER MaineToday Media State House Writer

SECTION: MAINE/NEW ENGLAND; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1231 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


The new head of the state Department of Labor wants to crack down on people who
try to scam the unemployment system. He also wants to help those who need better
skills to get the proper training.

At a time when the state's unemployment rate is 7.8 percent, retired Marine
Corps Lt. Gen. Robert Winglass is taking over a department that administers
federal unemployment checks and runs 12 careers centers around the state.

It's a new role for Winglass, 75, who served as a Republican lawmaker for four
years and worked for IBM.

''What I've come to appreciate is the people here,'' he said during a recent
interview in his office in the sprawling Department of Labor building north of
Augusta. ''The people are really dedicated and determined.''

Winglass said he wants to crack down on people who receive overpayments in their
unemployment checks. Some of it is unintentional, he said, because those who get
jobs may wait a week or two before telling the state that they should no longer
receive checks.

He's concerned about the people who abuse the system, and wants to be aggressive
in cracking down on them.

''When we catch 'em, it's going to be an unpleasant experience for the folks who
may have intentionally attempted to beat the system,'' he said.

State law requires people who misrepresent their situations to pay back benefits
received, plus a 50 percent penalty, according to the department.

LEARNED WORK ETHIC EARLY

Winglass is a native of Franklin, Mass., whose father sold poultry out of a
refrigerator in Boston and whose mother was a shoe factory worker. Neither one
was highly educated - his father finished eighth grade.

Winglass said that even though they couldn't help him with his homework, they
taught him something even more valuable.

''They taught me work ethic,'' he said. ''You sign up to do something Bob, you
do it to the best of your ability. I've followed that prescription for a long,
long time.''

Winglass was nominated to the Cabinet position in late April, after Gov. Paul
LePage's first pick, Cheryl Russell, withdrew her name, citing personal business
obligations.

In early June, the Legislature's Labor, Commerce, Research and Economic
Development Committee voted 11-2 in support of Winglass for the position, and he
went on to earn support of the Senate on a 32-1 vote.

Just over two months into the job, Winglass, whose annual salary is $102,689,
said he's impressed with the department but wants to work harder to lower the
state's unemployment rate.

He sees the department's career centers as one way to help people who are
seeking work, and he wants to develop a close relationship with businesses to
see what kind of skilled workers they need.

35 YEARS OF MILITARY SERVICE

As a teenager, Winglass came to Maine in 1952 to work in the kitchen at the New
England Music Camp in Sidney.

As his friend Bob Booth of Lewiston recalls, Winglass volunteered for one of the
most miserable jobs - working in the ''dog house,'' a windowless part of the
kitchen.

Winglass, who was 16, volunteered because he was the leader of the ''kitchen
boys,'' said Booth, who had the much cushier job of driving a pickup truck to
run errands.

''It's the only time I ever outranked him,'' Booth said.

After high school, where Winglass admits he wasn't a ''terrifically good
student,'' he went to Springfield College in Massachusetts, where he graduated
with honors before joining the Marines. He spent 35 years in military service
and earned a master's degree in international affairs from George Washington
University.

''Most of my career was in logistics, supply, finance and automated data
processing,'' he said.

He commanded units that ranged in size from 50 to 10,000, and over more than 30
years he reached the rank of three-star general.

Winglass remembers well the 1983 terrorist bombing of the U.S. barracks in
Beirut, where 241 people were killed, many of them Marines. Winglass had 350
Marines and sailors in Beirut at the time - none of them was in the barracks.
Many responded to help save lives in the wake of the bombing.

At a memorial service back in the United States, Winglass recalls a comment by a
chaplain that has stuck with him to this day: ''I don't know why young men die.
You would think it would break the heart of God.''

''It set you back and caused you to think, what is war all about,'' Winglass
said.

MAKING MAINE HOME

When he retired in 1992, Winglass and his wife, Norma, an Ellsworth native,
decided to make Maine their home.

In 1994, he ran for the Legislature, winning a seat as a Republican representing
Auburn. He was re-elected two years later. He lost a Senate bid to Neria
Douglass, who's now the state auditor, in 1998.

Now a resident of Bath, Winglass ran for the Legislature last year, losing to
Rep. Michael Clarke, D-Bath.

As a lawmaker, Winglass sponsored legislation to get more money for Maine
Veterans Homes that eventually was signed into law by Gov. Angus King.

He remembers working with Chellie Pingree, now a U.S. representative, Libby
Mitchell, a former Senate president who ran for governor last year, and Steve
Rowe, the former attorney general who also made a run for governor last year.

After his legislative service, Winglass parlayed his military experience into
the private sector when he took a job with IBM, to help the company get back
into the business of dealing with the military.

He was named director of the Strategic Business Relationships Team of the IBM
software division. After fours years, he decided it was time to do something
new.

FAIR BUT DEMANDING

At a church service in Ellsworth, Winglass ran into Bill Beardsley, commissioner
of the Department of Conservation and a 2010 gubernatorial candidate. Beardsley
told Winglass that the LePage administration still needed a labor commissioner.
Winglass expressed an interest.

His nomination came after weeks of controversy about a mural that LePage had
removed from the Department of Labor lobby. The mural depicted scenes of Maine
workers, and was considered to be anti-business by administration officials.

Winglass would say only that the mural is still at the department headquarters
and he will follow any direction given by the courts for what will happen with
the artwork, which is now the subject of a lawsuit.

Marine Corps Lt. Gen. Carol Mutter, the first woman in the country to earn the
rank of lieutenant general, described Winglass as someone who is fair yet
demanding. She said he sets clear expectations and then steps back to let
colleagues do their jobs.

During a phone conversation, Mutter, who lives in Indiana and is retired, said
she believes Maine people will be well served by Winglass.

''Marines in general, and Bob in particular, we're all frugal,'' she said.
''After 20 or 30 years in the Corps, you learn how to make what little money you
had go far.''

For fun, Winglass likes to travel. He and his wife have ''been on every
continent except Australia,'' he said. He loves the Red Sox, and once
moonlighted as a hockey official in the Washington, D.C., area.

Charles Stickney, former owner of Deering Ice Cream, has known Winglass for
nearly 30 years. He described his friend as a dedicated public servant who will
consider all sides of an issue.

''I don't think you get three stars in the Marine Corps if you don't have a
pretty good leadership style,'' he said.


MaineToday Media State House Writer Susan Cover can be contacted at 620-7015 or
at:

scover@mainetoday.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: PROFILING THE CABINET THIS STORY IS PART OF A MAINETODAY MEDIA SERIES
PROFILING GOV. PAUL LEPAGE'S CABINET APPOINTMENTS.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 MaineToday Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              690 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 18, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

THE RELIABLE SOURCE

Ann Gerhart; Anne Groer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. D03; THE RELIABLE SOURCE

LENGTH: 637 words


A Posterior for Posterity

Washington seems to breed awards: Sen.  Bill Proxmire's Golden Fleece for
government waste; morals maven Bill Bennett's Silver Sewer for cultural filth.

Comes now the bronze: Norman Lear's Equine Posterior, designed by artist Robert
Rauschenberg, cast by Robert Graham (Anjelica Huston's husband, not the Florida
senator) and bestowed by the liberal advocacy group Lear heads, People for the
American Way.

The new award honors that leader "whose abilities to misrepresent an issue,
manipulate his/her followers and pander to our baser instincts, reach such
ridiculous levels that we don't know whether to laugh or cry."

And the first winner: Rep. Ernie Istook (R-Okla.), for sponsoring the
constitutional Religious Freedom Amendment. Lear chose Istook because his bill
paves the way for prayer in school. The Judiciary Committee has approved the
bill; a full House vote is not scheduled. Humorist Molly Ivins will present the
sculpture at a lunch today at the Grand Hyatt downtown. Comic Paula Poundstone
will accept it.

Poor Istook wasn't notified, let alone invited. Worse yet, Lear absolutely won't
give the lawmaker the 10-inch-high bronze, which sports a straw tail.

"It's a Rauschenberg, for God's sake. Do you know how much it's worth?" asked
Lear. Thousands of dollars, no doubt, which means the House Ethics Committee
probably wouldn't let Istook keep it anyway. Lear says he'll offer the horse's
"patootie" to an Oklahoma museum.

In the spirit of reciprocity, we can only hope Istook gives Lear a suitable
award.

The Rockin' Wonks

Bill Bennett wailing on air guitar? Judy Woodruff belting out a '60s hit? Who
says Washington doesn't rock? The benefit for Best Friends, which fosters
self-esteem and abstinence in adolescent girls, was billed as "Do You Remember
When Rock Was Young?" And on Friday night at the Four Seasons in Georgetown,
clearly everyone did, reports The Post's Sylvia Randall. There was Colin Powell,
slicking a comb through his hair a la Edd "Kookie" Byrnes. And there was
Bennett, challenging America Online's Steve Case to a mock rumble as the pair
squared off in a celebrity "Name That Tune," emceed by deejay Donnie Simpson.
Which ended in -- yes! -- an audience sing-along of "Stand by Me." (But when the
general started to warble, Bennett drew the line: "We must protect the viability
of this man's public life," he declared solemnly.)

A Grade-A Choice?

Today is the NAACP Back-to-School/ Stay-in-School Program National Day of
Perfect Attendance. Chapters around the country are rallying for dropout
prevention. And the basketball star who is the face of the campaign? Not Grant
Hill, who spent four years at Duke. Not Rookie of the Year Tim Duncan, who spent
four years at Wake Forest. It's the Lakers' Kobe Bryant, 19, who skipped college
to go directly to the NBA.

We thought that made him an ill-considered choice to pitch an NAACP education
program, but Adrienne Watson doesn't see it that way. "Frankly, he is the most
popular teenager around," said Watson, who coordinates the programs. "He is a
scholar. He has the image we would like our young people to mimic. And he goes
to school in the off-season."

Well, not quite. The only roster Bryant shows up on is the Lakers'. Last summer
Bryant took a UCLA course in Italian, a language in which he already is fluent,
having lived in Italy while his father played pro basketball. "It was advanced
Italian," said a spokeswoman in Bryant's agent's office. This summer he might
take another, "depending on his other obligations."

Bryant, who graduated from high school with honors and got 1100 on his SAT,
signed on to the NAACP program, said the spokeswoman, because "he thinks he can
add something and he didn't drop out of high school and he got good grades."


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, rich lipski; Photo, ap/wilfredo lee; Photo, courtesy of people
for the american way, The Equine Posterior award: The winner doesn't get it.
British Ambassador Sir Christopher Meyer, left, dubs Bob Hope an honorary knight
at a ceremony at the British Embassy last night. On hand to watch Hope become a
Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, in
recognition of his entertainment career, were his wife, Dolores, three of their
children, some grandchildren and friends. The comedian turns 95 on May 29.
"There are other things in life much more important than just making money, and
having made a lot, I'm qualified to speak about it." -- Media mogul Ted Turner,
speaking at Virginia Commonwealth University's commencement Saturday in
Richmond.  Onetime student Kobe Bryant.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post

                              691 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                             May 4, 2006, Thursday

Letters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 634 words


Iran has not violated the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty

In your May 1 editorial, "Subterfuge over Iran's centrifuges," Iran is falsely
accused of "breaking its NPT obligations." Not so. Iran's peaceful nuclear
program is pursued within the framework of the NPT, and even the latest IAEA
chief's report acknowledges that Iran's enrichment facilities are covered by the
Iran-IAEA Safeguard Agreement.

Hence, your comparison of Iran, which has denounced nuclear weapons as amoral
and not in the country's national security interests, with other countries,
which in the past declared their pursuit of nuclear weapons, is inapt.

The real subterfuge over Iran's nuclear program is by the US, which
misrepresents its peaceful nature, in order to gain regional dominance in the
oil-rich region.

Mohammad M.A. Mohammadi

Press secretary, Iranian mission to the United Nations

New York

Editor's note: In February, the International Atomic Energy Agency voted 27-3 to
report Iran's program to the UN Security Council. On March 29, the Council asked
Iran to suspend its enrichment-related activities, cooperate with the IAEA, and
implement the Additional Protocol. Iran has refused these obligations.

Healthy diet, healthy kids

Regarding the May 2 article, "Overweight kids: Schools take action": It is
comforting to hear that some schools are putting into practice the lip service
we all hear everywhere.

For six years, I taught elementary school in the South Bronx, N.Y. - a poor
area. I experienced food that was of indescribably poor quality, and I saw the
effect it had on my students. Then I worked for South Pasadena Unified School
District in California and saw the same diet replicated for the children and
staff of a well-to-do population.

How is it that we have so little respect for one of the essential needs of life?
We seem truly out of touch and use the excuse of not having the time to eat well
as a way out.

If people cannot see the relationship between a delicious and healthy diet and
good health, they have a lot to learn.

Donald Warriner

Glendale, Calif.

Technology made to last

I enjoyed Giles Slade's May 2 Opinion piece, "Technology made to be broken." I
remember way back in 1978 when my own father gave me a wonderful (and very
expensive, at the time) Omega Accutron watch for the very same reasons - to show
I was grown up enough to take responsibility for meeting deadlines, etc.
Unfortunately, I lost the watch shortly after at a football celebration. I still
regret losing something that had so much meaning.

While I'm middle aged now, and also carry the trappings of modern society (an
MP3 player, cellphone, etc.), I miss the simplicity of that quality, elegant,
and oh-so-adult timepiece. If I were Mr. Slade, I'd buy my son one. He'll want
it later, if not now.

Mark Reed

Fort Stewart, Ga.

Referencing New Orleans correctly

Regarding your April 27 editorial, "In Big Easy, a race for mayoral competence":
As a former New Orleanian, I wish the news media would stop calling New Orleans
the "Big Easy." That is the name of a movie that is about an area outside New
Orleans.

The correct "nickname" is "Crescent City." Or how about just New Orleans?
Everyone in New Orleans finds the "Big Easy" very offensive.

Annette Bigler

Lexington, Ky.

The Monitor welcomes your letters and opinion articles. Because of the volume of
mail we receive, we can neither acknowledge nor return unpublished submissions.
All submissions are subject to editing. Letters must be signed and include your
mailing address and telephone number. Any letter accepted will appear in print
and on our website, www.csmonitor.com.

Mail letters to 'Readers Write,' and opinion articles to Opinion Page, One
Norway St., Boston, MA 02115, or fax to (617) 450-2317, or e-mail to
oped(at)csps.com.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                              692 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 18, 1999, Sunday, Home Edition

BRIEFLY

BYLINE: FROM STAFF AND NEWS SERVICES

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 5F

LENGTH: 600 words

Woman denies she posed as U.S. soccer star

A Fort Collins, Colo., woman who posed as a member of the U.S. women's soccer
team and wore Brandi Chastain's gold medal at Mile High Stadium this week claims
she did nothing wrong.

Deanna Felde showed up at Mile High on Tuesday during a men's soccer game with a
World Cup jersey on her back, Chastain's medal around her neck and a baseball
cap drawn down low over her eyes.

Fans thought Felde was Chastain's teammate, Kristine Lilly, and she even signed
autographs and threw World Cup T-shirts into the crowd before officials figured
out she was not Lilly and ordered her back to her seat.

Felde, a volunteer for the women's team who said she worked in the locker room
during the July 11 championship game at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif. ,
later went to Fort Collins police on her own accord.

''She stated that she just got caught up in the moment, and it just kept
snowballing and she didn't know how to get out of it,'' officer Kim Steffen said
in report.

''It's a big misunderstanding,'' Felde said. ''I didn't misrepresent anyone.
It's just a matter of circumstances.''

Felde told police that immediately after the women's soccer championship, she
heard Chastain say she couldn't find her medal, and that she later noticed a
medal in her own bag.

Felde said she went to Tuesday's match between the U.S. men's team and Britain's
Derby County because she had heard that women's soccer team members would be
there and thought she could return the medal to Chastain.

People simply mistook her for Lilly, she said.

''I never said I was on the team or introduced myself as anybody,'' Felde said,
adding that she wore the medal around her neck because she'd had it in her
pocket earlier and it had fallen out.

Felde told police she mailed the medal back to the coach of the women's team in
a yellow envelope with four stamps on it. But the whereabouts of the medal were
unknown.

MORE SOCCER
Gragg's four goals lead Classics
Kerry Gragg, the leading scorer in W-league soccer, scored four goals to lead
the Atlanta Classics over the host Jacksonville Jade 6-2. Sara Burkett scored
the other two goals for Atlanta, which improved to 8-5, second in the Southern
Conference. The Classics' next game is at 7:30 p.m. Saturday against the
Charlotte Speed at Adams Stadium. . . . Miguel Zepeda's goal in the 87th minute
gave Mexico a 2-1 victory over Chile in the third-place game of the Copa America
tournament in Asuncion, Paraguay.

HORSE RACING
Yes It's True takes Laurel Dash
Yes It's True solidified his standing as the country's top sprinter, driving
late to beat Good And Tough by three-quarters of a length in the $ 300,000 Frank
J. DeFrancis Memorial Dash at Laurel.  . . .  Jockey Richard Migliore broke his
right arm in a spill in the third race at Belmont Park. Migliore's mount,
J.Carson, broke down in his left foreleg nearing the stretch. Native Guide,
ridden by Ariel Smith, could not avoid the fallen horse and appeared to step on
Migliore. J. Carson was destroyed on the track. Smith was treated and released
at North Shore University Hospital.

COLLECTIBLES
Floored by display
The floor that Michael Jordan scored his final basket on will be displayed
during The National this week at the World Congress Center. A 45-feet long, by
16 feet wide, section of the floor from Salt Lake City's Delta Center, in which
the Bulls defeated the Utah Jazz for the 1998 NBA title on Jordan's shot, will
be displayed along with the backboard and basket. For information, call toll
free at 1-877-562-8466.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                              693 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           February 6, 2013 Wednesday

Reform state insurance company to help stabilize Florida's economy

BYLINE: David Christian, DAVID CHRISTIAN

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 538  words


Did you know there are more than 4 million non-Citizens policyholders throughout
Florida? These homeowners live in the Panhandle, Jacksonville, Orlando, Tampa,
Ft. Myers and even South Florida. They represent more than 70 percent of insured
homeowners. Are you part of the majority?

I ask this question because, in addition to paying 100 percent of their own
insurance premium, it is the majority of Floridians who are required by law to
help subsidize Citizens' policyholders. Just like the more than 4 million
Floridians, all businesses, charities, religious institutions, renters,
automobile policyholders, local governments and school boards are also
subsidizing Citizens Property Insurance Corp.

The headlines of many media reports continually misrepresent the real issue, by
incorporating phrases about unpopular rate hikes and the need for rate caps to
protect Floridians. While a handful of Florida's elected leaders may feel the
need to defend their constituents -- because Citizens is currently the only
viable insurance option in their neighborhood -- it is time for the majority of
the Florida Legislature to realize that the current structure of Citizens, as
well as the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund, is not what works best for all
Floridians.

Last month, Sen. David Simmons, R-Maitland, chair of the Senate Banking and
Insurance Committee, requested in writing meaningful property solutions for the
state from businesses and concerned citizens. Various ideas were submitted, and
the Senate Banking and Insurance Committee is working to develop legislation to
address the consequences the majority of Floridians -- including all businesses,
charities, religious institutions, renters, automobile policyholders, local
governments and school boards -- will potentially face in the wake of the next
major storm. It is bad enough the majority are still paying hurricane tax
subsidies to Citizens from the storms of 2004 and 2005. There is no question
legislation must be put in place to better protect our interests this upcoming
storm season.

If you are part of the majority, we encourage you to reach out to your locally
elected leaders and voice your support for changes to the government-run
Citizens and Cat Fund. Recent Florida Chamber of Commerce polling data shows
that 73 percent of Citizens policyholders would be willing to pay 3 percent more
for their policy in order to reduce their maximum assessment to 15 percent in
the case of a major catastrophe. Since the majority of Citizens policyholders
are amenable to changes, the Florida Legislature should create and pass
legislation that reflects this willingness.

From reducing the risk associated with hurricane taxes, to returning Citizens
back to its intended role as insurer of last resort, to developing effective
mitigation policy, we have options and the ability to correct the state's
ongoing property insurance debate. To secure Florida's future and make Florida
more competitive, the Florida Chamber of Commerce believes the time to
reinvigorate the private market and better protect the majority of Floridians is
now.

Christian is vice president of government affairs for the Florida Chamber of
Commerce. He can be

reached at

dchristian@flchamber.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2013 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2013 News-Journal Corporation

                              694 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 3, 2009 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Illinois investment firm exec admits to Petters-case charge

BYLINE: VINCE TUSS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 222 words


A top accounting executive at an Illinois investment firm with ties to Wayzata
businessman Tom Petters and Petters Co. Inc. pleaded guilty Wednesday to one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, the U.S. attorney's office said.

Harold Alan Katz, 42, a vice president of finance and accounting for Lancelot
Investment Management in Chicago, entered the plea before U.S. District Judge
Paul Magnuson in St. Paul. Katz faces up to five years in prison.

The plea comes as part of an agreement, the U.S. attorney's office said. In a
statement, it described a scheme by Lancelot officials to misrepresent investors
and potential investors about the company's investments with Petters Co. Inc.
Katz admitted conspiring to make 86 fraudulent banking transactions to give the
impression that Petters Co. was paying promissory notes on time, the U.S.
attorney's office said. Also, it said Katz admitted creating a spreadsheet to
show investors that the notes had been paid.

Lancelot founder and owner Gregory Bell was charged in July with wire fraud and
money laundering. Bell, 44, is accused of defrauding investors and helping Tom
Petters by moving large amounts of money to and from Petters Co. Inc.

The U.S. attorney's office is asking people who lost money investing in Lancelot
to call the FBI's Minneapolis office at 612-573-6366.

VINCE TUSS

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              695 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 21, 2008 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Dealer Accused of Selling Banned Munitions to Army

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 684 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The 22-year-old president of a Miami Beach arms-dealing company and three other
people were charged Friday with selling prohibited Chinese ammunition to the
Pentagon to supply Afghan security forces, federal officials said.

A federal grand jury in Miami indicted the munitions dealer, Efraim E. Diveroli,
president of AEY Inc., as well as two former employees and a business associate,
on charges of fraud and conspiring to misrepresent the types of ammunition they
sold to the Defense Department as part of a $298 million Army contract.

According to the indictment, Mr. Diveroli, his colleagues and the company sought
''to unjustly enrich themselves'' by shipping aged Chinese rifle cartridges to
Afghanistan after claiming they were made in Albania. The Army contract and
American law prohibit trading in Chinese arms.

A lawyer for Mr. Diveroli in Miami, Howard Srebnick, disputed the accusations in
an e-mail message, saying that the American ban applies only to Chinese arms
bought after 1989, in response to the crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in
Tiananmen Square, and that AEY bought ammunition from Albania that was
manufactured in China in the 1960s and 1970s.

The charges cap a federal criminal investigation that began last year into the
dealings of the fledgling company and its group of 20-something executives. The
American military relied on them to be a principal supplier of ammunition to the
Afghan security forces.

In March, the Army suspended Mr. Diveroli and the company from future federal
contracts, contending that he sent a different shipment of Chinese cartridges to
Afghanistan after certifying that they were made in Hungary. A month later, the
State Department suspended the company's international export activities,
blocking its other business.

''This is a sobering development,'' Representative Henry A. Waxman, a California
Democrat who leads the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said in
a statement on Friday. ''The more we learn about AEY, the more questions we
have.''

Before the charges were announced, the committee had said it would hold a
hearing next Tuesday on AEY's activities.

In addition to Mr. Diveroli, the indictment on Friday named David Packouz, a
licensed massage therapist who is AEY's former vice president; Alexander
Podrizki, the company's former representative in Albania; and Ralph Merrill, a
business associate of Mr. Diveroli in Utah who gave the company financial and
managerial assistance.

A lawyer for Mr. Packouz, Ken Kukec, declined to comment on the charges.  Mr.
Merrill did not return telephone calls, and Mr. Podrizki could not be reached
for comment by late Friday.

In January 2007, the Army awarded AEY a contract, potentially worth $298
million, that made it the primary munitions supplier for Afghan security forces
in the fight against Al Qaeda and the Taliban.

According to the indictment, the contract required AEY to certify that it was
providing ''serviceable and safe ammunition.'' The Army contract also banned
supplying ammunition acquired ''directly or indirectly from a Communist Chinese
military company.''

But the charges accuse the AEY employees and the associate of providing
''instructions and guidance'' on how to remove Chinese markings from the
ammunition, to conceal its origins. With each shipment to Afghanistan, the
charges say, Mr. Diveroli falsely certified that the Chinese rifle and
machine-gun cartridges were manufactured in Albania.

Federal authorities said that based on these false submissions, the Army paid
AEY about $10.3 million for 35 shipments of Chinese ammunition.

An examination by The New York Times earlier this year uncovered documents from
Albania that showed that AEY bought more than 100 million Chinese cartridges
that had been stored for decades in former cold war stockpiles. Mr. Diveroli
then arranged to have them repacked in cardboard boxes, many of which split or
decomposed after shipment to the war zones. Different lots or types of
ammunition were mixed. In some cases the ammunition was dirty, corroded or
covered with a film.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Efraim E. Diveroli, president of AEY Inc., was indicted Friday
by a federal grand jury. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company

                              696 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  October 16, 2002 Wednesday Marshall Edition

Chocola: 'Bad checks' show character of Long Thompson;
She points to Cheney, Hastert, says probe cleared all three of any wrongdoing

BYLINE: By JACK COLWELL; Tribune Political Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1; VOTE '02

LENGTH: 715 words


SOUTH BEND -- The candidates for Congress in Indiana's 2nd District revisited
the House Bank scandal of a decade ago and agreed on one thing Tuesday in
dueling news conferences: "It is a question of character."

Republican Chris Chocola went on TV with a new ad, saying Democrat Jill Long
Thompson "wrote 21 bad checks" on an account at the now-defunct House Bank and
that this raises "a question of character."

Chocola unveiled the new TV spot at a Tuesday afternoon news conference. He
cited a House Ethics Committee finding that Long Thompson had 21 check
overdrafts.

And Long Thompson responded quickly, holding a news conference to note that Vice
President Dick Cheney, who had been in the House at the time of the 1992 ethics
investigation, was on the list for 25 checks and House Speaker Dennis Hastert
was listed for 44 overdrafts.

"Mr. Chocola is known for running ugly campaigns," Long Thompson said. "It is a
question of character.

"When you misrepresent your opponent as he did with (present U.S. Rep.) Tim
Roemer and me, it is wrong," the Democratic nominee added.

Long Thompson insisted that she "never wrote a bad check in my life" and that
the sloppy operation of the bank should not cause Republicans such as Cheney and
Hastert to be viewed as bad-check writers and neither should she.

The Ethics Committee did cite 22 House members, some with over 800 overdraft
checks and even actual bounced checks, for abuse of their privileges at the
House Bank, according to Congressional Quarterly. No member of Congress from
Indiana was on the list. Neither were Cheney or Hastert.

The bank had operated in a loose sort of way, not like a commercial bank, with
overdrawn checks simply ignored without penalty and deposits of congressional
pay not always entered in a timely way. Overdraft problems involved 325 sitting
and former members covered in the 1992 report.

Long Thompson displayed her bank statements from the time on a table at her
headquarters and said there had been no indication from the bank that there had
been any overdrafts. She, like many other members cited at the time, said they
didn't realize there was a problem at the bank.

Others, however, apparently knew full well of the loose procedures and used them
to gain, in effect, interest-free loans over lengthy periods of time.

Chocola said he was not questioning the character of Cheney or Hastert, both of
whom came to the district to campaign for him, because he assumed they took
responsibility at the time.

He cited news articles and an editorial from the Fort Wayne Journal-Gazette to
contend that Long Thompson had sought to oppose full disclosure of the bank
problem and had contended initially that there were but two overdrafts in her
account.

At the time, Long Thompson represented the Fort Wayne-centered 4th District. She
served in Congress from that district for nearly six years, winning a special
election in 1989, winning re-election in 1990 and 1992 and being defeated in
1994.

Long Thompson said she did not recall details from the Fort Wayne newspaper
items but cited recorded votes she cast in favor of measures to abolish the
bank, to disclose members who abused the bank and then to disclose every member
who wrote checks with insufficient funds.

One of the Fort Wayne newspaper items Chocola distributed at his news conference
was a column by Sylvia Smith, then and now the paper's Washington correspondent.

Smith wrote: "Long (her last name before she was married) waited 48 hours before
discussing the Ethics Committee's findings with a reporter; it was frustrating
at the time, but not unfair that she wanted to comb her records before
discussing them. As squirminess goes, Long comes out pretty good. Let's give her
a Squirm Factor of 1."

Other Hoosier House members were nailed with worse "factors" in the column.

In another Fort Wayne article, Smith wrote that the congresswoman initially
thought the Ethics Committee total for her was too high -- should have been two
overdrafts -- but expressed regret at ever having used the bank.

The editorial disagreed with what it said was her contention at that point that
exposure should be limited to those guilty of a pattern of abuse.

Staff writer Jack Colwell:

jcolwell@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6353


LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                              697 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 12, 2001, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

For peace, Israel should end the occupation

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1991 words



On June 5, the Times published an editorial  with the headline Last chance for
Arafat, to which my only reaction was shock and dismay. It simply boggles the
mind how such a responsible news outlet can misrepresent an entire conflict by
choosing to ignore reality. Unfortunately, this has become characteristic of
much of the American media, calling into question what conflict it is actually
watching.

One exception, however, has been columnist Bill Maxwell, who on June 3 wrote a
brilliant column, which I suggest the editors use for future reference.

The editorial suggests that it is Yasser Arafat who holds the keys to peace in
the region, and by condoning the current violence, he is not fulfilling his
responsibility as leader of the Palestinians. Never mind the fact that Arafat is
seemingly a leader only in the eyes of the American and Israeli governments, or
the fact that he has about as much control over the Palestinians as President
Bush has over his children, the crux of the issue repeatedly has been neglected.

The international community, including the United States, has recognized that
Israel is an occupying force in lands that simply do not belong to it. In fact,
U.N. Security Council Resolution 242 calls for the immediate and unconditional
withdrawal from these lands. Instead, it has subjected the occupied Palestinians
to military rule, economic suffocation and apartheid policies, to which those of
the old South Africa pale in comparison.

The "remarkable restraint" of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon that the editorial has
lauded comes in stark contradiction to actual events. Just days ago and for the
first time in history, F-16 fighter jets were used against civilian targets,
supposedly to counter an act of terrorism. Granted, terrorism is inexcusable in
all cases, but if the United States were to follow Israel's lead, American
fighter planes should be dropping bombs on Wichita, Kan. - the hometown of
Timothy McVeigh. Perhaps the editors should clarify that by "remarkable
restraint," they were probably referring to Sharon's disinclination toward
bringing nuclear weapons into the conflict, since he has all but done that up to
this stage.

Ultimately, it is the imperious aggressor in all situations that must take the
first step toward achieving peace. In this case, Israel must respect
international law and end the occupation, along with the unjust and inhumane
treatment of the Palestinian people once and for all. Peace demands no less.

Abdullah Al-Arian, Tampa

Understanding what is wrong

Re: Tonys and terrorism, letter, June 7.

The letter writer, speaking of the recent "20 innocents" who died in Israel,
says he is not sure what is wrong and he is not sure what can be made different.
If he would really like to know what is wrong and how things can be made
different, he should go and live under the brutal Israeli occupation that is
considered illegal by most of the world, including the United States, and he
would find out very fast why people are willing to die rather than live under
it.

He would also find out that many more innocents on the other side of this tragic
situation have died and have been severely injured trying to defend their lands,
homes and lives.

Lujean Rogers, Oldsmar

Better off without Board of Regents

  I have read, with a mix of both laughter and sadness, the recent deluge of
articles concerning the abolition of our state Board of Regents. It comes as no
surprise to me, as someone who has seen the workings of the board up close for
two years, that there are those who wish to see it dissolved. It also comes as
no surprise that there are those, mainly from the ideological left, who are
steadfast in their support of an organization that has become an overinflated,
megalomaniacal and burdensome sacred cow to the liberal establishment in
Florida.

Case in point: While attending a Florida Student Association annual meeting in
the fall of 1998, the then chancellor, Charles Reed, stated that Florida
universities do not cost enough to attend. He went on further to state that
while our educational achievements in science, math, chemistry, art and many
other subjects are nationally recognized, it just does not cost students enough
each year to go to our universities. Therefore, the board was raising tuition.

I do not believe that it is up to the taxpayers of Florida to finance every
student in the state system. However, this action is the very sort of thing the
board is famous for. In this case, it decided to raise tuition, not because the
members felt it would add services or degree programs, but just "because we want
to get on par with the national average in cost per student."

This is just one of many instances where the board is hopelessly out of touch
with the vast differences in schools, both secondary and post-secondary. The
Florida Board of Regents is another sponge through which the water of
appropriations flow. It is an entity created to use money, to decide where money
goes, after it receives that money, from a legislative body, designated to
allocate money! The board, therefore, became the greatest example of a
government program originating in the department of redundancy department.

     I applaud Gov. Jeb Bush for recognizing that the millions upon millions
spent each year simply to operate the board and have it meet in all 10 cities
where our universities are located, can be better spent in the classroom on the
students who need it and not serve to make a few liberals feel good.

Fred Piccolo Jr., University of Central Florida representative

to the Florida Student Association, '98-'00, St. Petersburg

Accountability for criminals

Re: When life means life, June 3.

  The upshot of this article? Those who are in prison for life will never ever
commit another crime, will never assault, hurt, or kill a member of society.

That's a good thing.

The pity, of course, is all these wasted lives. But as a society, we must be
firm in our resolve: If you commit a crime, you will do the time. It is a simple
matter of accountability for one's actions. We must never waiver from this as it
will send a signal to criminals that they can continue down the path of
criminality knowing they will leave prison and commit crimes again.

You can talk about rehabilitation all you want, but recidivism rates for violent
crimes are very high. I'd rather the state keep them locked up than take the
personal risk of a chance encounter with any of them.

My only hope is that all parents/guardians of young kids grab this article, make
their kids read it and then spend several hours discussing the implications of
these violent actions. They should then spend the next several weekends visiting
jails and police departments to see firsthand what goes on.

One last thing, rather than run an article like this in an attempt to elicit
pity for these "lifers," why doesn't the Times run articles on the shattered
lives of the families of the victims who suffered at the hands of these
criminals?

It seems we place more importance on the rights of the criminal. How about
placing some emphasis on what effect those criminals' actions have had on the
dozens of people left behind to deal with the upheaval of their personal lives,
their horrible loss of a loved family member and the shattered dreams of never
seeing their loved ones at Christmas, birthdays, anniversaries, graduations,
etc?

Vilmar Tavares, Spring Hill

No sympathy

On Memorial Day we paid respect to those young men and women who gave their all
to save this country for us.

Then on June 3 the Times ran a sympathetic front-page story about murdering
children who now must pay for their actions. Those children made decisions that
caused others such great pain. We must all pay for our actions, and the children
in your story all knew they were thinking only of themselves.

Your story brought no sympathy at all from me. I threw the paper on the floor in
disgust over your giving such prominent coverage to bad actions of these young
criminals.

Marilyn Termeer, Clearwater

Stop focusing on painkiller

The articles on OxyContin's illegal use create a teapot tempest and serve no
constructive purpose. Authorities, and especially the press, should realize the
average patient with chronic pain finds it extremely difficult to obtain a
prescription for any of the opioids, oxycodone, hydracodone (Vicodin) or
OxyContin from average family practice or internist physicians who fear patient
addiction, official criticism, license jeopardy, etc., and, hence, refuse the
drug.

Recently I read articles in the Times about OxyContin's efficiency as a
time-controlled pain medicine, the potent "high" and deaths caused by its
intentional misuse (People in pain fear OxyContin backlash, May 27; Pain pill
abuses increase, May 21; OxyContin deaths on rise, May 3). These stories
included instruction in how to get an illegal OxyContin "intense high" - very
helpful to kids everywhere. Congratulations, Times, for printing this "news."
OxyContin now may be curious teens' possible newest "high" or painless suicide
weapon.

Authorities trying to cope with drug use of all kinds must realize pharmacy drug
theft and forged prescriptions have always been problems with any drug that has
a "high" potential. Quaaludes are an example. Other products commonly misused to
get "high" are model-airplane glue, benzene, paint, Sterno, etc. Should they be
removed from the market? Authorities should not restrict opioids and,
specifically, OxyContin prescriptions because of these problems, nor should they
intimidate pharmacists or physicians who try to make life livable for patients
suffering chronic pain. Living every day with intense pain is a fate to be
wished on no one.

If OxyContin is proscribed for the average physician, or so severely restricted
to "pain-management specialists" or withdrawn from the market, thousands,
perhaps millions of American chronic intense-pain sufferers who desperately need
enough relief to be able to do even light work for a living will be devastated
because of a comparatively few "high" cravers jousting with death.

It may not be too late, editors, to downplay the bleeding-heart articles
critical of physicians prescribing other opioids, OxyContin or its possible
danger. Unnecessary adverse publicity can cause authorities dealing with the
misuse problem to take the easy cop-out - limit its use to a few specialists or,
worse, take it off the market.

If the rest of the press and the Times editors have any common sense (doubtful),
now is the time to exhibit it. Chill out.

R.W. Grant, Weeki Wachee

A lucky family

Re: The Baby Bunch, June 3.

I just wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed the article by Dave Scheiber. I
laughed and laughed. He made me remember my experiences giving birth.

This family is very lucky. You can feel the love as he writes. I am very happy
for them, and wish them all well with the birth of this next child. Please keep
him writing; we need more writers like this.

Sue Jennings, Largo

Share your opinions

Letters for publication should be addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box
1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731. They also can be sent by fax to (727) 893-8675.
They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number. Please include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be published.

  For e-mail users: Letters can be sent by e-mail to letters@sptimes.com.
E-mail messages must be text only and cannot include attachments. If you're
using a word processing program to write the message, you must use its "Save as"

 function to save it as a text file, then import it into your e-mail program.
Please include your return e-mail address, as well as your name, mailing address
and phone number, in the text of the message.


LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON, DON ADDIS; An older woman stands in front of a door labeled
"victims from the forties" and next to her "Das Post" mailbox waiting for a
delivery while a younger woman wearing a USA t-shirt stands next to her U.S.
Mail mailbox and says, "I'm expecting a tax rebate myself, So I know how it is.
Don't you just hate long waits?

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company

                              698 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 17, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

JOHN ZORN;
Ignoring the Music

SECTION: Section 2; Page 4; Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 267 words



To the Editor:

Reading the first paragraphs of Adam Shatz's poorly thought out, poorly
researched article about "downtown jazz" musicians' search for "ethnicity" (no
definitions offered), I saw no real reason to com
plain. He merely consigned a handful of musicians to neat little boxes as he
labored toward his point about "borrowing" in music -- a phenomenon that has
been around for centuries.

When the piece turned into a 10-paragraph attack on John Zorn (a close friend
and colleague), I realized I was wrong. An article that purported to be about
music had veered into an examination of the validity of Mr. Zorn's interest in
Jewish culture and identity, expressing a disbelief that there could be anything
more than empty posturing behind it. Mr. Shatz ignores the music and
misrepresents Mr. Zorn's views without having even spoken to him.

Nowhere is the spirit of celebration in Mr. Zorn's look at Jewishness. Gone is
the sense of questioning and examination and his encouragement of others to do
the same.

And how important this article could have been! There is an incredible wealth of
new music being created by young musicians seeking to broaden their vocabularies
by studying cultures and musics that inspire them. Why not talk about Steve
Coleman, Matt Darriau, Jerome Harris, Steve Turre, Miya Masaoka, Oscar Noriega,
Anthony Coleman, Graham Haynes, Frank London and so many others? I am baffled as
to how this article arrived in such negative, divisive territory.

DAVE DOUGLAS
Brooklyn

The writer, a trumpeter, is a member of John Zorn's group Masada.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John Zorn performing at the Learning Alliance in 1996. (Jack
Vartoogian)

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              699 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 6, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Gays, opponents engage in a war of video images

BYLINE: Debbie Howlett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 505 words


The videotape shows seven men in flowered dresses, wigs and thick support hose -
The Church Ladies - singing "God is a lesbian" to the tune of My Country 'Tis of
Thee.

"We tried to capture on film what the homosexual movement is asking the American
people and Congress to accept," says Christian Action Network's Martin Mawyer.

But gay activists claim the videotape - "raw footage" from the April 25 March on
Washington distributed to congressional offices Wednesday - misrepresents their
movement.

"The right wing definitely intends to demonize our community,"
says Nadine Smith, one of the march organizers.    The videotape,

"Gay March '93: What You Didn't See on Network TV," is the latest in a battle to
shape the way gay men and lesbians are portrayed to
America.    How important is image?

It's paramount, says Dick Clurman, an expert on media and society based at
Columbia University. "The whole movement could have been trashed if the media
had concentrated on the extremes (at the march)," he says.

But Clurman won't criticize the media for "sanitizing" the march by downplaying
drag queens and other fringe elements.

"If you go for the sensational in any movement you risk mischaracterizing the
whole movement," Clurman says.

The fight to shape the image of gay men and lesbians has several fronts:

Congressional hearings on gays in the military show opposing images: one of gay
men and lesbians who are fit to serve, the other of an element of society that
will weaken the military.

Four videotapes have been released since January, two by gay
activists and two by religious groups.    Mawyer plans to present

his group's videotape to members of Congress, governors of all 50 states,
Supreme Court justices, and ministers nationwide.

The video repeatedly wedged a clip of New York Mayor David Dinkins saying, "The
country doesn't belong to Christians," between such scenes as a man
demonstrating how to use a condom with a sex toy and transvestite RuPaul in red,
white and blue hot pants.

"We showed much of what the media could not, or would not,
show," says Mawyer.    Such sentiment has widespread support among

conservatives and evangelicals.

"Unless Americans can get some idea of the range of that conduct, it's hard for
them to make a legitimate decision," says Gary Bauer of the Family Research
Council.

The debate is also raging within the gay community. Rich Tasel of the Log Cabin
Federation, a group of 6,000 gay Republicans, spoke out when Billy Hileman, a
march organizer, wore a T-shirt and leather vest to meet with President Clinton
the week before the march on Washington.

"It's very important for the gay community to set down some clear images of
itself," says Tasel. "Certain behavior is inappropriate at certain times and in
certain places."

Smith, a march organizer, disagrees: "The people they think are offensive and
bizarre were the first people to fight back for gay rights."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Christian Action Network; PHOTO, b/w

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              700 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Seafirst Wins Round in Court

                             April 4, 1988, Monday


SEATTLE-First National Bank emerged victorious in the first phase of a battle to
collect on a $55 million directors' liability policy issued by National Union
Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh in 1982.

A six-member jury in U.S. district court in Seattle rejected National Union's
contention that Seafirst's management had covered up the bank's financial
difficulties in September 1982 on the application for the policy.

The verdict sets the stage for a second trial, during which Seafirst will try to
prove that National Union acted in bad faith in rejecting the claim. Seafirst
would be entitled to double the policy limits, or $110 million, if it can prove
that case.

National Union indicated that it is likely to appeal the jury's verdict.  "Our
case was based on the strong belief that Seafirst did in fact misrepresent and
conceal many important facts in applying for the insurance policy," a
spokeswoman said.

The lawsuits grew out of Seafirst's near collapse because of sour energy loans
it had acquired in the early 1980s from Penn Square Bank, Oklahoma City.  Penn
Square failed in 1982.

In 1985, Seafirst obtained a $110 million judgment for mismanagement from former
officers.  But it agreed to enforce the judgment on insurance carriers only.
CNA Insurance Co., Chicago, which underwrote primary directors' coverage, paid a
claim.  But National Union argued that Seafirst had misrepresented its financial
condition on the application and refused to pay.

SECTION: NEWS MONDAY; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 249 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.

                              701 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 11, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

DATE RAPE'S OTHER VICTIM

SECTION: Section 6; Page 8; Column 3; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 342 words


Katie Roiphe's article "Date Rape's Other Victim" (June 13) is a perfect example
of backlash thinking. She shifts the responsibility of men who rape to feminists
who are fighting rape. This neat reversal leaves feminists responsible for
"finding" this rape crisis and cynically using it for broader political
purposes.

No one is "finding" a rape crisis. As even the United States Senate Judiciary
Committee concluded in its recent report "Violence Against Women: A Week in the
Life of America," the rape crisis is there. It is being acknowledged because
feminists have, to a certain extent, redefined the cultural landscape so that
"boys will be boys" behavior is no longer seen as the norm.

Instead of examining the stories of women who have been raped, Roiphe grounds
her debate in an abstract academic discussion. We are treated to plots of
18th-century novels, an analysis of women's "agency" and a discussion of "a
compelling narrative structure." Roiphe's article contains no analysis of power
and violence, no accounts of rape from women and no interviews with the
rape-crisis counselors whose views she misrepresents and condemns.

When Roiphe does discuss a concrete point -- the fact that one in four college
women has been the victim of rape or attempted rape -- she dismisses it on the
grounds that some women interviewed about their rape experiences did not
initially define the experience as rape. This analysis obscures the fact that
when discussing loaded topics like rape or death or disease, many of us refer to
these events obliquely. It does not, however, undermine their validity, or the
reality of the events.

Furthermore, Roiphe suggests that date rape is a result of the class and gender
differences between, say, a Southern heiress and the son of a Bronx plumber.
Rape is not miscommunication. It is an act. Feminists do not want rape to be
perpetuated as a red flag or as a call to arms. They want it to end.

DIANE WELSH
President, NOW-NYC ANNE CONNERS Coordinator, Anti-Violence Committee
New York, N.Y.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                              702 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             October 2, 2009 Friday

What to veto? Here's a good start, Governor

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. H

LENGTH: 594 words



HIGHLIGHT: Some real monstrosities lurk in the piles of bills awaiting action by
Schwarzenegger.


 Amid the hundreds of bills from the just-concluded legislative session on Gov.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's desk, awaiting his signature, some are eminently
deserving of his veto, instead.

For example, Assembly Bill 793 is described by the California Chamber of
Commerce and 65 other private and public employer groups as a "job killer."
AB793 would expose employers to unlimited lawsuit liability for decisions about
employees, even years after the fact. Authored by Assemblyman Dave Jones,
D-Sacramento, AB793 would renew the statute of limitations on claims or lawsuits
regarding pay anytime an employee's compensation is "affected," including each
pay day and decisions on hiring, job evaluations and promotions. This
unreasonable expansion of employer liability is an example of how the
Legislature has made California unfriendly to business and consequently less
beneficial for employees, the very constituency this legislation purports to
help.

When it comes to the Legislature's ignoble record of punishing business, AB2
would be another installment. This bill, by Assemblyman Hector De La Torre,
D-South Gate, would drive health insurance premiums higher and force honest
applicants to subsidize liars, who misrepresent or purposely omit information on
their applications to obtain coverage. It's admirable to protect employees from
losing insurance when unintentionally undisclosed medical histories come to
light. But that shouldn't be done at the expense of honest employees, who
effectively would end up subsidizing the dishonest ones, whose coverage couldn't
be canceled despite their deceptions.

AB513 would corrupt health care in a different way. This bill, by Assemblyman
Kevin de Leon, D-Los Angeles, would force insurance companies to cover
"lactation consultants" for new mothers. These types of mandates are at the root
of soaring health care costs by requiring esoteric coverage paid for by the
premiums of people who don't need or want such care.

AB267 by Assemblyman Tom Torlakson, D-Antioch, would create a new, stealthy tax
by allowing education districts to band together in so-called Educational
Finance Districts to form a new type of taxing authority. The bill has the
doubly insidious effects of widening the geographic area on which new taxes can
be imposed while lowering the two-thirds requirement for passage.

The intention of AB286, by Assemblyman Mary Salas, D-Chula Vista, is to fund
deterrence, investigation and prosecution of vehicle thefts, a noble goal. But
it would achieve this by allowing counties to impose a $1 annual vehicle
registration fee and a $2 fee on commercial vehicles without a vote of the
people. A dollar or two may not seem egregious, but once a purported "fee" is
permitted without voter authorization, the next step is to increase it $10 and
$20 after that. The sky's the limit. Taxes, particularly those posing as fees,
should be approved by voters. In California that means a two-thirds majority is
required.

Particularly egregious are costly regulations imposed in the name of limiting
supposedly harmful effects of greenhouse gas emissions, something many
scientists dispute. AB1404, also by Mr. De Leon, shows how the state would
micromanage such mandates. The bill would place further burdensome conditions on
"offsets" used by companies to comply with the state's already burdensome Global
Warming Solutions Act by restricting their ability to choose the most economical
offsets, and preventing competition by out-of-state offset providers. This bill
would add poison to an already noxious concoction.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              703 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            September 8, 2006 Friday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Bush, Crist tout control by GOP;
But the Democrats say problems are ignored, Bush's victories false.

BYLINE: By JOE FOLLICK H-T CAPITAL BUREAU

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BS1

LENGTH: 744 words

DATELINE: HIALEAH


Hoping to become the state's first back-to-back Republican governors,
term-limited Gov. Jeb Bush and GOP candidate Charlie Crist hopped around the
state Thursday with a promise of optimism for the future.

The state's top GOP candidates joined Bush and Crist for the visit to three
cities: Hialeah, Orlando and Jacksonville. Also joining Bush and Crist was Chief
Financial Officer Tom Gallagher. Trounced by Crist in Tuesday's Republican
primary election, Gallagher offered enthusiastic support for Crist in the
November race against Democrat Jim Davis.

Throughout the day, Bush ripped into Davis while Crist maintained an affable
message of conciliation.

"Watching Jim Davis in action is troubling," Bush said. "He better not take it
personal because it's not personal, it's about the future of the state. The guy
doesn't have an interesting idea or doesn't have a thought other than to tear
down what's happened and misrepresent it."

Asked what he thought of Davis, Crist only said, "I agree with him," nodding
toward Bush.

Democrats said Crist was ignoring real problems in the state by celebrating
Bush's false victories.

"In contrast to the status quo platitudes promoted by Katherine Harris and
Charlie Crist, Jim Davis has a clear vision for Florida's future. On everything
from increasing teacher pay to stabilizing skyrocketing property insurance
rates, Jim Davis is going to put government back on the side of Florida's
families," said Mark Bubriski, spokesman for the Florida Democratic Party.

Bush said he is happy he wasn't facing another arduous election, but said he
would be a strong presence in Crist's campaign who is willing to challenge
Davis.

"Charlie's too nice of a guy," Bush joked in Orlando. "We need to teach him when
he's under the boards to use his elbows and knees a little more. He's a
three-point shooter, perhaps."

Crist stayed positive throughout the day, telling more than 100 rowdy fans at
Chico's Restaurant in Hialeah that his campaign was "about the future of the
state called 'La Florida,' the state with the prettiest name, 'covered with
flowers,'" he said.

"I want to be the people's governor," he said. "I invite Republicans, I invite
Democrats, I invite independents. We need all of them to win."

Bush and Crist were mobbed after speaking in Chico's, by fans snapping photos
with cell phone cameras and exhorting both men to aid in the battle to boot
Fidel Castro out of Cuba.

The two men have dramatically different approaches to governing. Bush is a
notorious, hands-on manager with a deep knowledge of minutiae. Crist is a
self-described "happy warrior" who sets a tone and lets his staff handle the
rest. Rather than touting Crist's policy proposals, Bush repeatedly praised
Crist's "hopeful optimism" on Thursday.

Bush said those differences, as well as Crist's disagreements with Jeb in
supporting the status quo on abortion laws as well as the voter-approved mandate
to limit class sizes, don't matter to him after two terms in office.

"It doesn't bother me a bit that we have candidates in the Republican Party that
have different views," he said. "What I look for in a governor, now that I've
been there 71/2years and I have some experience, is what's in their heart: Can
they make the tough decisions? Can they stand on principles? Can they unite
people in a hopeful, optimistic way?"

Joining Bush, Gallagher and Crist on the daylong trip were Chief Financial
Officer candidate Tom Lee, Attorney General candidate Bill McCollum and
incumbent Agricultural Commissioner Charlie Bronson.

Missing from the "Unity Tour" was U.S. Senate candidate Harris. Bush said the
trip, organized by the Republican Party of Florida, was intended to focus on the
governor's and cabinet races.

The Democrats will have their own unity rally today in Tampa. Joining Davis will
be U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson, Chief Financial Officer candidate Alex Sink and
Attorney General candidate Walter "Skip" Campbell. Not on the list of attendees:
Rod Smith, the state senator who lost a close and vitriolic battle to Davis in
this week's primary.

Davis received a boost Thursday when he was endorsed by the state's teachers'
union, the Florida Education Association.

Like Crist, Davis supports smaller class sizes and more pay for teachers. But
the two candidates have differed over the use of the FCAT. Andy Ford, the FEA
president, cited that in his endorsement statement, noting that Davis "believes
that the high-stakes FCAT has been misused in public education."

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2
 Charlie Crist says his campaign for governor is about the state's future. (The
following photo appeared in the Venice edition:) THE ORLANDO SENTINAL/JOE
BURBANK Gov. Jeb Bush, right, welcomes Republican gubernatorial nominee Charlie
Crist to the sage during a rally Thursday in Orlando. The event was part of a
"Unity Tour" for GOP candidates.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              704 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 30, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition

Compiled from staff and wire reports by Eric Brace

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C3; PERSONALITIES

LENGTH: 679 words


Sen. Alan Simpson put in a call to the Personalities column yesterday to talk
about the press he's been receiving since the Clarence Thomas hearings. And he's
not happy. In fact, he's going underground: "I've pulled back from speaking
engagements; I've pulled back from legislating. I'm just going to step back and
keep my mouth shut," he said. He's unhappy at some of the printed reports that
he says misrepresent him because they only tell part of the story. When reminded
that public figures are under constant scrutiny, he said, "You'd be stunned. Let
me tell you about scrutiny." In a calm, sad tone the Wyoming Republican
described his side of tales such as the reported waving of a fist at a
demonstrator in front of the White House. "I didn't see anyone in the street!
Maybe they have cameras on the tops of buildings," he said. Saying that it's
been very painful, after 13 years in the Senate, to be cursed and hounded, he's
decided that he'd "better go underground, rather than be magnificently distorted
into someone your wife and friends don't recognize." Describing treatment of him
by the press as "uncomfortable and unbelievable," Simpson still said, "I'm a big
boy. I can take it. I'll just take it easy for a while."

Buffett's End Run

Although he owns significant shares of several major communications companies,
Warren E. Buffett apparently does not trust reporters when it comes to
disseminating sensitive financial information.

In issuing Salomon Bros. Inc.'s eagerly awaited third-quarter financial
statement yesterday, Buffett went over the heads of the business press by first
publishing the document in big, two-page advertisements in leading newspapers.
Today's figures were the first formal profit numbers issued since Buffett became
chairman in August as a result of a major scandal over the company's illegal
bidding at U.S. Treasury auctions.

"The things that Warren wanted to get across are fairly complex, and fairly
lengthy. It seemed that the appropriate way to do that was to rent some space
and say it," said Robert F. Baker Jr., Salomon's director of corporate
communications.

Asked whether Buffett was deliberately trying to avoid having his words filtered
by reporters, Baker said, "You can draw that inference."

No Goblins for the Quayles

Dan and Marilyn Quayle, the friendly folks on Observatory Circle, will not be
able to receive trick-or-treaters this year as they have in the past. The vice
president and his wife want their neighbors to know they had a previous
commitment in Houston with President Bush, except for which they would certainly
be doling out candy on Halloween. "We are very sad that we are not able to
continue our family tradition of welcoming neighborhood youngsters at our door,"
said Mrs. Quayle. "But we wish all the young ghosts and goblins of Washington a
very happy Halloween."

'Greensleeves' for Graham

The memorial service Monday for rock promoter Bill Graham brought out luminaries
from the entertainment world to pay their respects. Such stars as Atlantic
Records founder Ahmet Ertegun, guitarist Carlos Santana, former basketball star
Bill Walton, salsa star Tito Puente, Rolling Stone magazine founder Jann Wenner,
comedian Dan Aykroyd and scores of musicians were at San Francisco's Temple
Emanu-el to hear tributes from Graham's son David, Grateful Dead drummer Mickey
Hart and the Jefferson Airplane's Paul Kantner. Santana played "I Love You Much
Too Much," a song Graham had chosen for Santana to record. The service ended
with a rendition of "Greensleeves," the song Graham used to play as a farewell
over the loudspeakers at the Fillmore West concert hall as crowds filed out
after a show. "If the object is to leave the world a better place and to have
put more love in the world than you took, well then Bill Graham was a huge
success," rocker Huey Lewis said after the service. Graham, 60, died Friday in a
helicopter crash, along with his companion, Melissa Gold, 48, and pilot Steve
Kahn, 42, after attending a concert by Huey Lewis and the News in Concord,
Calif.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, WARREN BUFFETT.

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              705 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Cassadaga Wind
LLC, has submitted (14-F-0490) 14048_PSS_Figure 2_Project Area

LENGTH: 129 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document:



 CLEAR CREEK

 FISHING

 ACCESS

 HARRIS

 HILL STATE

 FOREST

 HATCH CREEK

 STATE FOREST

 KABOB

 WMA

 BOUTWELL

 HILL STATE

 FOREST

 CANADAWAY

 CREEK WMA

 www.edrdpc.com

 &mu;



 Cassadaga Wind Project

 Towns of Charlotte, Cherry Creek, Arkwright, and Stockton

 Chautauqua County, New York

 Figure 2: Project Area

 Notes: 1. Basemap: ESRI ArcGIS Online "USA Topo Maps" Map Service.

 2. This is a color graphic. Reproduction in grayscale may misrepresent the
data.

 0 1 2 4

 Miles

 September 2015

 Service Layer Credits: Copyright:&copy; 2013

 National Geographic Society, i-cubed

 NYSDEC Land

 Project Area



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              706 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 10, 2010 Thursday

River Falls (Wis.)

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: VALEDICTORIANS

LENGTH: 216 words


Name: Elizabeth Camber

Parents: Jim and Mary Camber

College, major: College of St. Benedict, engineering

Quote: "Shoot for the moon; even if you miss, you will land among the stars."

Name: Samuel Garrett Gehler

Parents: Kevin and Coni Gehler

College, major: University of Wisconsin-Madison, political science, economics

Quote: "I don't want realism. I want magic! Yes, yes, magic. I try to give that
to people. I do misrepresent things. I don't tell truths. I tell what ought to
be truth." -- Blanche DuBois, "A Streetcar Named Desire"

Name: Rachel Joslin-Zirngible

Parents: Ron and Laura Joslin-Zirngible

College, major: University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire, geography and anthropology

Quote: "The journey is the reward."

Name: Kali Kramolis

Parents: Leslie and Tom Kramolis

College, major: University of Wisconsin-La Crosse, biomed and Spanish

Quote: "The only difference between falling and failing is whether or not you
choose to get up."

Name: Roland Pomfret

Parents: David and Brenda Pomfret

College, major: University of Wisconsin-Madison, biomedical engineering

Quote: "What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger."

Name: Cristina Marie Semi

Parents: Dan and Linda Semi

College, major: Hamline University, American law and legal systems

Quote: "The most wasted of all days is one without laughter." -- e e cummings

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              707 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 9, 2007 Sunday
                                 THIRD EDITION

You said it

SECTION: NEWSWATCH; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 276 words


Visitors to STLtoday.com's Talk of the Day blog had these thoughts about recent
topics in the news:

On Megan meier

Adults have no excuse to communicate (e-mail, phone calls, personal
confrontation, etc.) with minors - especially adults with a personal agenda who
misrepresent themselves. Creating a fake identify to manipulate a child is
despicable and should be illegal.

Susan Palmer | O'Fallon, Mo.

I have a difficult time feeling sorry for the Drews, but mob justice isn't the
way things are supposed to operate. In effect, the government is failing the
Drews, too. The public at large is punishing them, and the people formerly
associated with them, without a trial.

David L. Farquhar

South County

If the intent was to cause emotional hurt, which it was, then it has to be some
form of harassment. Maybe there needs to be probation, and if these people ever
do anything like this again, then they would be guilty of violating probation.

Ann Parker

Northampton, Mass.

On Larry Salci

If Salci wasn't such an arrogant creep, one might give him credit for trying,
but that MetroLink down Forest Park Boulevard was set up to fail no matter who
built it. It was poorly conceived and had too many politicians with their
fingers in the planning.

Joe Morice | O'Fallon, Mo.

On eminent domain sign

I wish City Hall got as worked up about the escalating violence and murders in
the last 90 days, or the trashed-out house across the alley from me, or the
littered streets on Gravois between Jefferson and Grand. Folks, free speech is
the least of our fine city's problems.

Gina Williams | St. Louis

Watch for this week's topics, and post your comments, online at
STLtoday.com/talk.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              708 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 31, 2005, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Lawsuits can fight fat

BYLINE: John F. Banzhaf III

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 424 words

Today's debate: Fast-food litigation

Opposing view: Legal action is more effective than public education programs.

It took lawyers and litigation to start the civil rights, environmental
protection, disability rights and anti-smoking movements. Legislators wouldn't
act until the lawsuits caused change and produced publicity that led to laws and
other reforms. For example, lawsuits aimed at smoking did what Congress refused
to do: slashed smoking rates and returned hundreds of billions of dollars to
taxpayers.


Five fat lawsuits have already been successful and, as USA TODAY reported, they
were a major factor in pressuring fast-food and other food companies to provide
more nutritional information and more healthful alternatives, and to take other
steps to reduce obesity.

A court of impartial federal judges has now unanimously held that the same legal
rules that apply to hundreds of products, from cigarettes to automobiles, should
apply to fast food, and that those who sell it should be liable for their fair
share of the costs if they misrepresent or fail to disclose risks that aren't
common knowledge.

USA TODAY opposes the suits, arguing for public education and personal
responsibility. But expensive taxpayer-funded government educational campaigns
weren't very effective in reducing smoking, race discrimination, sexual
harassment or other behaviors, while lawsuits were. Face it, personal
responsibility by itself simply hasn't worked for obesity any better than it did
for smoking and the others, and it isn't likely to.

Juries continue to rule that, while smokers must bear much of the responsibility
for their own health, Big Tobacco must share some responsibility if its
misconduct contributed to it. Surveys suggest that juries will apply the same
principle in obesity cases, especially where young children are the innocent
victims. After all, we don't hold sick children liable for the faults of their
parents.

Moreover, if fast-food companies are not held liable, or otherwise forced to
change, the $117 billion-a-year cost of obesity will continue to be paid largely
-- and unfairly -- by the non-obese in the form of higher taxes and bloated
health insurance premiums.

That's why, until lawmakers legislate against obesity, lawyers will continue to
litigate against it -- and probably continue to win.

***

John F. Banzhaf III is a professor of public interest law at George Washington
University Law School and an adviser to the plaintiffs in the McDonald's
lawsuit.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              709 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            August 24, 1998, Monday

CLEANUP BIDS; Corps gets blame for snafu after Fran

BYLINE: CORY REISS Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B, 3B

LENGTH: 1058 words


As North Carolinians prepared for a season of heavy weather, allegations that
the Army Corps of Engineers caused massive confusion and financial trouble for
contractors involved with cleanup of Hurricane Fran have surfaced.

Nearly two years after Fran caused widespread damage along the state's coast, a
prime contractor for work in New Hanover County took the witness stand in U.S.
District Court earlier this monthand charged that the corps knew the company
wouldn't be allowed to perform most of the cleanup described in a request for
bids.

A New Hanover County Environmental Management official involved with the cleanup
effort agreed this week that the corps knew or should have known that the work
wouldn't be done by its contractors.

Whether a breakdown in communication among corps officials or a purposeful
deflation of contractor bids, the error may have ultimately contributed to
trucker strikes during the crisis and a federal lawsuit between subcontractors
that ended last week in a $ 1 million jury award.

The corps denies it intentionally did anything wrong.

"Certainly the contracting officer did not know at the time that the award was
made that vegetative debris was not going to be included," said Diane Hood,
spokesman for the corps. "There was never any intention on the corps' part to
mislead or misrepresent the situation."

Veronica Gwyn, president of now-bankrupt Waste Control Services, the main
contractor for the corps, testified that the Fran job was a big reason for the
company's financial trouble.

The corps' job description estimated 2.25 million cubic yards of vegetative
debris, such as fallen trees, which figured heavily into a bid from WCS.

WCS won the corps contract with a low bid of $ 4.91 a cubic yard.

But once subcontractors learned they wouldn't be allowed to collect vegetative
debris in New Hanover County, trucking prices skyrocketed.

The Texas-based company wound up paying $ 11 a cubic yard for the debris it was
allowed to collect.

The construction and demolition debris is more difficult and expensive to
handle. Removal of vegetative debris would have offset those costs and accounted
for contractors' profit margins.

Ms. Gwyn testified she found out later from an anonymous caller that the Corps
of Engineers knew beforehand that her company wouldn't be allowed to collect
vegetative debris. Officials from the corps, New Hanover County, Wilmington and
the Federal Emergency Management Agency met before work began to discuss cleanup
operations. She testified the corps never told her about that before her trucks
started rolling.

The corps also insisted her company perform the work at the contract price even
after everyone knew the scope of work had narrowed by 95 percent, she said.

It wasn't until a November 1996 mediation that she was able to renegotiate a new
price of $ 12.25, though she said that still wasn't enough.

"The corps was aware that contractors ... would never get the vegetative
debris," she testified. Unless someone had told her about the corps'
foreknowledge of New Hanover's arrangements, she wouldn't have had the
ammunition to force a mediated settlement, she said.

Ray Church, director of New Hanover County Environmental Management, said the
corps should have known at least as early as Sept. 13 that the county already
had its own contract for vegetative debris. The corps and county were in daily
contact after Fran hit, he said.

The county had signed contracts with D&J Enterprises prior to hurricanes Bertha
and Fran to begin cleanup should the storms hit, he said.

In fact, said Mr. Church, D&J was already working on debris cleanup when the
corps became involved.

But even if the corps for some reason wasn't aware of that contract when it
issued bid requests Sept. 14, it should have realized the county's intent on
Sept. 18, when officials from the city, county and corps met to discuss cleanup.

"They knew we had contracts in place for Bertha," said Mr. Church. "We had
informed them that we wanted to continue those contracts."

And if the corps still didn't know, it should have on Sept 19, when the D&J
contract also was discussed at another meeting that included a representative
from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, said Mr. Church. At that meeting,
everyone, including the corps, knew the county would use its own contractor for
vegetative cleanup, he said.

A sign-in sheet from the meeting shows seven corps representatives attended,
including Glenn McIntosh, Wilmington Debris Mission manager. He held a
supervisory position in the corps' cleanup efforts.

The corps awarded its contract to WCS on Sept. 18, a corps spokesman said.

WCS didn't learn that the terms of the contract had changed dramatically until
Sept. 23, too late for the company - which had mobilized trucks, hired
subcontractors and was ready to work - to pull out.

But Ms. Hood could not say whether a miscommunication may have caused the
problem.

Mr. McIntosh wouldn't talk about the allegations, referring questions to Ms.
Hood. Ms. Hood said Mr. McIntosh and other corps officials involved with the
matter wouldn't talk to her, referring questions to a corps attorney who was out
of the office this week.

"No other comment or information is available to me," said Ms. Hood.

Ms. Gwyn testified during a nine-day civil trial brought by Malaco, a contractor
that claimed it was supposed to have exclusive rights to vegetative debris in
New Hanover County but was bumped by the defendant, Florida-based D'Elegance
Management Ltd. Inc. Malaco accused D'Elegance of fraud, breach of contract and
unfair and deceptive trade practices.

A jury awarded Malaco $ 1 million in compensatory and punitive damages.

Removal of vegetative debris from the contract between Malaco and D'Elegance was
at the heart of the controversy, with Malaco saying D'Elegance knew it wouldn't
get the work. Payment disputes between the two companies resulted in trucker
strikes that slowed cleanup.

Ultimately, however, the confusion over vegetative debris began with New Hanover
County's decision to hire its own contractor, several days before Fran struck
the coast, because county officials wanted to be prepared, said Mr. Church.

"We try to be proactive," he said, adding that the corps "had daily contact"
after Fran.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.

                              710 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 4, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Guns: The Showdown in Richmond

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A20

LENGTH: 365 words


WHEN GOV. Wilder decided to put his full weight behind a proposal to limit
handgun purchases to one a month per person, he knew perfectly well that the NRA
lobbyists would show up in Richmond bent on savaging the measure. Their tactic,
as always, is to misrepresent the proposal and to push some lame imitation in an
attempt to sap votes from the serious measure sought by the public and police.
This time the NRA has been arguing for tougher residency requirements for
Virginia driver's licenses. This, they say, would crack down on out-of-state
people falsely obtaining Virginia permits and then using them to buy handguns.
That, Gov. Wilder responded, would be just fine along with -- not instead of --
the handgun purchase limit.

Yet another decoy proposal is being pushed by some legislators who seem to think
that one handgun purchase every month just isn't enough. They're pushing a bill
that would allow state residents to request certificates of residency and
identity that would allow them to buy unlimited numbers of firearms. But as U.S.
Attorney Richard Cullen and law enforcement officers throughout the state have
noted, this won't stop the gun-running in Virginia that is arming criminals up
and down the Atlantic seaboard.

The law enforcement experts explain that most handguns being bought in Virginia
for illegal distribution are bought by "straw purchasers" anyway -- legal
Virginia residents who are paid to supply the runners. If any Virginia resident
feels compelled to stock up on firearms in a hurry, nothing in Gov. Wilder's
proposal deals with rifles.

Poll after poll shows the public strongly endorsing moves to limit the free flow
of handguns. Republicans as well as Democrats, gun owners as well as those who
do not regularly buy firearms, individuals who believe they need guns for
self-defense as well as those who are relatives and victims in gun tragedies --
all support the handgun purchase limit as a reasonable attempt to reduce the
proliferation of guns on the streets. Members of the Virginia House and Senate
who care enough to give this measure a test should support the purchase limit as
proposed and put it on the books this year.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post

                              711 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           April 25, 1973, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 42, Column 3

LENGTH: 73 words

Lr from E T Hume, pres of Real Estate Bd of NY Inc, refers to Apr 3 and Apr 16
eds urging requirement of 51% tenant consent before bldg can be converted from
rental to co-op; Hume says 35% requirement is difficult but has worked
satisfactorily since 1955; also says that owners are regulated by law but
tenants are not and that tenant orgns misrepresent and distort co-op plans and
pressure tenants who are favorable to co-op arrangement

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              712 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                  September 11, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Miss America gets real: Pageant allows bikinis, navel rings, gambling

BYLINE: HUGO GURDON; LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1 / BREAK

LENGTH: 271 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In a sign that old-style puritanical feminism is in retreat on one of its
traditional battlegrounds, bikinis are to be allowed back into the Miss America
beauty competition.

More flesh will be exposed at the pageant in Atlantic City on Saturday than has
been allowed for years, and in other signs of the times, there will be tattoos
and navel rings and gambling.

The competition is entering a new phase geared at a larger television audience
by abandoning the pretense that the women are virtuous Barbie dolls.

Leonard Horn, the pageant president, said: "I don't want the responsibility of
having a program that induces young women to misrepresent themselves at an early
age and think that's what you have to do to get through life."

Miss Vermont, 19-year-old Jill Cummings, is the the very model of a modern
beauty queen. Aside from working in the record industry and being an amateur
boxer, she wears a silver navel ring, which will be on display on Saturday.

"Why am I wearing it?," she asked. "Just because that's me. Long before I
thought of getting into Miss America, I got my belly-button ring."

Somewhere, Miss Pennsylvania, Heather Busin, has a tattoo, though she will not
describe it, give its location or say whether it will be visible during the
swimsuit stage of the competition.

Commenting on the new image, Horn said: "They look the way they're supposed to
look. They look real."

Smoking and drinking alcohol are are still banned among the women, and there are
regulations to prevent bikinis dwindling into thongs. Those who have reached 21
will be allowed to gamble in the casinos.


LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: CHARLES REX ARBOGAST, AP / Miss Maryland Jamie Fox became the
first contestant in 50 years to compete in a two-piece swimsuit.

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              713 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              October 4, 1991, FRIDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

ILLINOIS MADISON COUNTY BUSINESSMAN IS SUED OVER BILLS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 504 words


A food service company filed suit Thursday in Madison County Circuit Court
charging that Metro East businessman Gary Fears and several of his companies
failed to pay more than $250,500 in bills.  MonarSky Brothers, a subsidiary of
JP Foodservice Inc., based in Altoona, Pa., says in the suit that it was owed
$256,540 for food stuffs and other products. Besides Fears, the defendants named
in the suit are Dinner House Management Inc., Steakhouse Acquisitions, G&V Inc.
and Budget Steakhouse Partners. Fears is a principal partner in the companies,
the suit says; he could not be reached for comment Thursday.  Fears has had an
interest with the Bonanza steak house chain since 1984. He said last year that
he owned about 40 steak houses and 30 franchises. He also bought an interest in
the York Steak House chain, which has outlets in Wisconsin, Ohio, Indiana, New
York and Iowa.  Fears said last year that he was in the process of converting
his restaurants to Ponderosas. Fears, a longtime resident of Collinsville, now
lives in Sarasota, Fla., but he still keeps an office in Illinois.  BRIDGE
APPROACHES I-64 To Be Reduced To 2 Lanes Interstate 64, both eastbound and
westbound, will be reduced to two lanes from three lanes for bridge surface
repairs at 37th Street in East St.  Louis, starting Monday.  The lane
restrictions will remain in effect 24 hours a day until about Nov.  22,
according to the Illinois Department of Transportation. The work is being done
under contract with the Kilian Corporation of Mascoutah.  SPRINGFIELD Charities
Must Report Expenses All charitable organizations are required to report their
receipts and expenses annually to the state attorney general under a new law
approved Thursday by Gov. Jim Edgar.  The legislation, sponsored by Sen. Thomas
Dunn, D-Joliet, and Rep. Lee Preston, D-Chicago, takes effect in January.  Under
the measure, professional fund-raisers are required to report annually the
percentage of funds they raise that actually go to the charities that employ
them.  Also under the new law, those who fraudulently misrepresent themselves as
solicitors for veteran, police, firefighter or medical research groups would be
subject to additional civil and criminal penalties.  AP ST. CLAIR COUNTY COURTS
Juvenile Court Seeks Volunteers Additional volunteers are being sought for St.
Clair County's CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocate) program to work with
abused or neglected children and their families.  A training course for new
volunteers will begin Oct. 15. Training will be conducted from 7 to 10 p.m.
Tuesdays and 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturdays for four successive weeks.  Graduates
will then be assigned to work with a family, monitoring its progress through the
juvenile court and welfare system.  Volunteers may schedule an interview by
calling the CASA office at (618) 277-6600, Ext. 598.  CASA volunteers also are
selling Christmas cards to help pay the program's expenses.  Cards may be
ordered from CASA workers or by calling the CASA office.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO...AP...Measuring Up...Lora Mae Kesler being measured by
Carolyn Swopa (left) and Michelle Saxon of the Cooperative Extension Service in
Springfield in a project to define the older body so that clothes can be made to
fit better.

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              714 of 997 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                           October 25, 2007 Thursday

Fitness chain sued by franchisees in St. Louis County Circuit Court

BYLINE: Kelly Wiese

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 880  words


Dozens of people across the country who bought franchises in a women's fitness
chain are suing the company, claiming it understated the costs to operate a gym
and did not help franchisees as promised.

The lead plaintiff, Kathy Handing, filed the suit in St. Louis County Circuit
Court. She bought gyms under the Contours Express system in St. Charles and
O'Fallon but ran into financial trouble and closed.

The lawsuit filed by attorney Jonathan Fortman, of Jonathan Fortman Law Office
in Ferguson, claims Kentucky-based Contours Express misrepresented how much
money it would take to get a gym up and running before agreements were signed,
did not provide support or visit gym owners as required in the franchise
agreement and made earnings claims in pitching the franchise opportunity, in
violation of Federal Trade Commission rules.

For example, the suit claims Contours did not help in choosing and developing a
site for a new gym, required franchisees to buy equipment from it at an inflated
price and often did not return calls to company headquarters seeking help.

"Franchisees were led to believe that stores could be opened and operated on a
fraction of the actual cost," the lawsuit states.

The company responded in court filings that it did not misrepresent the money
franchisees would need to get a gym started. It also denied the lawsuit's
allegations that it did not provide gym owners with the support required by
franchise agreements.

Contours Express generally does not comment on pending litigation, said its
attorney, Ed Spalty, part of the Armstrong Teasdale law firm in Kansas City.

"Contours Express takes any concerns or issues raised by its franchisees
extremely seriously. Based upon what we've seen in this matter, we believe the
charges are without merit," he said.

St. Louis County Circuit Judge Colleen Dolan met Wednesday with attorneys
representing parties in the case and set a hearing for April, when a trial date
could be determined.

A message left at Contours Express' headquarters in Nicholasville, Ky., was not
returned by press time.

Sweat equity

Contours Express was created in 1998, a few years after the popular women's
fitness chain Curves, based in Woodway, Texas, was established. Contours' Web
site says it is an improvement on the Curves concept and claims its equipment
provides better results, leading many Curves members to switch to its gyms
instead.

Its Web site lists nine Contours Express gyms in Missouri, ranging from St.
Louis County and Cape Girardeau to Lee's Summit and Springfield. The gym owners
involved in the litigation are all from the St. Louis area, or other states.

Entrepreneur magazine ranks the top 500 franchise opportunities each year. In
2007, Curves ranked 15th best overall, while Contours Express came in at 141,
down from 116 in 2006, when Curves was third.

Entrepreneur estimated Contours' startup costs as roughly $56,000 to $95,000.
According to the lawsuit, some people were told they would need only about
$15,000 in capital until their gym was breaking even financially. The suit said
the company raised the expected initial investment in its 2006 disclosure form
to about $44,000 to $75,000, but said that number still fell short of actual
costs to keep the fitness center running at the outset.

"While Contours Express LLC has continued to prosper, the franchises have not,"
according to the lawsuit, filed in May.

Fraud alleged

The suit is not a class-action case, as some of the claims and amounts among
plaintiffs differ. However, it still includes more than 60 individuals or
companies from at least 16 states. Most are former franchise owners, but several
are still open but struggling, their attorney said.

The company claimed the litigation was barred by the franchise agreements, and
also argued the court could not hear claims from franchises operating outside
Missouri.

The group's claims range from a loss of $14,000, basically the amount of the
franchise fee, to $250,000. Collectively, Fortman said his clients seek damages
of more than $7 million.

"They were advising people they would be at the break-even point in four to six
months," Fortman said Tuesday. "Once [franchisees] got into it, the costs to get
it open were a lot higher and they weren't getting the membership numbers they
were led to believe they would get. "

The suit makes various federal claims and also alleges some violations under
particular state laws. But all plaintiffs claim Contours Express committed fraud
in the inducement, by making false representations of what the business would
involve before people bought in, and later breach of contract for not living up
to the support called for in the franchise agreements.

Contours also makes counterclaims against 27 of the plaintiffs, including
Handing in Missouri. Contours says the franchise agreements called for the
businesses to run for 10 years, with franchisees paying Contours a $395 royalty
fee per month.

The company claims the agreements forbid the plaintiffs from withholding that
fee even if they believe Contours didn't live up to its obligations, and that
they ended the agreements without good cause. Contours argues some suing
franchisees owe it anywhere from $30,000 to $95,000 each, plus interest and
attorneys' fees, for up to a decade's worth of royalties.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              715 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 09, 1998, Wednesday, Final Edition

Currency Paper for the Treasury Department

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A18; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 266 words



In his Aug. 14 letter, "The Best Paper for Currency," Lansing Crane, CEO of
Crane & Co., complained about "omissions" in a July 21 wire service article
concerning his company's more than 100 years of supplying currency paper to the
Treasury Department. Mr. Crane said that the story "leaves the reader with
impressions that are wrong in several respects."

Mr. Crane's letter omits and misrepresents significant facts. First is the
suggestion that the Treasury Department is allowing a "low-risk approach" for
other bidders by permitting them "24 months to tool up for production." What he
didn't say was that this period is one in which a competitor would have to
invest tens of millions of dollars in equipment to match that which Crane has in
place, and for which the government has already paid Crane, usually through the
price of currency paper for which Crane had no competitors. Further, a new
supplier was expected to be able to match Crane's prices without being able to
recover the costs of such equipment.

Second is his suggestion that termination of the inspector general's inquiry
into Crane's pricing "is tantamount to full exoneration." What he didn't say is
that Crane agreed to pay back to the government some $ 12 million before the
inquiry was closed.

If the government wants additional suppliers of currency paper, there are a
number of procurement models that will accomplish that. But the Treasury
Department has refused to employ them.

HERBERT N. JASPER

Bethesda

The writer is retired after a career in the executive branch and on Capitol
Hill.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post

                              716 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 8, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Cuomo's Wife Is Contesting Father's Will

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 670 words

DATELINE: MINEOLA, L.I., Dec. 7


A dispute over the $13.7 million estate of Governor Cuomo's father-in-law has
family members feuding in Nassau County Surrogate's Court.

At issue is where the probate proceedings should be held and who should be the
will's executor.

It is also unclear whether the Governor's wife, Matilda, her sister and a
brother will challenge the terms of the will, which leaves them less than 25
percent of an estate that consists primarily of real estate in the New York City
area.

Sam Raffa, a lawyer in Syosset and one of three sons of Charles Raffa, the
Governor's late father-in-law, contends that he was named executor of the will
in a 1984 codicil. Mr. Raffa says the will should be probated in Nassau County,
since that is where his father, who lived in Brooklyn most of his life, moved
his legal residence in 1984. Mr. Raffa's brother, Frank, and his mother, Mary,
support this position.

Place of Residence Disputed

Mrs. Cuomo, her sister, Nancy Mazzola, and a brother, Joseph, say their father
never wanted to ''leave his beloved Brooklyn'' and have sued here to block Sam
Raffa as executor and move the probate proceedings to Brooklyn.

Mrs. Cuomo charged in a court affidavit that her brother Sam was not ''an
appropriate representative of the estate.'' She contended that ''if Mr. Raffa is
so untrustworthy as to misrepresent so elemental a fact as my father's residence
address, for real or imagined reasons,'' he was not a fit executor of the
estate.

''This is not a split in the family,'' Mrs. Mazzola said in a brief telephone
interview from her home in Montville, N.J. ''We're just trying to make some
decisions.''

In a court affidavit filed earlier this month, however, Sam Raffa said the
attempt to remove him as executor seemed ''part of a plan to eventually attack
the provisions of my father's will.''

A lawyer for Mrs. Cuomo's group, Peter J. Johnson, declined to comment on any
potential challenge to the will.

Depositions Being Taken

In a hearing here today, Surrogate C. Raymond Radigan set Jan. 5 to take
depositions from family members to determine Charles Raffa's last legal
residence. Surrogate Radigan said a hearing would follow a few days later.

The surrogate named Sam Raffa as preliminary executor but restricted his power
to dispose of the estate's assets pending the hearing.

Probate proceedings would be the same in either Brooklyn or Mineola, but lawyers
said the two bickering family groups felt strongly about setting the record
straight on Charles Raffa's final legal residence. The only other difference is
that Surrogate Radigan is a Republican while his counterpart in Brooklyn is a
Democrat.

The elder Mr. Raffa died on Oct. 19 at a nursing home in New Hyde Park after a
long illness. He was 84 years old. He had been using a wheelchair after never
fully recovering from a severe beating he received four years ago in a vacant
supermarket he owned in the East New York section of Brooklyn. His assailants
were never caught.

Holdings to Be Divided

Mr. Raffa came to the United States from Italy in the 1920's and built up a
successful supermarket equipment business. At his death, his estate was valued
at about $13.7 million, according to court papers.

His holdings consist primarily of vacant lots and commercial real estate,
including several supermarkets in Brooklyn, as well as property in Italy valued
at $2 million.

Under the will Mr. Raffa drafted in 1977, his wife, Mary, would receive
one-third of the estate. The three sons, Frank, Joseph and Sam, would get equal
shares of a realty corporation valued at $1.4 million.

Frank and Sam Raffa each have sons named Charles, and the sons would each
receive half of two realty companies valued at a total of $3.35 million. If
Joseph Raffa had had a son named Charles, he, too, would have received an equal
share of the realty companies under the will.

Of the remaining estate, the three sons would each receive a 25 percent share.
Mrs. Cuomo and her sister would each get a 12.5 percent share.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              717 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 23, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. APOLOGIZES TO AIDS RESEARCHER

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 20, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 656 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 22


The Reagan Administration has apologized to a Harvard researcher who says the
Justice Department misrepresented his views on the transmission of AIDS.

The department had quoted the researcher, Dr. William A. Haseltine, in an effort
to show that there was disagreement in the medical community over how AIDS was
spread. The Justice Department suggested that some scientists believed there was
at least a theoretical possibility that the virus for acquired immune deficiency
syndrome might be transmitted through ''casual contact'' or ''proximity to
infected persons.''

The Public Health Service, a unit of the Department of Health and Human
Services, has repeatedly said there is no evidence that the AIDS virus is spread
through casual contact on the job, or in schools or similar settings.

It Was Cited in an Opinion

The quotation from Dr. Haseltine appeared in a 49-page Justice Department
opinion issued last month. The opinion concluded that Federal law generally did
not prohibit employers from discriminating against people with AIDS if the
discrimination was based on a ''fear of contagion.''

After receiving a complaint from Dr. Haseltine, Assistant Attorney General
Charles J. Cooper apologized, saying: ''We did not intend to misrepresent your
views, and I am sorry if you have been dragged into a controversy not of your
own choosing, or of ours.''

But Mr. Cooper said that discovery of the error would not lead to any change in
the Justice Department's assessment of the issue, because the medical evidence
was ''fundamentally irrelevant to the question put to us with respect to the
Federal handicap discrimination laws.''

A 1973 law prohibits discrimination on the basis of handicap in any program
receiving Federal financial assistance. The Justice Department opinion, signed
by Mr. Cooper, concluded that the ''disabling effects'' of AIDS constituted a
handicap, but that ''an individual's real or perceived ability to transmit'' the
virus to others ''is not a handicap.''

He Repeats His Views

In the opinion, Mr. Cooper declared that the 1973 law ''simply does not reach
decisions based on fear of contagion, whether reasonable or not,'' unless the
fear was a pretext for discrimination on account of handicap. Similarly, in a
letter to Dr. Haseltine last week, Mr. Cooper said it did not matter whether
discrimination was ''rational or irrational from a medical perspective,'' so
long as it was not based on handicap.

Dr. Haseltine has carried out research on AIDS at the Dana-Farber Cancer
Institute in Boston, where he is chief of the laboratory of biochemical
pharmacology. He is also an associate professor of pathology at the Harvard
Medical School.

In a letter to Mr. Cooper on June 30, Dr. Haseltine said: ''To my knowledge,
there is no evidence that transmission of the AIDS virus other than by intimate
sexual contact or exchange of body fluids and/or organs has resulted in
infection. What is called casual transmission such as is likely to occur in
workplace settings will never pose a significant risk to uninfected co-workers.

''The evidence that such transmission does not occur is drawn from studies of
families in which one member is infected and studies of health-care workers who
treat AIDS patients. These studies demonstrate that 'casual transmission' has
not and will not occur to any significant extent.''

In his reply, Mr. Cooper said that ''perhaps we are naive, but we are frankly
surprised by the attention that has been focused upon the portion of our
opinion'' discussing the transmission of AIDS.

In that section of the opinion, Mr. Cooper noted assurances from the Public
Health Service that ''nonsexual person-to-person contact'' in the workplace did
not create a risk for transmission of the AIDS virus. But, he added, some
scientists believe that ''conclusions of this character are too sweeping.'' He
then cited Dr. Haseltine as one of these scientists.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              718 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             July 28, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Gambling with your insurance; Register vehicle when you move

BYLINE: Jeffrey L. Seglin, Special to The Windsor Star

SECTION: LIFE; Everyday Ethics; Pg. F6

LENGTH: 680  words


Perhaps I'm not the ideal person to address this week's topic, which concerns
automobiles. I live in a city. My wife and I own only one car, which she
primarily uses to get to work. I rely on public transportation as often as
possible.

Partly our choice to own only one car stems from the recognition that, as a city
dweller who lives three blocks from a subway stop, I have other methods of
transportation available. But another big reason is that the insurance premiums
for my neighbourhood are among the priciest in the city. I'd rather not pay such
a steep price for a car that will sit idle most of the time.

When our kids were younger and we did own two cars, though, we paid those hefty
insurance bills. It never crossed our minds to register the cars in some other
town or state where one of our relatives happened to live so that we could cut
our insurance premiums.

For one thing, it would have been illegal to misrepresent where we lived simply
to get a lower insurance rate. For another, this is the neighbourhood in which
we chose to live, all its benefits and all its drawbacks included.

Most often the decision to play fast and loose with vehicle registration in
order to garner lower insurance rates doesn't require such active deceit.
Instead, drivers who move into a new neighbourhood with higher insurance rates
choose to do nothing, rather than change their registration and pay higher
premiums.

That's the case with a reader who moved from rural Tennessee to San Francisco,
where the insurance rates are much higher. She continued to register her car in
Tennessee.

"I believed that, as long as the car was registered in the United States, that
it was fine," she writes.

A co-worker took issue, however, after my reader boasted that her premiums were
less than a tenth of what he was paying for a similar car that he'd registered
in San Francisco.

"He told me that my actions were patently illegal and unethical," she writes.

My reader has since left California, but she continues to be bothered by the
accusation, which she believes was made simply because her co-worker was miffed
that she'd found a way to pay less.

"Was registering my car out of state really unethical?" she asks.

In a word, yes. Her co-worker wins this fight hands down. In acting as she did,
my reader cheated other people who were paying their fair share.

What's more, she was breaking the law: In California, once she got a job, she
was required to register her vehicle there within 20 days.

Laws vary from state to state as to how long you have to register your vehicle
after arriving, but once you start living someplace you're obligated to register
your car there. If you don't, you're subject to hefty fines if you're caught.
And, if you should have an accident, you might have difficulty collecting from
your insurance company. Furthermore, since all state departments of motor
vehicles post their rules about switching registration online, there's no excuse
for ignorance.

The urge to save money by taking advantage of what looks like a loophole is
understandable, but the right thing for my reader to do was, and is, to register
her car where she lives. Anything short of that is a lie.

SOUND OFF: TELLING TRANSLATORS

Asked about the U.S. military's recent expulsion of 58 desperately needed
Arabic-language experts because they were gay, my readers predictably voiced
strong opinions about whether the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy on
homosexuality should stay in place.

"I'm assuming that the 58 linguists knew the law, and thus the consequence,"
writes Joe Read of Anaheim, Calif. "The only assumption I can draw is that they
did not want to be in the military anymore."

Abandoning the "don't ask, don't tell" policy "specifically for Arabic
translators, without scrapping it altogether, adds just another layer of
unethical behaviour," writes Mark Shirilau of Irvine, Calif. Until the
government lifts the ban on gays in the military, he believes, it shouldn't
"discriminate in discrimination."

Do you have ethical questions that you need answered? Send them to
rightthing@nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              719 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Cassadaga Wind
LLC, has submitted (14-F-0490) 14048_PSS_Figure 3_Sound Monitoring Locations

LENGTH: 115 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document:



 #0

 #0

 #0

 #0

 #0

 #0

 www.edrdpc.com

 &mu;



 Cassadaga Wind Project

 Towns of Charlotte, Cherry Creek, Arkwright, and Stockton

 Chautauqua County, New York

 Figure 3: Sound Monitoring Locations

 Notes: 1. Basemap: ESRI ArcGIS Online "USA Topo Maps" Map Service.

 2. This is a color graphic. Reproduction in grayscale may misrepresent the
data.

 0 1 2 4

 Miles

 September 2015

 Service Layer Credits: Copyright:&copy; 2013 National

 Geographic Society, i-cubed

 #0 Sound Monitoring Locations

 Project Boundary



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              720 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            November 02, 2008 Sunday

Letters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 2119 words


McLean Co. circuit clerk

As part of circuit clerk candidate Brian Plath's family, I've refrained from
writing any election letters, in the spirit of objectivity. But The Pantagraph's
baffling endorsement of Brian's opponent omits and misrepresents several key
points, first and foremost being Brian's preparedness for the job.

Brian holds a degree in economics from the University of Iowa, a distinction
that speaks well to his ability to handle a budget of $3.5 million. In fact, as
sales and logistical manager of Staples, he was responsible for managing the
budget of a $7 million store, plus a staff of 40 employees.

Brian's strong interpersonal skills shouldn't be discounted either; anyone who
has been in a managerial position can attest to how crucial it is to have
successful active communication among staff members.

His proven leadership has inspired former colleagues from State Farm and the
retail world to actively support his campaign.

As to the "unfounded allegations," Brian is merely responding to the legitimate
questions and concerns personally brought to him by county employees - and
voters are still waiting for satisfactory answers.

In short, Brian Plath is that rare candidate with the intellect, education,
personality and energy to succeed, and he deserves your vote.

Zarina Plath

Bloomington

McLean Co. circuit clerk

The circuit clerk's office is the administrative arm of the circuit court that
creates, maintains and protects official court documents. The office needs
leadership from the top that will sustain leadership from within.

Don Everhart possesses this type of leadership and will apply his strong work
ethic, problem-solving skills and management skills from day one as our circuit
clerk.

Don Everhart's cheerfulness and optimism will be an inspiration to the staff. He
will lead them with courage and confidence. Don will work with them and for them
to continue to bring forth changes to promote innovation, efficiency and
accountability.

Don Everhart also possesses good and strong character. He will make decisions
based on the direction that the statutes and courts have charged him to follow.
I have personally observed Don Everhart's leadership over the last four years in
his position of chief deputy recorder. Don Everhart has a proven track record of
accountability, honesty, and dedication to public service.

Please join me in voting for Don Everhart to serve as our next circuit clerk for
McLean County.

Rebecca C. McNeil

Normal

McLean Co. circuit clerk

This is a letter critical of a candidate. I've never written such before, but
Brian Plath's "debate" with opponent Don Everhart Oct.16 at Illinois Wesleyan
changed all that.

When a candidate personally demeans and attempts to destroy an opponent, one of
two factors exists. Either the attacker realizes his credentials are inferior to
his opponent's or he is a mean-spirited, nasty person. Mutual friends assure me
Brian is not mean-spirited or nasty.

During the fiasco at Wesleyan, Brian made 10 accusations about Everhart's
supposed personal flaws, transgressions and job-related failures. Present in the
attacks were the usual innuendo and implied faults and failures. Most dominant
in the attacks were blatantly false statements.

Case in point: Don doesn't skip out of work many hours per week. Ask his boss
and co-workers in the recorder's offce. Don is a recognized leader in the office
and frequently works hours beyond the usual workday.

Why "fiasco at Wesleyan"? Organizers failed to invite Everhart to the debate
until Don called. There was only one name in pre-debate publicity, Plath.

There is only one qualified candidate for circuit clerk on the ballot, Don
Everhart.

Richard D. Buchanan

Bloomington

McLean County Board

We are writing to endorse a great leader and a great businessman, Dennis Brtva,
for McLean County Board. We have known Dennis for several years and during that
time we have served together on the Red Cross Evening of Stars committee. He has
spent a considerable amount of time and effort supporting the Boy Scouts, Rotary
and the Illinois Symphony.

Dennis is also a very successful businessman, who plans well, budgets, is
responsible and manages an efficient and thriving operation. All are traits that
make him a qualified, capable and responsible board member. He is dedicated,
effective and hard-working.

Dennis has proven time and time again to be a leader. He has attended many of
the County Board meetings during this past year to gain the experience and
knowledge to know what challenges, issues and opportunities lie ahead.

Dennis understands the importance of representing his constituents by being
fiscally responsible and doing what is best for McLean County. We know no one
who has greater passion for his work and his community.

Bob and Julie Dobski

Bloomington

McLean County Board

An ideal elected official would be someone who embodies a spirit of selfless
public service and the ability to listen to and empathize with different points
of view. Betty Kinser is that person.

For the 40 years that I have known her, she has demonstrated tireless dedication
and service to the improvement of her community. She is open-minded and a
consensus builder. When Betty was selected as Normal's Citizen of the Year, most
people said, "obvious choice."

As a County Board member, she will work diligently for her district. Frankly, I
don't know anyone who could out work her. Her years of experience as an
educator, administrator and community volunteer will serve her well on the
County Board.

If your choice for McLean County Board District 5 is based on experience, skill
and dedication, the clear choice is Betty Kinser.

Chris Koos

Normal

McLean County Board

"Change" seems to be the battle cry of some running for office at the national
level. Well, folks, on Nov. 4, you're going to be presented with a
great-opportunity to-implement-a very significant change at the local level. And
it couldn't be easier to accomplish. All you have to do is vote for Dave Van
Allen for the McLean County Board, District 8.

I've known and been close to Dave-for seven years.

He's an honest,-energetic young leader-whose-education,-background in business
and church and community activities will make him-a tremendous asset to-the
citizens of District 8 and McLean County. To learn more-details about Dave's
many accomplishments and qualifications,-please visit his Web site.

Dave's opponent has been in office for 36 years. Now, if that alone doesn't
indicate-a crying-need-for-new ideas and a new outlook,-then I don't know what
does.

For a breath of really fresh air, please vote for Dave Van Allen, McLean County
Board, District 8.

Ray Baxter

Bloomington

McLean County Board

Vote for Dave Van Allen. The man behind the signs is a solid thinker, energetic,
creative, strategic and intentional. He is a problem solver, an initiator and a
clear communicator.

Dave is more than any of these other traits a servant. He has spent hundreds of
hours meeting people, hearing their stories, learning their concerns. He
understands his role to serve the people and not himself.

Dave is also a man who is deeply committed to his family. I have known him as
his pastor and friend. I have experienced his leadership and influence. I have
watched his impact upon others.

Dave is a man that you will immediately experience his positive leadership and
influence. Dave is a man I trust. He is a leader we need!

Mark Savage

Rural Normal

Living wage referendum

The League of Women Voters of McLean County has taken a position in support of
the referendum to pay all city of Bloomington employees a living wage.

The decision in favor of supporting this referendum was based on our belief that
the Living Wage Referendum represents the following aspects of "good
governance":

First and foremost, it means that budget priorities reflect the values of the
community. It represents fairness; paying government workers a living wage
enables them to live in the community in which they work.

It supports a decent quality of life for all affected. It demonstrates respect
for the dignity of work by paying all workers a minimum of a living wage,
regardless of age and need.

And finally, it represents good business principles. A living wage promotes
high-quality workers and low employee turnover.

Maureen O'Keefe

Normal

The writer is co-president, League of Women Voters of McLean County.

Living wage referendum

Bloomington voters can send a strong message to the city council this election
by voting "yes" on the living wage referendum. We can say we value the work of
all our city employees, whether they work full- or part-time, seasonal or
year-round, or are employed indirectly like Coliseum workers and City Hall
janitors.

How can anyone justify paying less than a living wage to lifeguards and school
crossing guards, who have life and death responsibilities for our children? Only
by disrespecting them as just "gaining experience" or "earning a little extra
cash."

Dismissing the needs of workers who are "college students" or "semi-retired"
shows a writer out of touch with the enormous costs of higher education and the
struggles of older people in these difficult times.

Why not some real reporting about the actual human beings whose work is so
devalued?

The state minimum wage increase means the gap between what the city must pay and
a living wage has become less expensive. We can overcome the gap.

Do the right thing and vote "yes" on the living wage question at the end of the
ballot.

Jack Porter

Bloomington

Constitutional convention

Should we call a constitutional convention? Yes. Why? Our system in Springfield
is broken.

Those opposed to a constitutional convention cite cost, assuming rejection
carries no cost. The cost of business as usual includes the closing of state
parks, unpaid bills and the largest unfunded pension debt in the country.

The opposition states that the special interests who currently control
Springfield will control the process. We the voters select our representatives
to the convention and should select individuals not controlled by the special
interests in Springfield.

The last objection is that we'll be stuck with whatever the convention dictates.
But again, we the voters have to ratify those changes. This means we have a role
in every part of the process and the ability to change our government for the
better. It is the only chance we'll have before 2010.

Don't just hope for change, act for change by supporting the call for a
constitutional convention because we can do better.

Mike Stokke

Bloomington

Constitutional convention

On the surface, it looks like a good idea. Beneath the temptation to rewrite
Illinois' Constitution, however, lurks many dangers.

At first glance, overhauling the Constitution might give rise to a change in the
way our government operates. Wouldn't it be great not to hear of political
malfeasance, revenge-seeking legislators and narrow-interest lobbying?
Truthfully, however, the delegates to such a convention may well be drawn from
many of the same people, thereby opening the door to even more political
mischief.

Worse yet, single-interest groups will fight hard to seat their delegates to
advance their own agendas.

The last con-con referendum in 1988 was voted down by a 3-1 margin; the
Constitution isn't broken. It was progressive in 1970 and it still works today,
given the right people to oversee the process.

The Constitution can and has been amended; convening a convention will put
human, civil and pension rights at risk.

We don't have a constitutional crisis; it's a leadership crisis. It can be fixed
only when the self-serving are voted out and the common good is placed
paramount. This is done, not with a document, but with the people chosen to
uphold it.

Susan Riley

Gibson City

Illinois House

I would like to take this opportunity to discuss the qualifications of a
candidate for the 106th Legislative District. Tom Shrier is running for state
representative and is qualified to move this state in the right direction.

I have known Tom for over 15 years. As the financial officer of UAW Local 2488,
Tom has demonstrated his knowledge, integrity and leadership skills. His strong
work ethic and commitment to the community will be great assets in Springfield.

Tom will definitely work for working families in Central Illinois. I
wholeheartedly endorse Tom Shrier as our next state representative in the 106th
District.

Barbara Fisher

Bloomington

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph

                              721 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           November 25, 2006 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Secular think tank to open D.C. office

BYLINE: By Douglas Turner - NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 256 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In an apparent countermove to the ascendancy of the religious right, an
Amherst-based think-tank devoted to secularism, rationality and scientific
inquiry will open an office here soon.

The Center for Inquiry/Transitional, founded by Paul Kurtz, professor emeritus
at the University at Buffalo, announced the opening of a Center for Public
Policy that will "confront issues at the nexus of government."

"Religious fundamentalists seek to inhibit free inquiry" and "misrepresent the
tested conclusions of scientific naturalism," said Kurtz, chairman and founder
of the center.

Also, a group of scientists issued a statement they said reveals "some troubling
statistics regarding the lack of scientific inquiry" in the country.

A fifth of Americans believe that the sun revolves around the earth, and only 26
percent believe that life evolved through the process of natural selection,
Kurtz's group said.

Scholars from the Washington office will work with sympathetic members of
Congress and scientific institutes here, and testify at congressional hearings
and other forums. A statement issued by Nobel Prize winners Steven Weinberg and
Paul Boyer warned, "Public policies based on religious dogma pose a danger to
the long-term welfare of America."

The center said it is troubled by President Bush's veto of a bill to use federal
funds for expanded lines of stem cell research and the National Aeronautical and
Space Administration attacking the theory that the universe was created by a
"Big Bang" in outer space.

e-mail: dturner@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              722 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       APRIL 22, 1997 Tuesday SF EDITION

A LOCAL WRITER TACKLES THE CONSTITUTION / HIGH SCHOOL SENIOR BRANDON WALSTON
HELPED PUT A NEW SLANT ON A KEY DOCUMENT.

BYLINE: Maida Odom, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE: LIFESTYLE; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 944 words


On any given day, Brandon Walston might be studying advanced-placement biology
at Masterman High School, taking a film class at the University of Pennsylvania,
or working part-time as a check verifier for CoreStates.

His New York-bound play opens here next month and, in his spare time, early this
month, he caught a train to New York and helped rewrite the United States
Constitution - a young people's version - for the Presidents' Summit for
America's Future, which begins Sunday.

He's a finalist vying to be one of the nation's Presidential Scholars, and he'll
be appearing at the summit to help present "the Constitution."

It's a heady time for Walston, a 17-year-old senior from West Philadelphia,
who's being recruited by such colleges as Harvard and Brown.

The play, If, in rehearsal for the Philadelphia Young Playwrights Festival, has
been selected by the National Young Playwrights Festival for an off-Broadway
production in June.

But in the midst of all the accolades and attention, Walston is worrying about
not letting the hoopla overtake or misrepresent him.

Having the play produced means putting his writing in the hands of others for
interpretation. He started writing it two years ago, and he's "grown so much
since then. I look at it and say, 'What is this thing?' "

In addition, he's concerned about the true goals of the summit and the
Constitution-writing exercise.

"I don't want to be PR Central," Walston said, describing his part in the
summit. "I don't want to be used to further somebody's career or whatever."

That attitude by Walston, and the six other playwrights selected to help write
the young people's Constitution, left summit representatives "sort of
speechless" when the writers were assembled in New York, Walston said. In fact,
Walston heard one of the people filming the meeting call the
writers"ungrateful," he remembered, laughing.

The youngsters had been chauffeured in a Towncar and well-fed before they were
directed to work.

"I guess they thought we were dazzled and would dance along with it," Walston
mused.

First, the writers - three African Americans, an Asian, an Iranian American and
two whites - objected on the grounds that they were "mostly middle-class" and if
the organizers "really wanted a real voice they would find people in worse
situations," Walston recalled.

The young writers also objected to being directed to write on five pre-selected
subjects addressing entitlements for young people, including a healthy start in
life, a safe place to live, a supportive environment, mentoring relationships,
and a marketable skill."

The business of the marketable skill rankled the group, said Walston. Members of
the group raised questions, he said: " 'What does this mean? Is it about serving
the economy?' I was surprised how intelligently they got their points across."

Organizers listened, but pressed the young people to complete the task as
suggested. Finally they said, "Please get to work," according to Walston.

After debating "the real purpose of this," the young writers decided it was
"still a valid opportunity to attempt to do something."

For his part, Walston said in a recent interview: "I have respect for the
government; I don't hate the American government. But I think there are a lot of
problems, and I don't have a lot of optimism towards it.

"I remember they [the government] bombed Osage Avenue. I remember that. I
remember things like that."

The group's new 1 1/2-page Constitution, like the old one, begins with a
preamble. This one notes that these framers were "not like" the white males who
wrote the original, and it states, Walston said, that the new "voices need to be
heard."

Acknowledging society's inequities, this Constitution describes everyone as
having an "equal spirit," Walston said. "I didn't come up with that, but I like
it."

The best part of all the attention, Walston said, has been meeting other bright
young people and hearing about their lives, often different from his own.

"I got sick of being the only black person a lot of times," he said, describing
some of the writers' symposiums he's attended. Then, at one, he met another
student who told him she was the only black person in her school.

"I had to think about that," Walston said.

"Where I live, it's not the worst place, but it's not the safest," he said,
describing, with a writer's eye for imagery, how blood had been left on the
pavement days after a shooting at 56th and Baltimore, along his route to school.

Walston describes himself as shy, but the lanky young dynamo talks rapidly and
freely, with a clarity that seems remarkable in one so young.

"He's always been very outgoing," said his mother, Cheryl Walston, "very
determined to be a writer. He was always reciting poems and writing things and
learning anything he could to be a writer."

The past year has been strained for the Walston family because Cornelius
Walston, an electrical engineer, had to move to Fayetteville, N.C., to work at
Fort Bragg after the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard closed.

"It weighed on my mind," said Brandon Walston, who has a sister, Tiffany, a
sophomore at Central High School. But the family made the adjustment, with his
father coming home every other weekend and sometimes more often, said Brandon,
"because he misses us so much."

"So much is happening for Brandon now," said his mother. "I think it's been more
overwhelming for me than for him. I'm so pleased. I just hope he continues to do
good work."

PHILADELPHIA ONLINE * For a complete guide to the Presidents' Summit, visit The
Inquirer's site on the Internet: http://www.phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Brandon Walston has a play that will be produced here and in New York. He also
has a role in the Presidents' Summit. (The Philadelphia Inquirer, WILLIAM F.
STEINMETZ)

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              723 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 21, 1986

King for a day / The status of blacks in the US

BYLINE: By LESLIE GOFFE

LENGTH: 656 words


Black people in the US in the 1980's have shuttled to the moon, won the Miss
America beauty pageant, the boards of America's largest corporations, and taken
the highest seats of government in some of the country's largest cities.

But on this Monday, the first observance of the national holiday to commemorate
the birthday of the civil rights activist, Dr Martin Luther King, many blacks
say that despite some improvements, changes have been largely cosmetic. 18 years
after the assassination of Dr King in 1968, black unemployment is still twice
that of white. Black median income has suffered an 8 per cent drop over the last
18 years, according to the US census bureau.


Among those who believe that there has been only cosmetic change is Les Payne,
assistant managing editor at Newsday newspaper. 'Since Dr King's death we have
had a black mayor in Atlanta, Chicago, and in Birmingham, Alabama' - once the
most segregated city in America. 'At that time, this was unthinkable. But as far
as delivering economically for the black majority there has been no improvement.
I think the black condition to this very hour is about economic exploitation.'
It has been so from slavery to post-slavery.

When Payne arrived at Newsday as a reporter in the 1960s, there were only seven
other blacks in editorial. Today there are 40. Payne says that it would be
simplistic to credit Dr King's efforts alone. He points out that the riots that
came after King, and the other activists - like Malcolm X - were major
contributors as well.

'People often only remember King's 'I have a dream' speech,' says Payne, who
himself did some of the major reporting on Dr King. But they only remember 'what
serves to misrepresent him, and misunderstand him'.

Dr Betty Shabazz is the widow of Malcolm X She teaches at a college in New York
named after another murdered civil rights activist, Medgar Evers. She says that
she does not expect that a national holiday will ever be granted for Malcolm X,
who was often considered the militant thread in Dr King's non violent campaigns.

'There is a King day, because there was a Malcolm X', she says. 'There have
always been attempts to put King out in front of Malcolm. Martin Luther King is
a better example for the dominant group's purposes. Malcolm was a better example
for blacks.'

Mayor Ronald Blackwood of Mount Vernon, New York, is the first black mayor of
the city. He thinks that blacks have to make their own opportunities. 'We are
still depending on whites to provide the opportunities for us. Until we go into
business for ourselves we are not going to see real change. It is going to take
perhaps a generation, maybe two generations, for this to become obvious to
people.'

Black students, especially, are feeling the effects of the roll back. Kevin
Brown, 25, is an economics undergraduate. He says that because his fees are paid
by a scholarship created out of the civil rights struggles, he feels an
obligation to steer others towards the opportunities that were made available to
him.

'I think a lot of students are in a race against time. We are all trying to
finish our education before the funds are cut,' he says. Brown thinks that
affirmative action was 'retroactive payment' for black people's time and labour
in America. 'Reversing the programme is like starting afresh. They are trying to
forget the past, but this country was built on the past.'

'Blacks at University now are more concerned with what salary they are going to
get than with making sure the black community as a whole benefits,' Leavis says.
'They do not talk about contributing any more. The dedication to those ideals
have gone.'

Leavis thinks that the national holiday to commemorate Dr King's birthday is
more a symbol than anything else. 'It shows that Martin Luther King Jnr's life,
and the life of the many others that marched, and died with him, were not a
complete waste.'

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 Guardian Newspapers Limited

                              724 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     August 1, 2002 Thursday Final Edition

CFOs face pressure to fudge numbers: 5% in survey admit to misrepresenting the
bottom line

SOURCE: The Wall Street Journal

BYLINE: Paul Beckett

SECTION: Business; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 913 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- It is getting even hotter in the executive suite as regulators
prepare to impose big fines and jail sentences for aggressive accounting that
crosses the line.

A new survey of chief financial officers of top U.S. companies shows that 17 per
cent faced pressure from bosses to misrepresent bottom-line results.

At least five per cent of the 141 CFOs at U.S. companies with more than $1
billion U.S. in sales told CFO Magazine in an article to be published today that
they violated accounting rules at least once in the past five years.

"CFOs face enormous pressure to fudge results," said Julia Homer,
editor-in-chief of CFO Magazine.

These CFOs could face tough action in a little-noticed provision in the new U.S.
corporate-governance law.

It calls for new criminal sanctions for executives that go well beyond a current
Securities and Exchange Commission proposal requiring officers to acknowledge in
writing the accuracy of their corporate financial filings.

Under the new law, chief executives and chief financial officers of all
SEC-registered companies must attest to the veracity of their financial filings;
if they do so knowing the results are false, they will face fines of as much as
$5 million U.S. or as many as 20 years in prison, or both.

That is a big leap from anything the SEC is calling for and is likely to
heighten nervousness in executive suites, as senior corporate officers scramble
to ensure their numbers are unassailable before they sign on the dotted line.

The CFO Magazine survey showed 20 per cent of CFOs reporting so-called pro forma
results (which usually exclude one-time acquisition and restructuring charges)
did not reconcile these numbers with general accounting rules.

It also found that of the 27 per cent of respondents with debt not reflected on
the balance sheet, 61 per cent used special-purpose entities to achieve the
result.

See NUMBERS on page E4

Bankrupt Enron, the first of the major accounting scandals, was exposed as a
master at hiding company debt through these special devices.

The new legislation passed this week will add to the pressure on CFOs.

The provision in the new law is effective immediately, meaning that companies
that are reporting second-quarter numbers between now and mid-August technically
have to file certifications with those results to be in compliance. The new
sanctions aren't retroactive.

"Suddenly, you have the majority of companies that are scheduled to file
second-quarter reports any time between now and Aug. 14 faced with a
certification requirement they were not aware of and may not be aware of," said
Stanley Keller, partner in law firm Palmer & Dodge in Boston.

Chief executives can be forgiven for feeling as if they have certification
overload. Already, the SEC is requiring that top executives at the 947 largest
U.S. companies swear that their recent financial filings are accurate. The SEC
also has proposed that CEOs and finance chiefs at all public companies attest to
their future financial statements. The new law effectively requires the SEC to
pass that proposal by the end of August.

The push for having CEOs and finance chiefs attest personally to the accuracy of
their results has stemmed directly from the crisis of confidence in corporate
responsibility amid scandals from Enron Corp. to WorldCom Inc.

"We hope this will require them to pay more attention to their books than some
have in the past," said an aide to Senator Joseph Biden, the Delaware Democrat
who proposed the criminal sanctions for false certifications in the law that was
passed this week. Lawyers said they expect that in the current environment of
public outrage over corporate misdeeds, U.S. prosecutors are likely to seize on
the new criminal sanctions to bring cases soon.

"I predict a long and high-profile line of these cases coming down the pike,"
said James Walden, partner at law firm O'Melveny & Myers in New York.
"Prosecutors all over the country will be cherry-picking CEOs and going over
their financials with a fine-tooth comb."

But some lawyers say that in the rush to legislate in response to the burgeoning
scandals, Congress was sloppy in its effort to hold senior executives' feet
closer to the fire. For instance, all the certification requirements now in
place have their own legalese about what exactly the executives must certify,
which creates the potential for different answers for different certification
requirements.

Moreover, one oddity in the certification requirement that carries criminal
sanctions is that it doesn't say what happens to an executive who simply fails
to file the certification, while strict penalties await those who file falsely.
According to the law, a CEO or chief financial officer knowingly certifying
inaccurate financial reports could land in jail for as many as 20 years and face
a $5-million fine, depending on the severity of the offence.

Enforcing the new certification with the felony penalty falls to the Justice
Department and not to the SEC, which can only bring civil cases. A Justice
Department spokesman said the government would make a distinction between
executives who certify results but make an error and those who deliberately lie.

"Getting it wrong, as in 'a mistake is a mistake,' then reasonable people can
discuss that," a Justice Department spokesman said. "Falsifying something
implies a will to deceive, and we will prosecute that to the full extent of the
law."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              725 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 28, 2007 Sunday

Running on empty

BYLINE: Jack Spencer

LENGTH: 783 words


Tuesday last, a group led by singers Jackson Browne, Graham Nash and Bonnie
Raitt delivered a petition to the Senate denouncing nuclear energy. Their
spurious arguments are off-key to say the least. They confuse nuclear weapons
with nuclear energy, claim nonexistent dangers and misrepresent nuclear power's
economics.

Otherwise, it was quite a show.

Browne & Co. masquerade as environmentalists, pushing what they describe as
environmental justice. But their agenda would deny Americans, especially the
poorest Americans, access to one of the cleanest, most secure and economically
stable sources of energy available today.

They don't seem to realize that things have changed since the old No-Nuke
movement packed up its placards. Today, the nuclear industry's safety,
environmental and economic record ranks among the best in the energy (or any
other) industry.

In an effort to devalue nuclear power's environmental advantages, Browne's
warriors include the pollutants and carbon dioxide released during the
construction and fueling process in their evaluation, without fully
acknowledging that other energy sources have similar impacts. No
apples-to-apples comparisons for this crowd.

For example, 2 million tons of concrete, about double what a nuclear plant
requires, must be produced and delivered to anchor enough windmills to match one
nuclear plant's energy production. Just producing this concrete emits the
carbon-dioxide equivalent of flying a 747 from New York to London 450 times.

Carbon-free fairies do not magically drop windmills onto mountaintops. Every
windmill or solar panel started as a raw material that was mined, transported
and manufactured using fossil fuel.

We live in a fossil-fuel-based society. Carbon dioxide is released by almost any
activity, whether building a windmill or a nuclear power plant. Ultimately,
however, nuclear technology provides the world an opportunity to make its energy
profile less fossil-fuel-centric.

The new No-Nuke crowd then warns of the ripe targets that nuclear plants provide
terrorists. Really? Now Jackson Browne is a terrorism expert? But his
credibility is, we must say, "Running on Empty." Nuclear plants were among the
nation's most protected assets before 9/11 and have had numerous security
upgrades since. But none of the world's 443 nuclear power plants have been
attacked. Why?

Simply put, they're not easy targets. Nuclear plants are built to withstand
airplane impacts, are heavily guarded and are under constant review. If risks
are discovered, the answer is to fix the problem, not shut down the industry.

But what about the disposal of nuclear waste, the No-Nukers ask? Actually,
industry solved that problem decades ago. Spent fuel is removed from the
reactor. The reusable portion is recycled by separating it and re-using it; the
remainder is placed in either interim or long-term storage, in remote locations
such as Yucca Mountain, Nev. Other countries, including France, safely do this
every day. Politicians and bad public policy prevent it from occurring in the
United States.

Waste transportation is another favorite target. The truth is that nuclear waste
has been transported on roads and railways worldwide for years without incident.
Indeed, more than 20 million waste packages are transported globally each year,
and more than 20,000 shipments have traveled 18 million miles since 1971. It's
just not a problem.

The No-Nukers argue that nuclear power is bad economics. Back in the 1970s, they
successfully drove the costs of nuclear power up by forcing delays and
instigating superfluous regulation. Though affordable, nuclear power is as
expensive as it is today because of that success, not because the technology is
uncompetitive.

The situation is much different today. Streamlined regulation, better designs
and greater efficiency make the economics of today's nuclear plants much more
predictable. Nuclear energy is among the least expensive energy sources today.
Indeed, numerous studies have shown that new nuclear power is very competitive
in a carbon-constrained economy.

The anti-nuke crowd already nearly killed the nuclear industry once; America is
paying for it today with higher energy prices. This time the stakes are higher
and consequences are greater. Sadly, the environment and the poorest Americans
will be hardest hit if they succeed. Nuclear energy is the only realistic and
affordable option if we hope to cap carbon dioxide.

The old rock stars of the world may be able to afford higher electricity prices.
But the single mothers of the world cannot. It's time for a Browne-out.

Jack Spencer is an economics research fellow at The Heritage Foundation. L.
Brent Bozell III is off today.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              726 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 25, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BUSINESS PROFILE

BYLINE: Christina Mancing

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 757 words


ROBERT L. STEELE III

52, general manager of the Grand Hyatt Tampa Bay

Notable: He is chairman of the American Hotel and Lodging Association

First job: At 11 years old, he delivered newspapers on a bicycle.

Education: Bachelor's degree in biology from Tennessee State University

How he got here: As a senior in college, he got a job as a waiter. The concept
of delivering a positive experience to the customer was "instant gratification."
He gave up medical school for the hotel industry.

Advice: "Be patient. It takes time to move up in this industry."

Business philosophy: "It's not just about the bottom line. It's about employees
delivering an experience. ... It's not just about meeting the needs but
exceeding expectations."

Biggest mistake: Never misrepresent yourself; always be loyal and honest.

Unwinding: Reading, golf, watching his children play sports and participate in
events

Favorite music: Old-school rhythm and blues

Current book: "Everyday Greatness" by Steve R. Covey

Christina Mancing

ACCOUNTING

Sonya Forbes has joined the Tampa office of Saltmarsh, Cleveland & Gund as a
manager. Forbes comes to Saltmarsh from Mauldin and Jenkins in Atlanta.

ADVERTISING/MARKETING

These Operations Leadership Team members will oversee the transition to Valpak's
new manufacturing center in St. Petersburg: Shawn Delemeester and Scott Clark,
production directors; Steve Murphy, director of production; Mark Olsen, director
of operations; David Smith, director of quality, safety and engineering
services; and Dave Fox, director of the project management offices.

BANKING/FINANCE

Fifth Third Bank has named Brian D. Lamb chief financial officer. Lamb was CFO
of Home Discovery Real Estate Services Corp.

COMMUNICATIONS

Mel Ardelean has been hired by Cote & D'Ambrosio as vice president, senior
account supervisor. In addition to directing the firm's Tampa office, Ardelean
is responsible for advising clients on marketing and advertising initiatives.

OTHER

Ann Ascani has been named agency development manager for the Greater Tampa Bay
sales territory of Colonial Supplemental Insurance. Ascani joined Colonial in
2003 and was a sales representative.

Tampa Bay Partnership has promoted Chris Steinocher to chief operation officer
and senior vice president of marketing and business development. Karen Raihill
has been promoted to senior vice president of policy development and advocacy.
Jennifer Taylor has been promoted to vice president of business development.
Elisa DeGregorio is now investor relations marketing manager. Diane Dunlap has
been named assistant to the president. Janette Bertholf has joined as director
of finance and administration.

Doosan Hydro Technology has opened a research center. Peter E. Villeneuve has
joined as its director. Brett T. McQuade has joined as researcher. Erik Tynes
has joined as senior process engineer.

Beall's has promoted Jan Longo to division vice president, private brand design
for Beall's Department Stores; James Hooks, divisional vice president, general
merchandise manager for Beall's Outlet Stores; Christine Soto, divisional vice
president, director of logistics for Beall's Outlet Stores.

LAW

Thirteenth Circuit Judge Perry A. Little has retired from the bench after 30
years. Little was appointed to the Hillsborough County Court bench in 1977 by
Gov. Ruben Askew. In 1993, he was appointed to the 13th Judicial Circuit Court
by Gov. Lawton Chiles.

Christopher M. Klemawesch has joined the Tampa office of Carlton Fields as an
associate in the firm's Business Litigation and Trade Regulation Practice Group.
Klemawesch was a law clerk for the U.S. District Court for the Middle District
of Florida and practiced as an associate with White & Castle LLP.

REAL ESTATE

Brenda Daly has been named sales director for MiraBay. Before joining MiraBay,
she was vice president of sales for the Sarasota division of a national
home-building company.


Announcements should be submitted, preferably by e-mail, to Christina Mancing at
cmancing@tampatrib.com. They can be mailed to Business News, The Tampa Tribune,
P.O. Box 191, Tampa FL 33601, or faxed to (813) 258-8504. Photos must be
identified on the back and will not be returned. The Tribune does not guarantee
that announcements will be published.

Photo: ROBERT L. STEELE III

Photo: Brian D. Lamb

Photo: Mel Ardelean

Photo: Ann Ascani

Photo: Chris Steinocher

Photo: Karen Raihill

Photo: Jennifer Taylor

Photo: Elisa DeGregorio

Photo: Diane Dunlap

Photo: Janette Bertholf

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 10

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              727 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 10, 1996, Thursday, THREE STAR Edition

DURBIN SAYS THREAT WON'T ALTER HIS POSITION ON FLAG BURNING

BYLINE: Susan C. Hegger Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Richard J. Durbin, the Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate in
Illinois, says threats of a television ad barrage will not affect his opposition
to a constitutional amendment against flag burning.

Durbin is one of seven candidates nationwide targeted by the Citizens Flag
Alliance, a group that supports the constitutional amendment.

Jim McAvoy, a spokesman for the group, says that if Durbin does not reverse his
position by Oct. 21, the group will unleash television ads against him.

Terry Stephan, Durbin's press secretary, said Wednesday that Durbin had no
intention of going along. She added that the group seriously misrepresents
Durbin's position. Durbin has voted for federal statutes that include criminal
penalties for flag burning. But, she said, he draws the line at a constitutional
amendment.

"Every country has a flag to wave," Stephan said. "But no other has a Bill of
Rights that guarantees each of us the freedom of speech, press and assembly."

That was not good enough for the Citizens Flag Alliance, which is committed to a
constitutional amendment. Support for the amendment is strong in the House, but
McAvoy noted that the amendment had failed by four votes in the Senate.

The alliance, funded largely by the American Legion, is focusing on those
senatorial races that could alter that arithmetic. In Illinois, Al Salvi, the
Republican candidate, supports an amendment.

Among the other candidates targeted by the group are Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr.,
D-Del.; Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.; Tom Strickland, the Democratic senatorial
candidate in Colorado; and Rep. Robert G. Torricelli, the Democratic senatorial
candidate in New Jersey.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              728 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 1, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

FTC cites diet firms for false claims

BYLINE: Mike Snider

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 183 words


The Federal Trade Commission is taking the nation's top two diet programs,
Weight Watchers and Jenny Craig, to court, saying the companies have made false
claims about the success of their programs.

Three others - Diet Center Inc., Nutri/System Inc. and Physicians Weight Loss
Centers of America Inc. - settled Thursday with the FTC on similar charges. They
agreed to:

- Not misrepresent program performance in ads.

- Gather and make available supporting data.

- Include disclosures that most weight loss is temporary and say whether a
testimonial is typical or not.

The FTC acted against these five companies, which have about 60% of the $ 2
billion diet industry, because they "did not have the evidence to back up
promises of dramatic weight-loss or claims that their customers would be able to
keep weight off long-term," says the FTC's Christian S. White.

Jenny Craig's Ronald E. Gerevas says their ads have been "forthright" and
they've been "unfairly assailed."

"We're innocent of these charges," says Weight Watchers' Linda Webb, "and we're
going to prove it in court."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              729 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 14, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Setback to Tobacco Industry Is Termed Slim by Analysts

BYLINE: By KURT EICHENWALD

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 864 words


The tobacco industry is unlikely to experience significant new legal or business
difficulties because of the judgment finding the Liggett Group liable in the
death of a smoker, tobacco industry analysts said yesterday.

The decision of a Federal jury in Newark was viewed by several analysts as the
second-best outcome for the industry, short of victory. The jury exonerated
Liggett and the other defendants, Lorillard Inc. and Philip Morris Inc., of
conspiring to misrepresent the dangers of smoking.

''I haven't spoken to that many people who feel that this decision is really
terrible for the industry,'' said one Wall Street tobacco analyst. ''The verdict
is much too limited.''

Another analyst said: ''The reason you were scared or worried about tobacco
company profitability was that they could have been found guilty on a conspiracy
charge or misrepresentation. That does not seem to be the case.''

Some opponents of smoking, however, said the verdict could prove to be an
important psychological boost for potential litigants.

'Finally Broke Through'

''For the first time ever, some 30-odd years after the first suit was ever
filed, we finally broke through,'' said Richard A. Daynard, a professor at the
Northeastern University School of Law in Boston and the chairman of the Tobacco
Products Liability Project, an anti-tobacco organization. ''Mrs. Cipollone was
just one lady. There are lots and lots of people dying of cigarette-caused
diseases.''

The decision comes at a critical time for the cigarette industry, which had
never lost a case brought by survivors of cancer victims but is facing more than
100 suits.

Last August, it won two rulings in appeals courts that said the Federal law
requiring warnings on cigarette packages pre-empted state laws on most claims
against makers of tobacco products. Those rulings had the practical import of
limiting many claims brought after the passage of the Federal Cigarette Labeling
and Advertising Act of 1965.

Personal Choice

Last night, lawyers for Liggett said they believed that the ruling would have a
favorable effect on the industry.

''If anything, it will close the floodgates on this kind of litigation,'' said
Alan Naar, one of the Liggett lawyers. ''It is clear that the jury ruled in
favor of personal choice and personal responsibility and that they refused to
find any fraud, misrepresentation or conspiracy.''

Indeed, in the case of Rose Cipollone, the jury was allowed to consider only the
period of her smoking before warning labels were put on cigarette packs. She
smoked only Liggett brands before 1966, and in making no findings against the
other defendants in the case, Philip Morris and Lorillard, the ruling did not
indict the actions of the entire industry.

The small size of the award and the jury's failure to award punitive damages
decreases the likelihood that an onslaught of cases will be filed against the
tobacco industry, analysts said.

''The fact that no punitive damages were awarded makes the economics of these
cases far less favorable to the plaintiffs,'' said Emanuel Goldman, an analyst
with Montgomery Securities.

It was unclear last night what the immediate impact on the tobacco industry
would be. Some analysts had been predicting before the verdict that if the
tobacco industry lost the case, the industry stocks would drop by as much as 10
to 15 percent.

But yesterday's seemingly mixed ruling caused many analysts to predict that
stocks would only fall early today, perhaps even regaining any losses by late
afternoon.

The major cigarette manufacturers had prepared themselves for a slide in the
price of their stocks by undertaking share repurchase plans.

Repurchase Programs

Philip Morris, one of the defendants in the case and the industry leader with
more than 37 percent of the entire market, has completed half of a 10
million-share repurchase program. RJR Nabisco, which has more than 32 percent of
the market, recently announced a 5 million-share repurchase plan on top of the
21 million-share tender that it completed in April. American Brands, with about
7 percent of the market, has repurchased all but 2 million shares that it had
authorized for a buyback.

Loews, the parent of Lorillard, which accounts for about 8 percent of the
market, has repurchased stock, but it generally does so without giving any
advance notification.

Analysts were quick to point out that yesterday's ruling would certainly be
appealed and that the process could take a year or more.

Strong Position

The industry as a whole is also in a very strong position. While cigarette sales
have been slipping in the last few years, cigarette companies have never been
richer. Last year, smokers spent about $33.3 billion on cigarettes in the United
States, more than ever before.

Industry earnings hit a record of $3.45 billion in 1985, the last year for which
industry figures were available. Profit margins were higher than ever, reaching
13.8 percent, up from 9.2 percent a decade before.

''If they are only going to be hit with awards of $400,000, the impact of these
cases is not going to be very significant on the industry,'' one analyst said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              730 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mortgage Technology

                                  August 2011

Fraud Fighter;
Armed with technology and training, Ann Fulmer is a leader in the battle against
mortgage fraudsters.

BYLINE: Austin Kilgore Photography By Brooks Kraft

SECTION: COVERSTORY; Pg. 12 Vol. 18 No. 7

LENGTH: 3243  words


Ann Fulmer first encountered the negative consequences of mortgage fraud when a
property-flipping scheme ran rampant in her suburban Atlanta neighborhood. She
took the fraudsters on, using her experience as an attorney to investigate and
root out mortgage fraud. Later, Fulmer co-founded the Georgia Real Estate Fraud
Prevention and Awareness Coalition, which brought together regulators, law
enforcement and the real estate and mortgage industries to combat fraud.

She is now vice president of industry relations at Interthinx. Her role includes
developing tools for the Agoura Hills, Calif.-based company's risk management
and fraud detection services and technology, as well as training law enforcement
and regulatory agencies how to detect mortgage fraud and build cases against
criminals.

MT:How does your experience as an attorney help in your crusade against mortgage
fraud?

Fulmer:Having a legal education teaches you logic and how to organize your
thoughts and write and speak persuasively. More directly, I think it gave me a
lot of insight into fraud and how you deal with fraud legally. Fraud is fraud is
fraud. It's all about the lies, whether that be an active lie, where you
misrepresent something or by omission, when you forget to tell somebody
something.

MT:How would you categorize the state of mortgage fraud in America?

Fulmer: When you look at our Fraud Risk Index, the overall level is down by
approximately 30% from the peak, and that's my perception, too. We're doing
better because we've closed off a lot of opportunities for the most egregious
fraud like stated income, no doc loans and things like that. Lenders have also
improved their processes. Instead of just putting a 4506-T in the file, they're
actually using it to verify income.

That's good, but the problem is it's a cat-and-mouse game. Dealing with fraud is
like a balloon-if you squeeze one place, it will pop out in another. Since we
don't have no-doc programs anymore, we are now seeing more forged documentation.

MT: If origination fraud is down, does that mean fraud is showing up in
servicing?

Fulmer: Fraud is still there, but we're sort of back to where we started because
we can't fully measure it. A lot of fraud is happening in short sales and loan
modifications. The frauds that target the servicing and loss mitigation side
tend not to be recognized or reported because that's never been part of the job
description for people working in those areas.

It's the same kind of pressure now for servicers, too. There's so much economic
and political pressure to have high volume and get these things off the books
quickly. Anytime you have that pressure to turn things quickly, that increases
the risk that fraud is going to go undiscovered.

MT: How do you differentiate between catching fraud and a decline in people
attempting it?

Fulmer:Part of the reason we're seeing a decline in fraud is because originators
are doing a good job of putting up roadblocks. During the boom, the gravy train
was real estate. You had all kinds of people who didn't know the rules, people
who were taking advantage of the fact that there was so much volume and so much
pressure to produce, produce, produce. Now, a lot of those people have washed
out and to some extent, the quality of people involved is better.

But having said that, one of the things we see and that our clients complain
about is a rise in the people within the industry committing fraud.

During the boom there were so many outsiders, all those get rich quick gurus
with their investment clubs. Now, what we see more often are real estate agents
who are at the heart of a short sale flopping network. One of the things that we
are also starting to see again are settlement agents misappropriating funds.
They're not distributing money to the borrowers like they're supposed to;
they're just pocketing it.

MT:What about on a local and regional level? Are the areas that have emerged as
hotbeds for fraud still the places where more activity occurs?

Fulmer:Generally speaking, yes-California, Nevada, Arizona, Florida, Georgia.
And actually Colorado is up there pretty high right now. If you look at the heat
map, Denver is always in a pretty elevated space, along with Chicago, Detroit,
northeast Ohio and around the metro Washington, D.C., area.

One of the things that's important to recognize is that we were flagging those
as high-risk states back in 2005. Now, when you look at the repurchases and the
inquiries that are associated with repurchase activity and with mortgage
insurance rescission activity, they're discovering wow, there really was a lot
of fraud in those areas.

There are a couple things that explain why we still see that. I frequently talk
about the persistent of fraud. There is something about when a property gets
caught up in fraud, especially if it involves valuation issues-which it
frequently does because otherwise, how else are you going to make a profit?

Those properties tend to cycle in and out of fraud. I have some examples from
Atlanta because that's the market that I'm most familiar with and you go back
over a 10-year period and one property was flipped and foreclosed six times in
10 years. Once fraud gets a toehold in an area, it gets very difficult to
eradicate.

There is a very clear association with underwater borrowers and foreclosures.
When you really dig back into it, you see that it really was fraud because these
are the people who were misrepresenting income or the areas where income was
being misrepresented because people couldn't afford to buy the house.

The sad thing about when mortgage fraud goes unchecked, it has a contagion
effect. If a house worth $100,000 gets flipped up to $200,000, that value goes
into the appraiser's reference materials, it goes into the tax digest and the
MLS listings, even people who come into the neighborhood who are legitimate
actors. It contaminates the public record and it allows the whole market to
ratchet up.

It's this horrible, vicious cycle and ultimately what happens is it gets to the
point where people can't afford to buy the house and the only way to get the
mortgage is to lie about their income. And even people who can afford it are
paying a premium because of fraud.

MT: How has the use of technology evolved in the fight against mortgage fraud?

Fulmer:The fraudsters have always used technology to their advantage, whether by
finding people online to be straw buyers or fabricating documents.

Technology is a double-edge sword. Clearly, technology has to be part of the
solution for several reasons. Technology allows fraudsters to make absolutely
picture perfect forgeries. When you look at a document, you don't see what you
saw in the old days, the Wite-Out or the letters squeezed in because somebody is
typing over a bank statement to add a zero to the balance. You get documents
that you absolutely cannot tell are forgeries.

Technology is a way for lenders to very efficiently and quickly assess the
voracity of the information that it contains. You go beyond the look and into
the actual substance of the documents.

MT:What are some examples of going beyond the look of documents?

Fulmer:Say that somebody has a verification of rent document and says they live
in a house and pay a certain amount in rent per month. Technology allows you to
very quickly find out whether or not that applicant actually lives at that
property. Or find out if that property is actually owned by his parents and he
lives in the basement and isn't paying rent.

Income is another one. Somebody says, "Here's my W-2. I'm a bus driver and I
make $120,000 a year." Technology lets lenders find out that bus drivers only
make $60,000 a year, so it's not likely he's making a true statement.

It's pretty easy to fabricate or acquire fake Social Security cards. We had a
case where the FraudGuard System flagged a borrower as having a Social Security
number that had never been issued by the Social Security Administration. We got
a call from the loan officer and he said, "This can't be right because I'm
looking at the card right now."

MT: Are there other ways that technology impacts mortgage fraud?

Fulmer: The fraudsters act like a very malevolent octopus. There's a head and a
bunch of arms that carry out the various functions of the scheme. There's always
a team of people who are working in a very well coordinated fashion.

The industry has always been an octopus with a bunch of arms that aren't
connected to a central head. Everybody's in a silo. Especially when you're
talking about institutionalized fraud, where you have large wings that are doing
multiple transactions and are doing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of
damage. You have to be able to look across all the silos, reach through the fog
and connect all the dots. And technology is the only way to do it.

That's why Interthinx developed the Flex system, which acts like an electronic
consortium. When an application comes in, a person in one bank doesn't know
whether the borrower has submitted five other owner-occupied mortgage
applications in the last two months.

The only way you'd know that is if you talked to the other bankers, but you
can't do that because there are antitrust and privacy issues.

But when you have a database like we do, you can scan across all of the
inventory. We can't identify the individual banks, but we can tell them that
there are other applications in the system for a particular borrower that are
for owner-occupied loans over a specific time period.

Technology helps you break out of the silos and help identify the rings and the
repeat offenders to find those large schemes because it helps you connect the
dots.

There were a lot of people-including some people who work for very large fraud
prevention and detection vendors-who said, "We don't need to worry about fraud
for housing because they're just people who are stretching and they always pay.
They're just trying to get into a house, and we can safely ignore that."

The perception was that these were one-off situations. If you look at them as
one-offs, they're not harmful. But the problem is that if you look at them at
the aggregate level, it shows that there are a lot of them and it adds up. The
subprime mortgage meltdown shows what happens in the aggregate.

MT:Why is short sale flopping so dangerous?

Fulmer: There are a lot of people who don't understand why short sale flopping
is a problem. Isn't it the American way to buy low and sell high? The problem is
when you're flopping, or reducing the price, the bank is leaving money on the
table. Banks have protections for that. They have mortgage insurance, repurchase
demands and other ways they can protect themselves. But what's really happening
with flopping is the fraudsters are creating excess losses.

Now days, especially in the current short sales being negotiated today, the vast
majority of those excess losses are being borne by U.S. taxpayers because it's
either FHA insured or it's going through the GSEs. Because of the
conservatorship, the losses to the GSEs are coming directly out of taxpayer
funds.

That's an important distinction because before, the losses were being borne by
the industry. Now it's being borne by you, me, our kids, our grandkids and maybe
even our great-grandkids.

MT:What is the right balance of technology and human touch in fraud detection
and prevention?

Fulmer: Technology alone is not going to solve the problem. Technology can
identify where the problems are and what the issues are. But you still need to
have human intel and you need to have underwriters who are trained and
understand what the red flags are. Underwriters need to be able to look at the
totality of the file and say, "Does this make sense?"

Technology is a very powerful tool that lets trained people understand where to
look and what the issues are to really dig down and ask the right questions.

We always say time, training and tools. If you're in an environment with a
quota, you have to do so many loans a day, that doesn't necessarily give you the
time you need to really understand what's happening in that file.

For example, an average loan file has 200 pages of documents. One of the things
technology can't show you that a trained underwriter will find is if the
signatures are consistent from document to document. Technology won't spot that,
but a trained underwriter should.

MT:Do lenders have a perception that the effort and expense of pre-closing QC
and post-closing audits on 100% of loan portfolios is too high?

Fulmer: Audits are too late. You've got to stop this stuff before the money goes
out the door. But that is the eternal question, how do you strike that balance?
It's the internal conflict that we face between the competing interests of sales
and safety. Historically it's been hard to establish the return on investment
with prevention.

When I testified for the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, we did an analysis
of loans that were originated from 2005 to 2007. The rate of confirmed fraud in
those loans was 13%. Most conservatively, if you add up all the numbers, it was
a trillion dollars in direct losses due to loan quality.

MT:But any one small lender is only a sliver of that trillion dollars. And
there's a perception that it's simply too cost prohibitive for those lenders.
How does the industry overcome this challenge?

Fulmer: As the technology has evolved, it has gotten more powerful and the
prices are coming down. It's not where it used to be in terms of price, and it
is more affordable.

The way lenders should deal with it is with samples. You pull a certain amount
of production or use threshold criteria for what kinds of loans you're going to
look at. But part of the problem is you have to be really careful about how you
pick that sample. We saw this during the boom, and it's part of the reason the
ratings were so far off and why the due diligence returns were off. You have to
be aware of what the schemes are.

During the boom, I heard lender after lender tell me they run a 10% sample of
their loan volumes through fraud detection reviews. But they'd say we don't need
to look at loans where the borrower is putting 20% down.

The problem was people weren't putting 20% down. In actuality, they were
structuring the transaction to make it look like they were putting 20%.

But if you structure it right, sampling can be an effective, efficient and
cost-effective way to deal with the conundrum that a lender doesn't have a lot
of money to spend. But they have to be very rigorous in how they conduct the
sampling.

MT:What are some of the new ways fraudsters are using technology to commit their
crimes?

Fulmer: They're very adept at social media. They have clubs you can join.
Sometimes we join these groups when we see solicitations to keep an eye on how
the schemes are evolving and what the techniques and tools are.

The problem with the Internet is that there's so much information out there. But
you don't know the quality of the source, especially when it comes to real
estate and real estate investments.

Craigslist is a tool that is frequently used to hook people up when they need to
get fake documents. You still have novelty paycheck websites and novelty bank
statement websites where they have a list of the banks that they'll create
account statements, with the full logo of the bank and whatever amount of money
you want.

They know how to use the search engines and search engine optimization to boost
returns to their websites because they need the pawns in the game. They need the
people to come in and give them their financial identifiers or sign on the
dotted line.

You think you're going to be a real estate investor, but you're really acting as
a straw buyer for whoever's organizing it.

MT:When the industry and law enforcement improve fraud detection, how do you
differentiate between an increase in actual fraud and better identification of
the same level of fraud?

Fulmer:What we report in our Mortgage Fraud Risk Index is based on the
applications we reviewed during the reporting period, current statistics. We've
always reported on the levels of risk and fraud going on in the here and now.

But when you look at FinCen and the FBI, the vast majority of cases they report
on are based on suspicious activity reports of loans that were originated
two-to-five years ago.

The incidents of fraud are being reported now because of the rescissions and the
repurchase activity. When I look at what we were reporting in terms of
geographies and fraud rates back then, this all just confirms what we said. It's
a big I told you so.

As we are unfolding and working through the debris in this horrible train wreck
that we're all in the middle of, it's showing that we were right. We were right
about the geographies, we were right about the levels of fraud and the epidemic
nature of it.

Suspicious activity reports are going up because we are getting better. On
FinCen's sample of suspicious activity reports that involve current activity,
the loans that did not close, I wish they would tell the industry, here are the
geographies you should look out for, here are the mechanics of the scheme. The
point is to provide the industry with actionable intelligence.

We are increasing the robustness of our analytics so instead of just reporting
on the type-specific fraud risks like income, employment, occupancy, collateral
valuation and identity, we can now profile based on loan characteristics like
debt-to-income, loan-to-value, the appraised amount, the loan amount, the FICO
score. We can really nail it down, which gives lenders actionable intelligence.

MT:What is your perception of the priority law enforcement puts on pursuing
mortgage fraud?

Fulmer: The federal Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009 established the
federal law enforcement agencies trying to focus on mortgage fraud and as a
result, there have been task forces set up.

We have seen a lot of interest from the Secret Service, for example. They are
very interested in going after mortgage fraud. I'll be going to their first-ever
training session in August because they're saying we want to get involved in
this.

The FHFA Office of Inspector General recognizes that short sale flopping in
particular is a direct threat to the GSEs and one of the FHFA's mandates of the
conservatorship is to conserve resources. They're starting to build industry
bridges to help them shut down some of these rings because that money is coming
out of U.S. taxpayers' pockets.

The FBI on the other hand, has so many cases, they don't know what to do. There
are only so many agents and they have a much broader mission that goes beyond
mortgage fraud. They're pretty much saturated.

When you look at the state level, the recession and housing collapse has had a
tremendously negative impact on local budgets. Local law enforcement agencies
tend to be, and rightly so, more concerned about public safety crime, the blood
and guts crimes. They've never really had the resources to go after mortgage
fraud.

One of the biggest impediments beyond that is the subpoena power of state law
enforcement agencies is limited. They don't have the ability to go across state
lines and subpoena records. You can ask for records, but if they don't want to
give it to you, you can't force them to.

That restricts the number of cases they do take, even if they have the training
and resources to do it. You have to do stings to catch them in the act of
stealing money. But even then, you can't compel the victims to cooperate.

URL: http://www.mortgage-technology.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MT


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              731 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                              June 22, 2007 Friday

Remembering Richard Rorty, and the Intellectual Battles He Engendered

BYLINE: DAVID GLENN

SECTION: RESEARCH; Pg. 16 Vol. 53 No. 42

LENGTH: 1320 words


Richard Rorty, the pragmatist philosopher who died this month at the age of 75,
was by all accounts a soft-spoken and self-effacing man, but he generated more
than his share of scholarly brawls.

"It is scarcely an exaggeration to say that one could not be taken seriously as
an intellectual in the 1990s without forming some kind of opinion as to Rorty's
views," writes Neil Gross, an assistant professor of sociology at Harvard
University, in his forthcoming book Richard Rorty: The Making of an American
Philosopher, 1931-1982 (University of Chicago Press, 2008).

Mr. Rorty, who spent the last decade of his life as a professor and then
professor emeritus of comparative literature and philosophy at Stanford
University, after long previous stints at Prince­ton University and the
University of Virginia, took criticism from several directions. Many scholars
looked askance at Mr. Rorty because he insisted that purely objective empirical
and moral truths did not exist. (The BBC titled a 2003 documentary about him
Richard Rorty: The Man Who Killed Truth.) Analytic philosophers were often
annoyed with him because he said that their investigations of language,
perception, and the justification of belief are largely a waste of time.

Mr. Rorty also came under fire from postmodernists who admired his
antifoundationalist approach to truth but were disappointed by what they saw as
his tepid, reformist politics. And he even took flak from several scholars among
the small band who shared his commitment to reviving philosophical pragmatism.
(Mr. Rorty, they complained, tended to misrepresent the views of his idol, John
Dewey.)

For all of the criticism, though, Mr. Rorty was deeply admired in many quarters.
"If you're doing philosophy today, it's impossible not to read Rorty," Eduardo
Mendieta, an associate professor of philosophy at the State University of New
York at Stony Brook, said in an interview. Mr. Mendieta is the editor of Take
Care of Freedom and Truth Will Take Care of Itself: Interviews With Richard
Rorty (Stanford University Press, 2006).

"He's probably the most interdisciplinary philosopher that the United States has
produced," Mr. Mendieta continued. "He writes on law, he writes on religion, he
writes on science, he writes on literature. Of all the American philosophers of
the last half century, he was the most ecumenical. He was incredibly
cosmopolitan in his approach to philosophical issues."

In a chapter in a 1996 book edited by Louis Menand, The Future of Academic
Freedom (University of Chicago Press), Mr. Rorty lamented that some
postmodernists had misinterpreted his skepticism about truth, taking it as a
license to politicize the university because, after all, objectivity and
disinterestedness are impossible.

"These people are wrong," Mr. Rorty wrote. Even though the traditional
truth-based justifications for the university are inadequate, he argued, it is
still worth defending the university's practices of open inquiry: "To help keep
the academy free and depoliticized, we should, for example, make sure that
professors do not mock the beliefs of their students, that donors do not
designate particular persons to fill the chairs they endow, and that a scholar's
conclusions about controversial issues within her field, or about political or
philosophical matters, continue to be irrelevant to her membership in the
university."

One scholar who knows about Mr. Rorty's intellectual battles as well as anyone
is Robert B. Brandom, a professor of philosophy at the University of Pittsburgh.
Mr. Brandom studied with Mr. Rorty at Princeton in the 1970s, and he edited
Rorty and His Critics (Blackwell, 2000), in which Jürgen Habermas, Hilary
Putnam, Daniel C. Dennett, and other eminent figures sparred with Mr. Rorty.

Mr. Brandom spoke with The Chronicle last week.

Q. How will you remember Richard Rorty?

A. The most remarkable thing about him is that you have this person who's been
called the most interesting philosopher in the world -- he spent the last 30
years of his life constantly on the road, speaking to huge audiences wherever he
went -- and at the same time, he's the most modest, even shy, man. It never
occurred to him that he was important as a person or as an individual. ... It's
absolutely characteristic that his passionate hobby should be bird watching. He
was watching the birds; people were not watching him then; he was offstage. That
was how he wanted it to be.

Q. Was he bothered by criticism?

A. One of his favorite phrases was "the human conversation." In the end, that
was his greatest value. He always wanted to know what contribution to the human
conversation something would make. And by and large, that meant, What
interesting things would it provoke other people to say in response?... He
embodied the value that he put on the human conversation by being simply the
most conversable man on the planet. He would talk to anybody, anytime, about
anything. Undergraduates from obscure colleges who'd gotten fired up for or
against something he'd written -- he was absolutely as willing to engage them as
he was Quine or Habermas.

The only people he found difficult were people who had a blinkered and
restrictive view of philosophy -- people who used, "Well, that's not a
philosophical point" as a conversation stopper.

Q. Did some American philosophers frown on his use of literary sources like
Marcel Proust or Continental thinkers like Jacques Derrida?

A. Yes, that was something -- particularly at the height of the culture wars
over postmodernism -- that people found hard to forgive. They thought that a
bright line needed to be drawn between rationalists and irrationalists, and that
his willingness to continue a conversation with people who questioned the limits
of rationality. ... Some people thought that this involved Dick putting himself
beyond the pale.

People talked about him being excommunicated from analytic philosophy in the
early 1980s after [his 1979 book] Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature. And his
response to that was a characteristic shrug: "I wasn't aware that it was a
church."

Q. At the end of his life, Mr. Rorty's primary academic home was in a department
of comparative literature. Had he and philosophy given up on each other?

A. I think that he came to philosophy as a very young man at the University of
Chicago, seeing philosophy as the highest of intellectual adventures, as the
place where one might do the kind of pure theorizing that, for all of his
philosophical views to the contrary, was really where his talents lay. ...

I think he aspired to find in philosophy some successor institution or textual
tradition to a religious tradition that he'd not been raised in, but had been
nonetheless very influenced by. [Mr. Rorty[Apo]s maternal grandfather was the
liberal Protestant theologian Walter Rauschenbusch.] I think this was in much
the same way as the generation of American philosophers after Darwin looked to
idealism to be a secular substitute for religion.

Rorty's professional life is the history of his disappointment with philosophy
in that role, and his coming to terms with the realization that philosophy
couldn't do that, and that therefore we ought not want philosophy to do that.
And, you know, saying that is one thing, but really reconciling yourself to it
is something else. ...

It's quite ironic that the sort of thoughtless, but common, philosophical
criticism of Rorty was that he was a relativist, an ironist, someone who simply
did not take philosophical problems seriously in the way that believers in Truth
and Reality did. And in fact, nothing could be further from the truth. These
were desperately important issues for him. He took them as seriously as it's
possible to do. It's just that, taking them seriously, he was still not willing
to kid himself about them. And many of the traditional claims about these
concepts and issues he found, in his seriousness, that he needed to reject.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved

                              732 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 15, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Of Course They Manipulate Cigarette Nicotine;
Decrease in Levels

SECTION: Section A;  Page 22;  Column 6;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 293 words



To the Editor:

"Addiction by Design?" (editorial, March 6) discusses the implications of a
letter by David Kessler Food and Drug Administration commissioner, to the
Coalition on Smoking or Health, on the handling of nicotine in cigarette
production. At several points, Dr. Kessler's letter and your editorial
misrepresent the facts.

Nicotine occurs naturally in tobacco. Nothing in the processing of tobacco or
the manufacture of cigarettes increases the nicotine in our products above what
is naturally found in the tobacco. Our manufacturing results in less nicotine in
every cigarette we make than in raw, unprocessed tobacco. Moreover, consumer
taste preferences have led to products with lower tar and nicotine levels. As a
result, the overall nicotine content in cigarettes has declined more than 50
percent in the last 40 years.

As for addiction, a Surgeon General's report states that more than 40 million
Americans have quit smoking, and more than 90 percent of them did so with no
professional help. These findings are not consistent with the behavior of
individuals addicted to drugs like heroin or cocaine.

Finally, I would like to clarify the process used in making reconstituted
tobacco, which is designed to make efficient use of all parts of the tobacco
plant. The first patent on tobacco reconstitution was issued almost 150 years
ago. The level of nicotine in the finished, reconstituted tobacco is
significantly lower than the nicotine level in unprocessed tobacco.

Cigarettes are a legal product, and more than 50 million American adults choose
to smoke. We are proud of the quality standards in making our product.

WILLIAM I. CAMPBELL
President & Chief Exec. Officer
Philip Morris, U.S.A.
New York, March 7, 1994

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              733 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   May 6, 2004 Thursday Penn/Elkhart Edition

Appeals court to hear Boat Club lawsuits;
Club wants dismissal of student suits reversed in hearing at Franklin College

BYLINE: By MARTI GOODLAD HELINE; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 588 words


After excise police find underage patrons in a tavern, should the bar be
permitted to sue to recover damages from a student who falsely claimed to be 21?

Students at Franklin College will have a chance Friday to hear oral arguments
presented to the Indiana Court of Appeals in a St. Joseph County case involving
lawsuits a South Bend bar filed against underage college students caught inside.

A year ago, the Millennium Club Inc., which operates The Boat Club, filed the
suits in small claims court seeking $3,000 damages each from some 200 people
cited as underage patrons.

In a January 2003 raid, state excise police issued tickets to 213 people, most
of whom were University of Notre Dame or Saint Mary's College students inside
the popular bar at 106 N. Hill St.

Because of the minors in a tavern, the bar faces sanctions, which have not yet
been imposed by the state Alcohol and Tobacco Commission.

The original suits accused the students of causing damage to the bar by using
false identification to intentionally misrepresent their age and also signing
affidavits falsely claiming to be 21.

The case comes before the Court of Appeals on Friday in an appeal filed by
Millennium Club over the dismissal of about 40 of the suits last summer by St.
Joseph Superior Court Magistrate Richard McCormick.

The other suits have been on hold awaiting the outcome of the appeal, except for
a few who have reportedly settled with the bar's owner.

The oral arguments are set for 10 a.m. Friday at Franklin College in Franklin,
south of Indianapolis. The Court of Appeals occasionally takes cases of special
interest "on the road."

The case is one of "first impression" because it involves a legal issue on which
the Indiana Court of Appeals and Supreme Court have not ruled.

Attorney John Hamilton, of South Bend, will present the bar's case. Representing
the students is attorney Edward A. Sullivan III of the Baker & Daniels office in
South Bend. Attorney Brooks Grainger has one client in the appeal, but will not
be part of the argument.

The Boat Club maintains the magistrate was wrong to dismiss the cases because
the underage patrons had already been subjected to penalties by having to pay
fines for their citations.

In his ruling, the magistrate found that Indiana had a regulatory structure in
place for bar owners to show whether or not they've had violations of their
liquor license.

Hamilton is expected to argue that nothing in state laws governing the use of
alcohol forbids a civil claim of fraud.

The common law right to sue for damages over a party's fraudulent
misrepresentation should not be excluded simply because the state Legislature
has prescribed laws governing the sale and consumption of alcohol beverages,
according to Hamilton.

From The Boat Club's perspective, it's two separate issues. But the students'
lawyer will most likely point out that his clients were held accountable for
their conduct and penalized under the law. Some also had penalties through their
schools.

Hamilton is also expected to argue that the bar should be entitled to pursue the
damages suits to trial for a determination of what the evidence would show the
facts of the situation to be.

Case law on the issue from other states go more against the bar than in favor of
it, according to the students' attorney's brief.

But Hamilton said that several of those cases are not on point with the unique
issues in the local suit.

Staff writer Marti Goodlad Heline:

mheline@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6327


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                              734 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  January 16, 1995, Monday, FIVE STAR Edition

NIKE AD CHARACTER GETS NAME, AND A SUPER BOWL SPEECH

BYLINE: Oscar Waters Some information for this column was provided by
Post-Dispatch wire services.

SECTION: BUSINESS PLUS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 748 words

OSCAR WATERS MARKETING NOTES COLUMN


Not only does the Kramer character on the "Seinfeld" television series finally
have a first name (Cosmo), now the deranged fan played by Dennis Hopper in Nike
Inc. commercials has a name: Stanley Craver.

The name is revealed in a series of teaser ads that started airing Sunday to
promote a speech by Craver in a 90-second ad during the Super Bowl on Jan. 29.
The spots were created by the Wieden & Kennedy ad agency.

In the teaser ads, various football stars, including quarterbacks Troy Aikman of
the Dallas Cowboys, Neil O'Donnell of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Brett Favre of
the Green Bay Packers, commend Stanley and back his right to make the speech
about his love of football.

"I know a lot of people don't like him because he's a little weird, but I think
he'll make a great speech at the Super Bowl," San Diego Chargers running back
Natrone Means says in one of the teaser ads.

The Hopper character, who has sniffed the sneakers of football stars in some
spots and resembles some of the movie characters Hopper has played, first
appeared in November 1993.

Despite some criticisms that Craver misrepresents football fans or that he makes
fun of mentally ill people, Nike says the campaign has been a big success.

By the way, although it doesn't say so in the ads, Craver supposedly lives near
the football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio, according to Nike.

NEITHER RAIN NOR SNOW. . . Despite the recent ice/snow that hit the metropolitan
area a couple of Fridays ago, all six of the advertising executives scheduled to
judge the ADDY awards competition managed to make it into town.

The panel, sponsored by Anheuser-Busch Cos., consisted of six executives
representing ad agencies across the country. They reviewed 821 entries in more
than 75 categories. Winners of this year's competition, sponsored by the
Advertising Club of Greater St. Louis, will be announced at the annual ADDY
Adwards ceremony Feb. 9 at the Randall Gallery.

DEALINGS: Pfeiffer plus Co. has been selected to work with the St. Louis Zoo
Friends Association on the next "Zoofari" fund-raising event. Pfeiffer plus is
providing graphic design services that include logo designs for both Zoofari '95
and Kid's Zoofari, invitations, letterhead, programs and a poster. Zoofari '95
will be held June 16; Kid's Zoofari makes its debut June 9.

CHEMICAL KUDOS: An advertisement for Gelva Pressure-Sensitive Adhesives produced
by the Chemical Group of Monsanto Co. has earned a bronze Sawyer Award in the
annual competition sponsored by Business Marketing magazine. The contest draws
about 300 entries from approximately 150 advertising agencies nationwide.

The Monsanto ad was created by Sargent & Potratz, an industrial and agricultural
advertising and public relations agency with offices in St. Louis, Milwaukee and
Minneapolis. Judging was done by a panel of business-to-business ad agencies and
clients. The three winners - gold, silver and bronze - were announced in the
January issue of Business Marketing magazine.

GREAT OUTDOORS: The Advertising Club of Greater St. Louis will meet at 11:30
a.m. Tuesday at the Regal Riverfront Hotel. Bert Kemp and Jane Mulligan of the
Gannett Outdoor Group will give results of a study concerning advertising
techniques that work in any advertising medium, not just outdoors. For more
information, call 231-4185.

CHICAGO SHIFT: Busch Creative Services Corp. has relocated and expanded its
Chicago branch operations to 1450 East American in suburban Schaumburg, Ill. The
agency, an independent subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch Cos., is also increasing its
staff.

PEOPLE: Kathy Schrage has been elected a senior vice president at Hughes, a
Clayton-based marketing communications firm. . . .

Steven S. Loher has joined the Glennon Cos. as human resources-office manager. .
. .

Monica McFee has been named to fill the newly created position of marketing
director for the Regional Arts Commission. . . .

Ed Jacquin has been appointed director of marketing at Rehab Choice Inc. . . .

Brian Booth has been named director of sales and marketing for the Hyatt Regency
Hotel St. Louis at Union Station. . . .

St. Louis Studio Services, a video and audio production-duplication firm, has
added Joanne Gonzales and Cathleen Kelley as account representatives. . . .

David Kwinn has been named vice president-marketing for Cooper Automotive's
aftermarket sales. . . .

Saunders Marketing Group has promoted Angela Fox to account executive.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Photo headshot of (Kathy) Schrage (2) Photo Headshot of
(Steven S.) Loher (3) Photo Headshot of (Monica) McFee (4) Photo Headshot of
(Ed) Jacquin (5) Photo Headshot of (Brian) Booth (6) Photo Headshot of (Joanne)
Gonzales (7) Photo Headshot of (Cathleen) Kelley (8) Photo Headshot of (David)
Kwinn.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              735 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday

Brattleboro couple receive $140k civil judgment from contractor

BYLINE: By Robert Audette raudette@reformer.com @audette.reformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


BRATTLEBORO   A local jazz singer and her husband, a radio personality on
WKVT-AM, were awarded more than $140,000 for a contractor's failure to finish
repairs to the couple's home at Fuller Drive, which was damaged by a fire in
February 2013.

According to a press release from Costello, Valente & Gentry, P.C., Samirah
Evans and Christopher Lenois contracted with Brendan Kavanaugh and his company,
Paradox Solid Surface, Inc., of Westhampton, Mass., to make the repairs.

"Kavanaugh's rebuilding job was negligent, behind schedule, and disregarded
local building codes," stated the press release. "Ultimately Kavanaugh walked
off the job while it was still incomplete."

Evans and Lenois also alleged that Kavanaugh had charged them for work he had
not completed, made an effort to misrepresent the nature of his charges, and
removed building materials that they had purchased.

James Valente told the Reformer the judgment was approved by Windham Superior
Court, Civil Division, by Judge John Wesley. The judgment included the cost to
finish rebuilding the home, along with attorney's fees, and costs.

"It isn't over yet, unfortunately," said Valente. Evans and Lenois have yet to
collect any money from Kavanaugh. "We need to commence a collection action in
Massachusetts."

Through counsel, Evans and Lenois asserted that Kavanaugh's alleged conduct
created liability for breach of contract, negligence and conversion under
Vermont's Consumer Protection Act. After participating in litigation for more
than a year, Kavanaugh failed to attend either mediation or Court hearings,
which resulted in a judgment for default against him.

While Kavanaugh failed to show up for mediation, said Valente, he did
participate in some of the litigation process prior to mediation.

"We know where he lives and fortunately we don't have to deal with that aspect.
We also have to determine what assets he has."

The judgment is bittersweet for Evans and Lenois, said Costello.

"They lost their home in New Orleans due to Hurricane Katrina. They moved up
here and the fire put them out of their house for a year."

Evans and Lenois, who were not available for comment, hired a second contractor,
who finished the work.

Bob Audette can be contacted at 802-254-2311, ext. 160.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              736 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          November 12, 2008 Wednesday

U. psychologist says group distorting her same-sex research

BYLINE: By Brian Maffly The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 742 words


A national group that advocates "treatment" of homosexuality is being criticized
for allegedly distorting a Utah researcher's work to advance the theory that
people choose their sexual orientation - a controversial notion rejected by
mainstream psychology.

Lisa Diamond, a University of Utah psychologist whose sexual-identity studies
suggest a degree of "fluidity" in the sexual preferences of women, said in an
interview Tuesday that the National Association for Research & Therapy of
Homosexuality, or NARTH, misrepresents her findings. Position papers, some
penned by NARTH President A. Dean Byrd, an adjunct professor in the U.'s
Department of Family and Preventive Medicine, point to Diamond's research as
evidence that gays' sexual orientation can be straightened out through treatment
- much to Diamond's dismay.

"If NARTH had read the study more carefully they would find that it is not
supported by my data at all. I bent over backward to make it difficult for my
work to be misused, and to no avail. When people are motivated to twist
something for political purposes, they'll find a way to do it," Diamond says in
a videotaped interview posted on the Internet.

Diamond made those remarks two weeks ago as Californians were debating
Proposition 8, the divisive ballot measure that mandates marriage as solely
between a man and a woman. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
encouraged members to give time and money to the successful campaign, triggering
a cascade of criticism and protests.

Diamond's comments specifically targeted Encino, Calif., psychologist Joseph
Nicolosi, co-founder of NARTH and the author of "Healing Homosexuality" and "A
Parent's Guide to Preventing Homosexuality."

"You know exactly what you're doing," says Diamond, an associate professor of
psychology and gender studies, in the video. "There's no chance this is a
misunderstanding or simply a different scientific interpretation. . . . It's
illegitimate and it's irresponsible and you should stop doing it."

Nicolosi did not respond to an interview request and Byrd claimed he did not
know why Diamond, a fellow U. faculty member, took umbrage with NARTH's citation
of her work.

"NARTH's view is that people can adapt any way they want and there is freedom of
choice," Byrd says. "If it says 'fluidity' it says 'fluidity.' How you interpret
it is something else."

Diamond, who has never met Byrd, said in an interview that NARTH "cherry-picks"
findings or references from her work that appear to support their position. Her
denunciation of NARTH was instigated by Truth Wins Out, a New York City-based
watchdog that patrols social conservative groups' use of social science in
support of hot-button agendas.

"They use these fake statistics and distort science to support bigotry and
discrimination. It's important to take these tools away from them," founder
Wayne Besen says.

NARTH is based in Nicolosi's California office but maintains an office in the
same downtown Salt Lake City building as Evergreen International, a Mormon
faith-based group that encourages gays to abandon same-sex attraction. While the
two groups do not advertise their association, NARTH's sole paid staffer last
year was Evergreen's executive director, David Pruden, according to tax
documents.

NARTH is no stranger to controversy. One past president, the late psychiatrist
Charles Socarides, campaigned for years against the American Psychiatric
Association's 1973 decision to discontinue listing homosexuality as a mental
illness. The American Psychological Association likewise maintains a stance of
deep skepticism toward reparative therapies that seek to convert patients to
heterosexuality.

"To date, there has been no scientifically adequate research to show that
therapy aimed at changing sexual orientation is safe or effective," the APA says
on its Web site. "Furthermore, it seems likely that the promotion of change
therapies reinforces stereotypes and contributes to a negative climate for
lesbian, gay, and bisexual persons."

Diamond goes even further.

"The therapists are saying, 'We can change your orientation,' when all of the
data - all of the data - suggest that is not the case. They say same-sex
attractions can disappear. They don't," she says. Reparative therapies "do
additional damage" with techniques that incorporate electroshock and
nausea-inducing treatments "that leave people feeling greater shame, greater
guilt, worse about themselves."

bmaffly@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              737 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 11, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

From Ivory Tower

SECTION: Section 8; Column 4; Sports Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 179 words



To the Sports Editor:

Re ''If a Student Can Major in Piano, Why Can't a Player Major in Passing?''
(Back Talk, Dec. 4): Dan McDermott throws incomplete in his argument that a
degree in ''quarterback'' would be similar to a degree in piano.

He misrepresents what is required to receive a music degree. A student who earns
a Bachelor of Music in Piano Performance does indeed practice thousands of
hours, but that's not all -- there are several semesters each of music theory
and history, piano literature and pedagogy, in addition to a large core
curriculum and general requirements.

The headline asks, ''Why can't a player major in passing?'' He can. Many fine
universities offer degrees in exercise science, sports studies, physical
education and sports management.

McDermott states that ''high schools have always given breaks to actors,
dancers, singers.''

At a time of slashed arts education funding and cultural illiteracy, that is
most likely the exception, not the rule.

David H. Johnson
Macon, Ga.

The writer is assistant professor of music theory at Mercer University.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company

                              738 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                               May 7, 2010 Friday
                                National Edition

Baseball has a right to stay silent

BYLINE: Claire Hoy, National Post

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 255  words


Re: Baseball Needs To Take A Stand, Jeremy Sandler, May 6.

Jeremy Sandler disses baseball's official silence on Arizona's new immigration
law by resorting to the tiresome shibboleth that it is a racist ploy by
well-heeled, right-wing, white, Republican club owners. He also misrepresents
the heroic Jackie Robinson to buttress his case.

Robinson's quote [ "The right of every American to first-class citizenship is
the most important issue of our time"] had to do with the unconscionable
treatment of American citizens based solely on their col-our. It had nothing to
do with illegal immigrants.

Second, there have been federal laws in the United States since the 1950s
requiring immigrants to produce papers when demanded by authorities. Had the
feds been more diligent, state laws wouldn't be necessary.

And finally, a current New York Times/ CBS poll found that 89% of American
respondents said current immigration laws need major changes to deal with the
serious issue of illegal immigrants. What's more, 60% said Arizona's law is
either just right or doesn't go far enough, a number which crosses all party
lines, including Democrats and Independents.

So much for the dreaded right-wing cabal. If Mr. Sandler is really offended by
"racism" in baseball, he should chastise Chicago White Sox's millionaire Latino
manager Ozzie Guillen's scurrilous charge that Latinos are "the ones who work in
the sun all day long to make this country better" because most Americans are
"very lazy."

Talk about racial stereotyping.

Claire Hoy, Toronto.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo:; Jackie Robinson

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              739 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Farm Aid's Strange Agribusiness Bedfellows, Files Legal Complaint

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   On the eve of the annual Farm Aid concert, Saturday in Bristow, Virginia, The
Cornucopia Institute, an organic industry watchdog, has filed a formal legal
complaint against Farm Aid's marquee sponsor, Bonterra Organic Vineyards,
alleging it misrepresents its products as "organic."





 This is not the first time Cornucopia has attempted to bring serious ethical
concerns to the attention of Farm Aid's Board of Directors and management.



 At past concerts Farm Aid has showcased their sponsor Silk, the leading brand
of plant-based beverages, then owned by the giant dairy conglomerate Dean Foods
(a.k.a. WhiteWave). Cornucopia supplied Farm Aid officials with information
concerning Silk abandoning U.S. farmers to purchase organic soybeans from China
at cheaper prices. Another past marquee Farm Aid sponsor, also owned by
Dean/WhiteWave, was the Horizon Organic dairy brand, with a considerable amount
of their milk production coming from giant "factory farms" with a history of
violating the organic federal standards.



 "Quite frankly," said the Cornucopia Institute's Codirector Mark Kastel, "we
don't really mind if Farm Aid raises money from corporate agribusinesses, and
then launders it by making small grants to nonprofits that help family farmers.
But we do mind them greenwashing some of the brands owned by 'bad actors' in the
organic industry."



 The current dustup alleges Bonterra, a brand owned by the giant Chilean
conglomerate Concha y Toro, and operated under its Fetzer subsidiary in
California, as misrepresenting its wine as organic. Their website clearly states
that, "all of our award-winning wines are certified organic by CCOF." The
company also touts its "organic collection" on their e-commerce portal. Based on
Cornucopia's initial investigation, none of the company's wine is actually
certified organic.



 It appears that only the grapes are organic. Wine producers that add sulfur
dioxide, a synthetic preservative, cannot legally qualify to represent their
products as organic. Preservatives, including sulfur dioxide (or sulfites) are
explicitly banned in U.S. organic food and wine production.



 "There is nothing improper about labeling your wine 'made with organic grapes'
and then adding sulfites," said Kastel. "However, look at the preponderance of
the Bonterra marketing campaign: the patently illegal and misleading verbiage on
their website, the logo of the largest organic certifier in the country on their
primary label, and their subterfuge in terms of corporate ownership. It's a
shame that Farm Aid didn't choose one of the high-integrity, certified organic
vintners that they could proudly stand with."



 Cornucopia suggests that whenever a company, like Fetzer's Bonterra brand,
plays fast and loose with the integrity of the organic label it materially
injures ethical industry participants that go to the extra effort to qualify for
organic labeling. In the case of winemaking that means meticulous sanitation
practices rather than depending on synthetic preservatives to cover up potential
flaws in their process.



 In 2011 Cornucopia supported certified organic winemakers in their successful
effort to push back an aggressive lobbying campaign, by the wine industry, to
weaken organic standards by allowing the use of sulfur dioxide in certified
organic wines. California vintners, like Frey Vineyards and LaRocca Vineyards,
successfully demonstrated to the USDA's National Organic Standards Board that
they could produce excellent organic wine without preservatives.



 "I'm afraid we've seen a bit of a pattern with Farm Aid promoting brands, owned
by corporate agribusiness giants, that betray consumer goodwill and trust in the
organic label," added Kastel.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              740 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 26, 2010 Saturday

Crabtree, Cramer spar over Big Stone II

BYLINE: REBECCA BEITSCH

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 871 words


Bismarck Tribune

The Public Service Commission approved a settlement Friday that allows
Montana-Dakota Utilities Co. and Otter Tail to pass the costs of a failed plant
onto consumers.

At a staff meeting earlier this week, North Dakota's three public service
commissioners blamed the failure of the Big Stone II plant on the uncertainty of
the regulatory environment because of cap-and-trade legislation. They authorized
the two electric companies to pass the $13.7 million of the development costs
onto consumers.

That move has Democratic PSC candidate Brad Crabtree crying foul, saying the PSC
is politicizing an issue when they should not have given the companies an
advance determination of prudence for a plant using old technology.

The PSC issues an advance determination of prudence if they believe a company
has shown the project is necessary for supplying energy. Doing so obligates them
to award the company the right to recover invested money if the project fails.

"Blaming failure for this project on federal legislation that never passed
Congress intentionally misrepresents the facts of the case and politicizes the
critical nonpartisan role of the Public Service Commission to a degree that is
both disturbing and unprecedented," Crabtree said in a statement. "North Dakota
ratepayers are now left with a bill because Kevin Cramer and his colleagues
backed a project that was economically uncertain and featured yesterday's coal
technology, not today's."

As part of the settlement agreement, the commissioners asked for MDU to
periodically run an insert in its billings to explain that failure for the
project lies with uncertainties caused by cap-and-trade. The PSC has editorial
control over the insert, which will first appear along with the August bills.

Crabtree said the commissioners are trying to divert attention away from a
poorly-made decision on their part. He said the economic uncertainty of the
project was obvious when they awarded the advanced determination of prudence in
2008 because another partner in the project, Great River Energy, had dropped out
about a year earlier, citing reduced energy demand and greater interest in
pursuing renewable energy projects.

Crabtree said blaming the Obama administration is a flawed argument. The 2008
election hadn't been decided when they gave the OK to MDU and Otter Tail to
proceed with the project, although Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., had introduced a
cap-and-trade bill previously and a climate change bill was expected in the near
future, Crabtree said.

"All the uncertainty and all the risk for this project were obvious and
documented when they made their decision in the summer of 2008," Crabtree said.

Commission Chairman Cramer, Crabtree's Republican opponent in the race, said
Crabtree's statements show the difference between being a commissioner and
wanting to be one. Cramer said he still believes cap-and-trade is the main
culprit in the failure of Big Stone II and that all the other financial problems
were tied to a "paralyzed Congress" that was unable to pass a climate bill.

Cramer said he still believes the project was prudent, given the fact that they
are not allowed to consider unquantifiable environmental externalities when
determining prudence - an issue now before the state Supreme Court. Cramer said
those externalities could be environmental legislation or decisions made about
utilities in neighboring states. They can't be considered because "they are not
hard costs," Cramer said.

"In this case, there was testimony by interveners that it (the Big Stone II
project) shouldn't be prudent because there were going to be environmental costs
in the future," Cramer said. "But we were barred from considering any future
environmental costs in our decision. We can't even use that testimony."

Crabtree said that contrary to the commissioner's assertions about federal
policy, other utilities proposing more advanced coal generation technologies
during the same time period have managed to proceed to construction, including
more advanced, efficient and lower emission power plants in Arkansas and
Indiana.

"This is not about federal climate policy, this is about whether the commission
made a responsible decision for ratepayers. Their primary responsibility is to
make sure consumers are protected," Crabtree said. "Their decisions aren't
supposed to adversely affect consumers, but their decision did."

Cramer said he is working to tweak the law of advanced determination of
prudence. He said he doesn't disagree with the concept, but it bothers him that
companies get a return on their investment before plant construction has even
begun - just like Big Stone II.

"The company gets to count the money they invested on lawyers and engineering
and publicity as part of the costs, and then they get a 9 percent return on
that," Cramer said.

He said he would prefer the return come at a much lower rate.

The PSC's decision will allow a rate increase for three years or until the
company recovers the funds. For the average MDU customer, bills will rise by
$1.49 a month, while Otter Tail customers may see a 62-cent increase starting
this August.

(Reach reporter Rebecca Beitsch at 250-8255 or 223-8482 or
rebecca.beitsch@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              741 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday

Things have changed since the days of old 'No-Nukes' movement

BYLINE: JACK SPENCER

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 802 words


On Oct. 23, a group led by singers Jackson Browne, Graham Nash and Bonnie Raitt
delivered a petition to the Senate denouncing nuclear energy. Their spurious
arguments are off-key, to say the least. They confuse nuclear weapons with
nuclear energy, claim non-existent dangers and misrepresent nuclear power's
economics. Otherwise, it was quite a show.

Browne and Co. masquerade as environmentalists, pushing what they describe as
environmental justice. But their agenda would deny Americans, especially the
poorest Americans, access to one of the cleanest, most secure and economically
stable sources of energy available today.

They don't seem to realize that things have changed since the old No-Nukes
movement packed up its placards. Today, the nuclear industry's safety,
environmental and economic record ranks among the best in the energy (or any
other) industry.

In an effort to devalue nuclear power's environmental advantages, Browne's
warriors include the pollutants and carbon dioxide released during the
construction and fueling process in their evaluation, without fully
acknowledging that other energy sources have similar impacts. No
apples-to-apples comparisons for this crowd.

For example, 2 million tons of concrete, about double what a nuclear plant
requires, must be produced and delivered to anchor enough windmills to match one
nuclear plant's energy production. Just producing this concrete emits the
carbon-dioxide equivalent of flying a 747 from New York to London 450 times.

Carbon-free fairies do not magically drop windmills onto mountaintops. Every
windmill or solar panel started as a raw material that was mined, transported
and manufactured using fossil fuel.

We live in a fossil-fuel based society. Carbon dioxide is released by almost any
activity, whether building a windmill or a nuclear power plant. Ultimately,
however, nuclear technology provides the world an opportunity to make its energy
profile less fossil-fuel-centric.

-- The new No-Nukes crowd then warns of the ripe targets that nuclear plants
provide terrorists. Really? Now Jackson Browne is a terrorism expert? But his
credibility is, we must say, "Running on Empty." Nuclear plants were among the
nation's most protected assets before Sept. 11 and have had numerous security
upgrades since. But none of the world's 443 nuclear power plants have been
attacked. Why?

Simply put, they're not easy targets. Nuclear plants are built to withstand
airplane impacts, are heavily guarded and are under constant review. If risks
are discovered, the answer is to fix the problem, not shut down the industry.

-- But what about the disposal of nuclear waste, the no-nukers ask? Actually,
industry solved that problem decades ago. Spent fuel is removed from the
reactor. The reusable portion is recycled by separating it and re-using it; the
remainder is placed in either interim or long-term storage, in remote locations
such as Yucca Mountain, Nev. Other countries, including France, safely do this
everyday. Politicians and bad public policy prevent it from occurring in the
United States.

-- Waste transportation is another favorite target. The truth is that nuclear
waste has been transported on roads and railways worldwide for years without
incident. Indeed, more than 20 million waste packages are transported globally
each year, and more than 20,000 shipments have traveled 18 million miles since
1971. It's just not a problem.

The no-nukers argue that nuclear power is bad economics. Back in the 1970s, they
successfully drove the costs of nuclear power up by forcing delays and
instigating superfluous regulation. Though affordable, nuclear power is as
expensive as it is today because of that success, not because the technology is
uncompetitive.

The situation is much different today. Streamlined regulation, better designs
and greater efficiency make the economics of today's nuclear plants much more
predictable. Nuclear energy is among the least expensive energy sources today.
Indeed, numerous studies have shown that new nuclear power is very competitive
in a carbon-constrained economy.

The anti-nuke crowd already nearly killed the nuclear industry once, and America
is paying for it today with higher energy prices. This time the stakes are
higher and consequences are greater. Sadly, the environment and the poorest
Americans will be hardest hit if they succeed. Nuclear energy is the only
realistic and affordable option if we hope to cap carbon dioxide.

The old rock stars of the world may be able to afford higher electricity prices.
But the single mothers of the world cannot. It's time for a Browne-out.

Jack Spencer is a research fellow in the Thomas A. Roe Institute for Economic
Policy Studies at the Heritage Foundation. Write to him at the Heritage
Foundation, 214 Massachusetts Avenue NE, Washington, D.C. 20002.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              742 of 997 DOCUMENTS

           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                          February 13, 2002 Wednesday

Enron lecture explores legal, ethical, financial issues

BYLINE: Erin Suess

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1345 words


"Who shot Enron?" was the question of the day at Saint Louis University School
of Law on Monday, as professors from both the law and business schools examined
the legal, financial and ethical implications of one of the most shocking
bankruptcies in the history of Wall Street.

The lecture began with Professor Thomas L. Greaney from the law school, who set
the tone by providing an overview of some of the issues involved in the
company's collapse and what reforms may come as a result. "At the beginning of
2001, it [Enron] ranked No. 7 in the Fortune 500, with its chairman proclaiming
as recently as February that it would soon be 'the world's greatest company,'"
recounted Greaney. "By Dec. 2, it was filing for bankruptcy, its stock having
plunged from $80 to $1 and the disappearance of over $70 billion in marketing
capitalization."

He went on to explain a recent report, released by William C. Powers Jr., the
dean of the University of Texas School of Law, in which a special committee
looked into the factors involved in Enron's collapse. Powers found that there
was a "systematic and pervasive" attempt by Enron's management to misrepresent
the financial condition of Enron. Insiders, such as Enron's CFO Andrew S.
Fastow, had created several partnerships, from which these individuals were able
to profit -- Fastow himself made $30 million -- and which illegally hid Enron's
debt. "The transactions enabled Enron to conceal losses and hence overreport
earning in the amount of $1 billion," said Greaney.

Enron's outside accountants were also mentioned as having a hand in the
bankruptcy by the report. Greaney said that accounting firm Arthur Andersen
L.L.P. failed to question or report the problems with those partnerships. The
Powers report also found that Andersen was involved in setting up the
partnerships it should have been questioning.

The Powers report also placed blame on Enron's board of directors. It found the
board had failed to ensure accurate reporting of transactions to the public and
the SEC and that former CEO Richard Skilling, who testified last week before
Congress, had knowledge of these transactions but failed to act to assure
controls were in place.

Greaney speculated on the changes ranging from oversight in the accounting
industry to changes in campaign finance reforms to changes in employees' 401(k)
stock options. "Even in its current debilitated state, corporate law would
probably sanction those individuals here, if no one else does, but it's likely
that other actions will come first and take precedence," speculated Greaney.
"Certainly the securities law violations will be pressed by the SEC, and the
Justice Department will pursue them criminally. There are routine fraud
theories, including mail and wire fraud, that will undoubtedly come into play.
The bankruptcy court will have the power to set aside transactions that were
self-dealing and so forth, . . . and perhaps the entire affair will trigger a
revitalization of some of the corporate law that has been pushed backed in
recent years."

Next to be introduced was Dr. Michael J. Alderson, professor for the school of
business, who spoke on the underlying financial and accounting issues that are
implicated by Enron's use of derivatives, its partnerships and the accounting
processes it followed.

Explained Alderson: "Derivative securities are important because Enron's
business was all built around derivatives, and as derivatives are difficult to
understand, so was Enron's business. The idea of a balance sheet is important to
understand its process because balance sheets convey financial strength, and
manipulating the balance sheet was the means by which Enron overstated its
financial state to both the rating agencies and its customers. And finally, the
share-evaluation process is critical to deconstructing Enron because share
evaluations simply put, as I can describe it, is dependent on earnings growth.
The dependency on earnings growth was a difficult-to-understand business,
provided an incentive to Enron's mangers to manipulate earnings because by
manipulating earnings, which is a difficult-to-understand business, they could
very easily, it turned out, manipulate company stock prices."

He went on to explain that Enron was able to manipulate their balance sheet
because of its relationship with special-purpose entities, which Enron used to
raise capital without having to be responsible for it and having to disclose it
to their investors. With a balance sheet that appeared strong, more investors
were willing to put money into Enron's stock.

"Enron's officers had a substantial amount of their wealth in the company stock,
the stock was gaining value based on perspective earnings growth, and they were
in control of what people saw of earnings and earnings growth," Alderson said.
"So it was very much in their interest to hide losses when they had the
opportunity and appear to have more capital, appear to have a stronger financial
picture than they did."

The next speaker was Constance Z. Wagner, also a professor at the law school,
who talked about the Securities Exchange Commission, how the SEC failed to catch
Enron's faulty accounting and possible reforms in the securities law and
accounting areas.

Wagner pointed to the lack of funds as a major issue with the SEC's inability to
police every company, especially a company, who was, by all appearances, doing
well. "What they [the SEC] seem primarily concerned with is the disclosure that
was made. . . . The information that they provided is allegedly false or
insufficient, and the SEC is concerned that this might constitute fraud or
deceit under Section 10(b) and Rule 10(b)5," said Wagner. "Again the specific
precipitating event that led to Enron's bankruptcy was the fact that the company
had discovered that there had been some mistakes in the accounting and they had
to restate their financials."

She went on to talk about some allegations about insider trading. According to
Wagner, there were a lot of media reports that said that the board members and
officers were dumping stock, an indication of trading on inside information.

She concluded by talking about possible reforms. "Something that has to happen
is for the disclosure system to be improved, for the disclosure system to be
fixed. That proposal by the SEC to force management to make more and better
disclosure was initially proposed, by all people, the Big Five accounting
firms," she said. "Second proposal for change is to improve policing of the
system, to improve enforcement, to make it more apparent when these problems
actually exist." Her final possible proposal is to overhaul the accounting
industry's conflicting interest of being paid consultants of companies that they
are supposed to be auditing for the public interest.

The last speaker in the lecture was Carol A. Needham, another law school
professor, who discussed the ethical issues that present themselves for lawyers,
accountants and government officials. In particular, she looked at the
relationship between Enron and their law firm, Vinson & Elkins, and what their
duty ethically would have been to report the discrepancies.

"With Vinson & Elkins, they are clearly really knee deep, if not higher, in
questions and work relating to their opinion letters that the firm gave . . . in
connection with structuring these entities. . . . The questions of how much
diligence did they do and how correctly founded is their opinion are likely to
be large in the next couple of months," she said.

Specifically, she talked about a report done by Vinson & Elkins, which they had
completed in two weeks' time. She noted that the partners who prepared the
report were the ones most closely involved with the Enron account and doubted
the report could have been written freely, disclosing all ethical questions. She
concluded by saying that they were under no obligations to do this report but
noted that they would have been better off giving the investigative work to
another law firm.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires

                              743 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              June 26, 2009 Friday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Report: Pines panel is dangerously weak;
Its inconsistent stewardship threatens the natural reserve, says a watchdog
group.

BYLINE: By Sandy Bauers and Karen Knee; Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 747 words


The commission charged with protecting New Jersey's Pinelands - a 1.1
million-acre national reserve in the heart of the state - has become so weak and
inconsistent that it is threatening the future of the land, according to a
report released yesterday by a watchdog group.

The report, by the Pinelands Preservation Alliance, said the commission was
disrespecting its own rules and viewing its regulations "as guidelines only, to
be ignored, negotiated, or enforced on a case-by-case basis for the convenience
of local governments, developers, and even the commission itself."

Paul Leakan, spokesman for the Pinelands Commission - a 15-member group
appointed by the governor, the secretary of the interior, and the seven counties
within the preserve - criticized the report's "incendiary language," and said it
was both unbalanced and misleading.

"Criticism can be very helpful because it can shed light on important matters
that need to be addressed," Leakan said in an e-mail. "Unfortunately, this
report does not capture the full range, impact, or importance of the
commission's efforts during the past year, but rather glosses over the fine
points and, in some cases, misrepresents key facts."

The Pinelands National Reserve was created 30 years ago as perhaps the nation's
biggest experiment in land management. According to the alliance, however, its
water quality is declining, some forests will be replaced with houses, and new
forestry techniques will eliminate the understory of the globally rare
ecosystem, creating "pitch-pine plantations."

The annual report is the alliance's third. For two decades, the group has been
monitoring the complex issues involved in managing both preservation and
development in the largest chunk of open space between Boston and Richmond, Va.
It claims a membership of 3,400 families, individuals, organizations and
companies.

Although the report highlighted several of the commission's achievements,
including dedicating nearly $2.1 million to preserve 602 acres in Camden and
Ocean Counties, Leakan said it left out many others.

Chief among them was a new rule requiring municipalities to begin managing
septic systems, which Leakan said was a "major initiative" that would head off
potential public health risks and environmental harm.

Richard Bizub, director of watershed planning for the alliance, credited the
commission's 30-year record overall.

"It's hard to believe that in the most densely populated state in the nation,
that you can still see something as unique and special as the Pinelands," he
said. "This isn't Montana. This is New Jersey."

He said that for most of the last 30 years, the commission implemented "rules in
a strict way." But, he said, "that has started to change."

Faced with worsening budget constraints and increasing pressure from local
governments, developers and farmers, the commission has been promoting ways to
streamline reviews, a policy that the report also criticized.

"Rather than focus its resources on enforcing the [comprehensive management
plan], the commission continues to expend enormous staff time helping applicants
get around the CMP through special procedures," alliance executive director
Carleton Montgomery said in a written introduction to the report.

The report was a sampling of projects or decisions by the commission and other
agencies, and it gave each a thumbs-up, thumbs-down or, if the results were
inconclusive, crossed fingers.

Among the thumbs-down, the report criticized the commission for allowing water
quality in the Pinelands to suffer, for defects in a new rule that would allow
the clustering of development to save open space, and for allowing the widening
of the Garden State Parkway.

In some cases, the report contended, the commission violated its own
regulations. One example was a decision to pave a three-mile sand road in
Woodland Township, Burlington County, in the heart of a preservation area.

Instead of requiring the applicant to prove the road would not harm threatened
or endangered species, the commission shifted the burden of proof to the public
to prove that it would, according to the report.

"This is a reversal of 30 years of regulatory standing, and a reversal of 30
years of Pinelands Commission practice," Bizub said.

Leakan responded that the commission had grappled with "a very complex matter"
and that there was no evidence the road would create an irreversible adverse
impact.

Contact staff writer Sandy Bauers at 215-854-5147 or sbauers@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              744 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday

Letter box

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1425 words


Saturday November 17, 2012

Yankee article
was misleadingEditor of the Reformer:

The Nov. 8 article covering the Nov. 7 Public Service Board hearing in Vernon is
misleading. The article presents a fair description of the purpose of the
hearing, which was to allow citizens to present testimonies regarding whether or
not the Public Service Board should grant the Entergy Corporation a "Certificate
of Public Good" that would legally authorize the company to run the Vermont
Yankee nuclear reactor for twenty years. However, it goes on to grossly
misrepresent the numbers of vocal Vermont Yankee supporters and opponents that
were present that evening.

While the article states in its opening paragraph that "supporters of the
continued operation of Vermont Yankee outnumbered opponents by a margin of
three-to-one," the actual tally of speakers broke down as follows: of the 73
total speakers, 39 members of the public, most of them employees at Vermont
Yankee, spoke in favor of granting Vermont Yankee a 20-year extension; 34
members of the public, none of whom worked for the company, spoke against
granting the extension. The inaccuracy of the Reformer's report should be
acknowledged and publicly corrected, for it deceptively suggests that a majority
of citizens are in favor of keeping the aging nuclear reactor in operation.

The Entergy Corporation is actively working to paint itself a positive
reputation in countless ways -- including by packing public hearings with
Vermont Yankee workers -- as it tries to extend the reactor's license and
suppress the rights of the state of Vermont. These efforts, however, are
desperate cover-ups of the fact that Entergy cannot be trusted; since the
Louisiana-based corporation bought Vermont Yankee in 2002, it has lied to us and
broken contractual agreements for the sake of increasing profit.

Unbiased reporting of public hearings and other legal proceedings leading up to
the Public Service Board's decision on the 20-year extension of Vermont Yankee's
license is essential. his decision is going to have an impact on citizens across
the region, and these citizens deserve to know that the opponents of Vermont
Yankee are not, in fact, outnumbered by supporters, and that this fight is far
from over.

Nikki Sauber,

Keene, N.H., Nov. 12

Why wait
20 years?

Editor of the Reformer:

The Vermont Public Service Board hearing in Vernon on Nov. 7, offered an
invaluable opportunity to listen to residents' concerns regarding whether or not
to issue Vermont Yankee a Certificate of Public Good to allow the plant to
continue operating for the next 20 years. This is a very difficult decision for
the PSB and I am concerned for the employees of Yankee. As a current graduate
student of Environmental Studies at Antioch University of New England, I am
hoping that I can offer my own perspective on this issue through my personal
experience with a similar situation.

For the first 20 years of my life I grew up about 10 miles away from Maine
Yankee. This nuclear plant was built in 1972 and successfully decommissioned in
1998 due to high costs to fix safety problems that the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission identified. I was only 12 years old when the plant was
decommissioned, so I do not remember how it impacted the local area in social or
economic ways. But as a resident of the neighboring town, I know that the
disappearance of the plant did not mark the disappearance of our community. It
just marked the end of a phase of economic vitality for the town -- one of many
in its history. As Maine State Senator Marge Kilkelly stated in a 1998 press
release about the shutdown of Maine Yankee, "Though lifestyles must change, that
ripple will fade eventually, and Wiscasset's nuclear era will pass quietly into
history just as its shipping heyday and railroad heyday passed: So be it." I do
believe that the closing of Vermont Yankee will have the same difficult effects
on its employees, whether they are felt now, or 20 years from now. These nuclear
power plants were not built to last forever, and the longer a facility runs, the
more dangerous it becomes.

Why wait another 20 years and let the rest of the country move ahead with
cutting-edge alternative energy technology while Vermont continues to nurse a
dangerously decrepit structure? Vermont has always been a progressive state, and
letting Yankee operate for another two decades might cause the state to fall
behind in its missed opportunities to embrace alternative energy sources and
become a leader for the country. As one speaker commented during the hearing:
change is inevitable, we should embrace it while we can, rather than passing on
unnecessary burdens to future generations. Especially when it comes to the issue
of nuclear waste. It takes nuclear power plants years to remove and clean up
their waste (Maine Yankee has just begun to initiate a plan to deal with their
radioactive waste, 14 years after decommissioning), should this responsibility
be put off for 20 years, when the amount of waste has nearly doubled?

I can say one thing for certain, continuing to live in a town where there is no
longer the threat for a nuclear reactor meltdown, offers a peace of mind like no
other. In a world where there are so many hazards to our everyday existence,
having one less thing to worry about is an indescribable relief that can only be
fully realized when knowing that one of those threats is gone.

Heather Bolint,

Keene, N.H., Nov. 12

VY good for farms and forests

Editor of the Reformer:

On Wednesday, Nov. 7, I testified before the Vermont Public Service Board in
favor of Vermont Yankee continuing to make low-cost, affordable power. I did so
because I believe Vermont needs to favor low-cost, reliability in its energy
choices, not high-cost, unreliability as is our current trajectory.

Agriculture and forestry comprises about 20 percent of Vermont's economy, in a
stable and widely distributed base of employment. Thousands more derive their
living indirectly -- paper mills, Cabot Cheese, Ethan Allen Furniture and
hundreds of self employed truckers, mechanics, and financial service workers.

These people look to state government to provide a stable and predictable
economic framework in which they may operate. Energy is absolutely key to the
success of farming and forestry. No industries in Vermont have more rapidly and
profoundly modernized its production processes, and electrical energy is the
indispensable base. One modern farmer with several hundred horsepower of
electrical motors on his farm creates more value than 50 farmers like my
grandfather could. An electric sawmill with five or six hands can put up as much
lumber in a day as 30 or more hands could 100 years ago.

Both farming and forestry are dominated by small family owned businesses who
have little influence over their selling price. The market provides our income:
we can only control our expenses. Electricity is one of the largest expenses for
the typical farm. In 2009, Vermont Gross Farm Income was $589,827,000. The
National Agricultural Statistical Service shows electricity costing our farms
$17,423,000 -- 2.95 percent of GFI. After all expenses are deducted, Net Farm
Income for 2009 was $97,099,000. Electricity cost equals 17.95 percent of NFI.
That is no fluke: the trend has also been very adverse: in 2003, electricity was
2.72 percent of GFI, and just 11.87 percent of NFI. The upward trend in the cost
of electrical energy is very harsh for agriculture and the timber industry.

Vermont Yankee has anchored the power costs of all New England. Steady and
predictable generation smooths price volatility across the region, helping to
cap spikes and fill in voids. Other power sources tend to move in concert with
dominant economic indicators. High energy costs could impact farmers and
sawmills precisely at the same time as other stressors like high oil costs, or a
drought. For Vermont's economic health we need to maintain as many
counter-cyclical mechanisms as possible.

An operational Vermont Yankee will also inject about $100 million per year into
the Vermont economy, and pay millions in statewide education taxes which already
fall heavily on farm and forest land. If Vermont Yankee remains open, some of
that $100 million in economic benefit will find its way to the wood products
makers and farmers. But if it closes, a share of those millions in lost taxes
would be inevitably transferred to them, as well. I see no upside to closing
Vermont Yankee for farmers and wood products manufacturers.

Bruce Shields,

president, Ethan Allen
Institute, Nov. 14

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              745 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

WEDC MULLS POLICY FOR REFERRING FRAUD CASES

BYLINE:  MATTHEW DeFOUR  mdefour@madison.com, 608-252-6144

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 427 words


Companies that misrepresent themselves when seeking financial assistance from
the state's job-creation agency could be referred to law enforcement after an
internal review, under a proposed policy.

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corp. board proposal comes in the wake of
reports this year that at least two companies that received WEDC loans in 2011
made false statements on their applications.

In one case, first reported by the State Journal in May, nowdefunct
Milwaukee-based construction company Building Committee Inc. received a $500,000
loan it has yet to pay back.

In another case, first reported by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel in July, the
state loaned $1.1 million to De Pere-based Green Box NA, which also has yet to
repay the loan.

Law enforcement officials are investigating Green Box CEO Ron Van Den Heuvel on
suspicion that he defrauded WEDC, according to warrants unsealed in Brown County
in October and obtained by the State Journal.

Van Den Heuvel has denied those allegations. WEDC is cooperating with law
enforcement in the investigation, WEDC spokesman Steven Michels said.

The State Journal investigation found evidence that BCI misrepresented to WEDC
its relationship with an energy company and a public university and misstated on
its application that it hadn't been involved in recent lawsuits.

Michels did not respond to a question about whether the agency has referred
either case to law enforcement for investigation. The agency has taken both
companies to court and received a civil judgment.

The proposed internal policy would require that if WEDC finds a discrepancy in
an award application, it must contact the applicant to resolve the problem. If
it can't be resolved, the agency must deny the award and the WEDC CEO must
determine whether the misrepresentation could have resulted in a material loss
to the state before forwarding to law enforcement.

If the discrepancy is discovered after an award contract is signed the
underwriter and underwriting manager would determine if there was a discrepancy,
and the vice president of credit and risk would determine if it was intentional
before forwarding it to legal counsel. The CEO would make a final determination
as to whether to refer to law enforcement. In all cases the WEDC board would be
notified about a referral.

Raymond Dreger, chairman of the WEDC board's audit committee, which recommended
approval of the policy Monday, called the policy "proactive" and a "step in the
right direction."

The full WEDC board is scheduled to vote on the new policy at its meeting next
week.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              746 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       August 17, 2015 Monday 6:12 PM GMT

When the media misrepresents black men, the effects are felt in the real world;

We need a nuanced narrative of African-American men, as well as black history,
culture and life in America. We are individuals, not types

BYLINE: Leigh Donaldson

SECTION: COMMENT IS FREE

LENGTH: 1050 words


The lives of black men in the US have long been adversely affected by negative
public perceptions. We are often turned away from jobs because we are not the
"right fit". While on the streets, we are regularly treated by police as
dangerous suspects. Officer Darren Wilson, who shot and killed the unarmed black
teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, described their alleged tussle by
testifying: "when I grabbed him, the only way I can describe it is I felt like a
five-year-old holding onto Hulk Hogan," even though the two men had the same
height.

In a 2011 study, Media Representations & Impact on the Lives of Black Men and
Boys, conducted by The Opportunity Agenda, negative mass media portrayals were
strongly linked with lower life expectations among black men. These portrayals,
constantly reinforced in print media, on television, the internet, fiction
shows, print advertising and video games, shape public views of and attitudes
toward men of color. They not only help create barriers to advancement within
our society, but also "make these positions seem natural and inevitable".

Not much has changed since the 1970s when, as an undergraduate student at the
University of Michigan, I conducted a study of two metropolitan Detroit dailies'
coverage of the 1967 urban riots. Pouring over those yellowing pages of archival
newsprint, I discovered notable examples of blatant bias, misrepresentations of
facts and poorly substantiated claims about particulars of acts of violence. In
1968, the National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders reviewed coverage of
the 1967 riots and faulted many newspapers for their "exaggeration of both mood
and event" and "fail[ing] to report adequately on the causes and consequences of
civil disorders and on the underlying problems of race relations." The report
went on to say: "They have not communicated to the majority of their audience -
which is white - a sense of the degradation, misery and hopelessness of life in
the ghetto."

The Opportunity Agenda study also shows that these media distortions are
multi-faceted, especially relative to real-world facts. For example, there is an
overall under-representation of black men as 'talking head' experts, users of
luxury items in print ads and as reliable and relatable characters with fully
developed backgrounds in fiction shows and films. Overwhelming evidence exists
of exaggerated associations of African-American men to drug-related crime,
unemployment and poverty. "The idle black male on the street corner is not the
'true face' of poverty in America, but is the dominant one in the world as
depicted by the media", according to the study's executive summary. Too many
stories associate black men with intractable problems.

Men of color held in esteem by the media, while entirely worthy of praise, too
often personify a circumscribed spectrum of human qualities. Prowess in sports,
physical achievement in general and musicality are emphasized inordinately.
Common role models depicted by the media such as rap or hip-hop stars and
basketball players imply limited life choices. When is the last time you have
seen a black college professor, doctor, lawyer or scientist selling a product?
Many important dynamics that affect black lives, such as a history of economic
disadvantage and a prevailing anti-black bias in society, don't often make it to
the presses or the screens.

The Opportunity Agenda study, funded by the Open Society Foundation's Campaign
for Black Male Achievement, also showed how these media misrepresentations
create problematic attitudes in audiences, not the least of which being a
persistent antagonism toward black men.

What we are also seeing play out among both white and black people is a hyped
view of black boys and men being coupled with criminality and violence, a lack
of empathy for black men and boys in trouble, less attention being paid to the
bigger picture of social and economic disparity and increased public support of
more rigorous approaches to social ills, such as police aggression and longer
jail sentences.

In 2012, professor of political science, Bas W van Doorn at the College of
Wooster in Ohio, analyzed images that ran with about 474 domestic US
poverty-related stories in Time, Newsweek and US News and World Report from 1992
to 2010. In the images that ran alongside those stories in print, black people
were overrepresented, appearing in more than half of the images, despite the
fact that they made up only a quarter of people existing below the poverty line
during that time frame.

Media images and words are known, according to the Opportunity Agenda study, to
have the greatest impact on the perceptions of people with less real-world
experience. People who have never interacted with a black family in their
communities more easily embrace what the media tells them. The most negative
impact is upon black individuals themselves. Derogatory portrayals can
demoralize and reduce self-esteem. In worst case scenarios, black boys and men
actually internalize biases and stereotypes and, through their behavior,
reinforce and even perpetuate the misrepresentations. They become victims of
perception.

Not only does the media's reluctance to provide more balanced perspectives of
our African-American male population worsen cultural division among all people,
it enables judges to hand out harsher sentences, companies to deny jobs, banks
to decline loans and the police to shoot indiscriminately. The mass media is
certainly aware of its vast power to shape popular ideas, opinions and
attitudes. They should become equally cognizant of their role as a mechanism of
social change for the better of all.

Liberal sprinklings of black achievement are not enough to offset an uneven
emphasis on the failure of black men. Besides working to eliminate obstacles to
African-Americans entering newsroom and television positions, editors must start
listening more closely to black constituencies, African-American TV and radio
station managers, journalists, film producers and learning from their
perspectives.

All media can and should choose words, images and news angles that give a
fuller, more nuanced narrative of African-American men, as well as black
history, culture and life in America, as a whole. People of color are
individuals, not types.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              747 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Another Bogus Fox News Report: The University Of Wisconsin Will
'Adjust The Grades' Of Minority Students

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: Washington


People for the American Way has issued the following news release:

In yet another case of Todd Starnes being a terrible reporter, the Fox News
commentator said in a radio bulletin yesterday that the University of
Wisconsin-Madison is going to begin factoring a student's race into its grading
system.

Starnes misrepresents the language, which dates back to 2009, of a stated
university goal to see an improvement in the grades of students from
"historically underrepresented racial-ethnic groups," mangling it to suggest
that the university would actually require professors to begin "adjusting the
grades" of students based on their race. In other words, the school sees higher
grades "as an outcome" of fostering diversity in academics, not as a mandated
result.

"At face value, the University of Wisconsin seems to be sacrificing academic
education on the altar of academic diversity. Whatever happened to giving kids
the grades they deserved?" Starnes asked.

Good question! Maybe Starnes could use some of the journalism skills he learned
in school to do some basic research -- like a Google search -- to see if his
reporting holds water.

For further information please visit: http://www.pfaw.org

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              748 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Another Bogus Fox News Report: The University Of Wisconsin Will
'Adjust The Grades' Of Minority Students

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: Washington


People for the American Way has issued the following news release:

In yet another case of Todd Starnes being a terrible reporter, the Fox News
commentator said in a radio bulletin yesterday that the University of
Wisconsin-Madison is going to begin factoring a student's race into its grading
system.

Starnes misrepresents the language, which dates back to 2009, of a stated
university goal to see an improvement in the grades of students from
"historically underrepresented racial-ethnic groups," mangling it to suggest
that the university would actually require professors to begin "adjusting the
grades" of students based on their race. In other words, the school sees higher
grades "as an outcome" of fostering diversity in academics, not as a mandated
result.

"At face value, the University of Wisconsin seems to be sacrificing academic
education on the altar of academic diversity. Whatever happened to giving kids
the grades they deserved?" Starnes asked.

Good question! Maybe Starnes could use some of the journalism skills he learned
in school to do some basic research -- like a Google search -- to see if his
reporting holds water.

For further information please visit: http://www.pfaw.org

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              749 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 24, 2012 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

ACCURACY WATCH

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 221 words


The Spokesman-Review is committed to accuracy. If you think we have made an
error, call (509) 459-5403or email editorforum@ spokesman.com. Home delivery
questions? Call (509) 747-4422

COLUMN MISREPRESENTS

Shawn Vestal's column on Friday mischaracterized part of an account of a meeting
between County Commissioner Todd Mielke and developer Lanzce Douglass, with
respect to one of several areas of disagreement between them. Mielke said that
he introduced the subject of his re-election campaign himself in an attempt to
set up a meeting later, and that Douglass then immediately "engaged the
discussion" by asking questions and offering to help.

DATES MISREPORTED

The dates for the Books are Fun Book and Gift Fair to benefit Second Harvest
Food Bank will be this Thursday and Friday from 9 a.m.-4 p.m. each day at Rock
Pointe III, 1330 N. Washington St., Suite 3525. The dates were listed
incorrectly in the Literary Calendar in Sunday's Today section due to a clerical
error.

JOB FAIR DATE WRONG

The date for Spokane Community College's Job Fair for Workers with Disabilities
was incorrect in Sunday's Week Ahead column because of incorrect information
provided to the newspaper. The event will be Thursday from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. in
SCC's Lair Student Center, 1810 N. Greene St. For more information, call (509)
532-3078.

TYPE: Column

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              750 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           December 27, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Perry misrepresents Romney's effect on Massachusetts jobs

BYLINE: Meghan Ashford-Grooms AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 908 words


Texas Gov. Rick Perry continues to hit fellow GOP presidential candidate Mitt
Romney, the former Massachusetts governor, over similarities between the state
health care plan Romney signed in 2006 and the federal act that President Barack
Obama signed into law in 2010.

At a presidential debate in Iowa earlier this month, Perry said he was stunned
by Romney's earlier comment that he would have told Obama that he was headed in
the wrong direction on health care, because "that is exactly the path that
you've taken Massachusetts." Perry continued, "The Beacon Hill study itself said
that there's been 18,000 jobs lost because of that individual mandate." Perry
was referring to the requirement in the Massachusetts law, also found in the
national one, that individuals buy health insurance or pay a fine.

We wondered whether Perry was right about the study and the Massachusetts
mandate's impact on jobs in the state. Fortunately, PolitiFact National
previously looked into a similar Perry claim, made in an Oct. 10 video posted
online by the Texan's campaign: "Romneycare killed 18,000 jobs."

"Romneycare" is a label that critics have applied to the Massachusetts health
care law, which is similar in its broad outline to the national health care law.

In addition to including an individual mandate, the Massachusetts and federal
laws both leave in place the existing insurance systems: employer-provided
insurance, Medicare for seniors and Medicaid for the poor. Both also seek to
reduce the number of uninsured residents by expanding Medicaid and offering
subsidies to help moderate-income people buy insurance. Companies that don't
offer insurance have to pay fines, with exceptions for small business and a few
other cases. The state and national laws also each provide for voluntary
"exchanges" that individuals and small businesses can use to purchase
private-sector health insurance.

Both the statement in the Perry video and the statement Perry made in the Iowa
debate were based on a September 2011 study by the Beacon Hill Institute, a
Boston-based economics research group that is affiliated with Suffolk University
and supports "limited government, fiscal responsibility and free markets."

Both statements suggest that 18,000 actual jobs were eliminated because of the
Massachusetts law. In fact, however, the Beacon Hill study makes the more modest
assertion that the law prevented 18,000 jobs from being created.

The study is based on the idea that the Massachusetts law drove up health care
costs for state government (through increased Medicaid spending) and for
individuals and businesses (through higher health insurance premiums), which in
turn dampened job growth. Using a computer program that models how policies
could affect the state's economy, the Beacon Hill researchers estimated that the
state's economy created 18,313 fewer jobs in 2010 than it would have without the
health care law.

To put the so-called uncreated jobs in perspective, the Massachusetts workforce
was about 3.5 million people in July 2010, according to the federal Bureau of
Labor Statistics. The unemployed numbered about 293,000.

We should note here that reports like this one largely depend on the underlying
economic assumptions behind the model that is used. Right-leaning and
left-leaning groups often come up with different numbers when looking at the
same policies. In this case, we were unable to find any other studies that
looked at the effects of the Massachusetts health care law on employment.

Our friends at Factcheck.org checked out the 18,000 number in September after
Perry started making the claim on the campaign trail. They concluded that the
figure was an estimate that could neither be proved nor disproved after gleaning
mixed opinions in Massachusetts on whether the law hurt actual job growth.

Separately, we recalled an analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget
Office of how many jobs might be lost or gained nationwide because of the 2010
federal health care law. The analysis found that the law would reduce the amount
of labor used in the economy by about 800,000 jobs, partly because businesses
facing higher costs would decide not to add workers but mostly because people
working jobs simply to retain their existing health insurance would be able to
leave those jobs and buy insurance on their own.

Our ruling

In the Iowa debate, Perry cited a study that found increased costs led
businesses to create fewer jobs. That is certainly plausible, although we found
no other research supporting that figure.

More significantly, Perry's statement makes it sound as if the study says
existing jobs in Massachusetts were vanquished. Instead, it asserts that 18,000
jobs were not created in the first place.

Also, Perry's claim blames one part of the health care law - the individual
mandate - for the effect on employment, while the study considers the impact of
the entire law. That is, it doesn't specify which parts most influenced the
state's economy.

A single study gives Perry's statement an element of truth. But his claim leaves
the impression that 18,000 existing jobs went away because of the Massachusetts
law and incorrectly says a single part of the law was to blame. His statement
rates Mostly False.

mashford-grooms@statesman.com

Gov. Rick Perry
 Statement: Says a study found that Massachusetts has lost 18,000 jobs because
residents were required to obtain health insurance under an act signed into law
 by Mitt Romney.


LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved

                              751 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday

Columnist Misrepresents Jfk's Legacy

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


To the INTELL Editors:

In his awful column, "The Kennedy cult," Nov. 29, Ross Douthat makes assertions
that are completely at odds with the facts.

Douthat claims that "few serious historians" take the view that JFK was a good
president. Not true. In the latest American Historical Association poll of
professional historians, Kennedy was ranked as our sixth greatest president.
This is because, as more and more documents from the Cold War have been
declassified over the years, Kennedy's skilled leadership during a very critical
time in our nation's history has become more apparent.

Douthat claims that Kennedy's domestic policies were "ineffective," yet two of
the greatest pieces of domestic legislation in American history, the Civil
Rights Act and Medicare, were initiatives of the Kennedy administration.

Douthat claims that Vietnam was "Kennedy's darkest legacy." In reality Kennedy
began drawing down troops shortly before his death and most Vietnam historians,
as well as Kennedy's own advisors, such as Robert McNamara and McGeorge Bundy,
have acknowledged that Kennedy would not have escalated the conflict as Lyndon
Johnson did.

Finally, Douthat regurgitates the long ago discredited nonsense about Lee Harvey
Oswald being a leftist when it has been known for many years that Oswald's
communist act was a cover for his intelligence activities.

It is a shame whenever a journalist lacks the integrity to conduct the most
basic research before writing on a topic, and instead allows his bias and
personal agenda to confuse and mislead his readers.

Steve Jones

Landisville

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              752 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday

Media Misrepresents Pope's Remarks

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITOR:

The view expressed by your editorial "Papal missteps" (Intell, March 20) is yet
another example of the mass media's creation of a storyline based on the
selective reporting of facts - in this case regarding the pope's recent trip to
Africa.

In response to a French reporter's question as to whether the church's position
regarding the problem of AIDS was unrealistic and ineffective, the pope
responded that he thought the church's position was not unrealistic and
ineffective and gave some examples of the many institutions within the church
that were directly involved in assisting and caring for the victims of AIDS. He
mentioned that the problem of AIDS is one that cannot be resolved with money
alone or with advertising slogans; he indicated that if the soul is lacking and
if the Africans don't assume personal responsibility, the problem of AIDS cannot
be resolved with the distribution of condoms: to the contrary, the problem is
exacerbated.

Lastly, the pope stated the problem can only be resolved by a twofold commitment
to a spiritual and human renewal that brings a new way of behaving towards one
another, and a readiness, even through personal sacrifice, to stand by those who
are suffering.

So the reference to condoms was but one aspect of what the pope actually said,
but which, for obvious reasons, the media chose to zero in on. But, even if one
were to focus on that particular aspect alone, as the media in general chose to
do, there are, nevertheless, experts in the field of AIDS (e.g., senior Harvard
AIDS prevention researcher, Dr. Edward Green, who spent 25 years promoting
condoms in Africa for family planning purposes) who agree with the pope. Green
claims that "anyone who worked in family planning knew that if you needed to
prevent a pregnancy, say the woman will die, you don't recommend a condom."
Also, according to U.S. Rep. Chris Smith of New Jersey, a 2008 annual report to
Congress stated "perhaps the most important development in recent years is the
growing number of nations in which there is clear evidence of declining HIV
prevalence as a result of changes in sexual behavior" and goes on to state that
"behavior change will remain the keystone of success."

I could go on, but the foregoing two examples reflect the kind of news that is
downplayed and often even suppressed - not only by the purveyors of
contraception, but also, and more importantly - by a media whose job it should
be to report (and/or comment on editorially as your paper chose to do) but based
on the relevant facts.

Gregory L. Castano

Lancaster

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              753 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 27, 2007 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Did councilman misrepresent charity?;
Foundation raised money by claiming to be a nonprofit, but there's no record it
ever was. H. Lamar Willis blames sloppy paperwork, won't release lists of donors
or recipients.

BYLINE: CAMERON MCWHIRTER; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1675 words


For the past five years, Atlanta City Councilman H. Lamar Willis has solicited
donors for a foundation he says he created to give scholarships to Atlanta
students. The H. Lamar Willis Foundation has told major corporations --- which
have contributed tens of thousands of dollars --- that donations are
tax-deductible because it is a federally approved nonprofit.

But it's not, and it never has been.

The Internal Revenue Service says it has no record of the organization
registering as a nonprofit or submitting required annual reports showing how it
has raised and spent its money. The Georgia Secretary of State's Office also has
no record of the foundation ever registering as a charity or a nonprofit
corporation, as required by state law.

Willis, an attorney, has refused to provide The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
with a list of donors or recipients of the money. Of the donors mentioned on the
foundation Web site, many are companies doing business at the airport, which
Willis helps oversee as a member of the City Council's transportation committee.
Companies include Coca-Cola, Comcast, AirTran, Target and Turner Construction,
among others.

"I'll be honest, I have not looked at this as properly as I should have," Willis
said during a telephone interview with the AJC on July 16.

The two-term councilman said the foundation's financial paperwork "was not as
concise and correct as it should be, I'll admit that."

In that interview, Willis said he planned to consult with an accountant and then
meet with a reporter July 18 to review the foundation's finances. Since then,
Willis has not returned repeated AJC telephone calls and e-mails. Since Willis
spoke to the AJC, material has been removed from the foundation's Web site,
including assertions that donations to the foundation are tax-deductible.

What the feds require

Federal tax law requires that a nonprofit apply with the IRS if it wants to
collect tax-deductible donations. The IRS reviews the group to see whether it
qualifies. If approved under tax code provision 501(c)(3), the charity must file
annual financial reports proving it is using the money it collects legitimately.
The reports must disclose who donated money and how the group spent the money it
raised. (The annual report must be given to the public upon request, but the
organization can remove donors' names from the public copy.)

IRS spokesman Mark Green would not comment on the specifics of Willis'
foundation. But Green said groups that claim to have federal nonprofit status
when they do not are in violation of federal tax law.

"It's just like an individual who did not pay their fair share of taxes," he
said. "There would be prosecution with fines and there could be prison as well."

For several years, foundation literature and application forms have stated that
the organization had federally approved nonprofit status. Until last week, when
the AJC first contacted Willis, the foundation Web site stated, "The H. Lamar
Willis Foundation is designated as a 501(c)(3) and contributions are tax
deductible." That sentence has since been removed from the Web site.

When the AJC contacted the Georgia Secretary of State's office for comment,
staffers investigated and found the foundation was not registered with the
state. Officials then mailed a letter to the foundation requesting that it
register, said Vicki Gavalas, spokeswoman for Secretary of State Karen Handel.
Gavalas said failure to register is a misdemeanor.

Bruce Hopkins, an attorney and expert on nonprofits from Kansas City, Mo., said
he was "incredulous" when told Willis' foundation was not registered as a
nonprofit with the IRS.

"All these things are being violated on so many levels. Then you throw in the
fact that he is an attorney and an elected official, and you sort of don't know
where to begin," said Hopkins, the author of "Starting and Managing A Nonprofit
Organization."

David Brennen, a University of Georgia law professor and an expert in nonprofit
law, said that an organization that raises money claiming to be a legal
nonprofit when it isn't likely will be headed for trouble.

"If you are claiming to be a 501(c)(3) and you haven't submitted the appropriate
paperwork with the federal government or the state, then you're basically
committing fraud," Brennen said.

Donors, who gave to the foundation in good faith, likely would not face
penalties, Hopkins said.

Donors get assurances

Though Willis has refused to speak to the AJC after the initial brief interview,
he did speak with donors who contacted him after they were called by the AJC.
Andy Macke, senior director of government and community affairs for Comcast's
Atlanta region, said Willis assured him all the donations went to scholarships
but said he was having "paperwork issues." Macke said Willis told him he had
hired an accountant to show donors how the money had been spent.

As many as 95 Atlanta Public Schools students received scholarship money over
five years, according to the foundation's Web site, but it does not provide a
list of names. APS did not respond to a request for comment.

Several donors who attended awards luncheons at City Hall told the AJC they met
students who received the money.

Brittany Powell of Atlanta, a 2007 graduate of Spelman College, said she
received $1,000 after being asked by her high school counselor to send in an
essay and application. Powell said she received her money at an award luncheon.
Powell, 21, said Willis was "a gentlemen, a great guy." She later interned at
his council office.

The foundation also has run a tennis camp for children, distributed books and
planted trees in the city, according to its Web site.

The foundation brings in the bulk of its donations from a corporate golf outing
held every August. On a video posted on the Web site, an announcer states that
at least one year the golf outing raised more than $50,000. The foundation Web
site states that it has distributed more than $150,000 in five years, but it
does not provide a breakdown of who gave donations and how the money was spent.
In his one conversation with the AJC, Willis estimated the figure at between
$100,000 and $150,000, but he said he was not sure exactly how much the
foundation had brought in.

In addition, the line between the foundation and Willis' political office has
been blurry.

The IRS requires that approved nonprofits must "refrain from participating in
the political campaigns of candidates for local, state, or federal office" and
"must not operate for the benefit of private interests such as those of its
founder, the founder's family, its shareholders or persons controlled by such
interests."

Lines of separation blur

Willis is the only Atlanta council member to have a self-named foundation
connected to his city Web site. Applicants for the H. Lamar Willis Foundation
scholarship are instructed on brochures to call the councilman's staff or send
inquiries to his City Hall office address.

The foundation's logo, set on a yellow background, centers on the word "Willis"
in bright blue lettering. It is the same format as his campaign literature. The
Web site says: "The Foundation's values mirror those of Councilman Willis ---
tenacity, integrity, courage, self-esteem and drive for excellence --- qualities
he strives to foster in Atlanta's youngsters."

"You could say I have benefited politically, I suppose, but I can't tell you how
much," Willis said in the July 16 interview.

Sponsors of the golf outing often have been corporations that bring business
before City Council's transportation committee, which Willis has served on
during his entire tenure in office and formerly chaired. One of the committee's
main duties is overseeing the city Department of Aviation, which operates
Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. The airport was a sponsor of the golf
outing in 2004, according to the foundation Web site. So were other companies,
including engineering firms doing work at the airport, airport concessionaires
and car rental agencies. Benjamin DeCosta, the airport's general manager,
declined to comment for this article.

This year's lead sponsors for the outing are AirTran; Global Concessions, an
Atlanta company that handles food court operations at Hartsfield-Jackson; and
AmericasMart, which hosts conventions downtown.

Officials at all three companies said Willis asked for donations. Tad Hutcheson,
AirTran spokesman, said the company has sponsored the golf outing with "some
cash and some tickets." Hutcheson would not put a value on the donation. He said
AirTran did not check Willis' nonprofit status. The company doesn't have time to
check the legal status of every charity, since it gets about 250 such requests a
week, he said.

Terry Harps, Global Concessions president and founder, said in the past two
years his company has donated about $10,000 to Willis' foundation, using money
earmarked for local charities. He said he assumed the foundation was a legal
nonprofit.

"We are going to make sure there is due diligence as we move forward," he said.

ASKING FOR TROUBLE

* Councilman H. Lamar Willis' foundation has been raising tens of thousands of
dollars since 2002, saying it was a federally-approved nonprofit and that all
donations it received were tax deductible. The IRS disputes that claim.

Henry Lamar Willis, councilman-at-large

Age: 36

Hometown: Born and raised in Atlanta.

Education: Graduate of Northside High School and Morehouse College. Master's in
public administration from Carnegie Mellon University, 1995; graduated from
Boston College law school, 1999.

Career: After practicing law briefly in Florida, Willis worked for a series of
Atlanta law firms from 2002-06, though not as an attorney because he had not
passed the Georgia bar. He passed the bar last year and is now a sole
practitioner focused on personal injury, tenant-landlord disputes and DUI
litigation.

In politics: Won Atlanta City Council seat in 2001. Won second term unopposed in
2005. Current committee assignments: Community Development/Human Resources;
Public Safety (former chairman); Transportation (former chair).

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: FRANK NIEMEIR / StaffAtlanta City Council member H. Lamar Willis
questions Police Chief Richard Pennington at City Hall on May 1./ImageData*
ImageData*
Graphic: Brochure from the H. Lamar Willis Foundation/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              754 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 20, 2005 Monday

'DDN' misrepresents Miami tuition plan

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 333 words


RE "MIAMI'S PLAN WRONG FIX FOR IT, OHIO," June 8: The Dayton Daily News
reiterates its opposition to Miami University's tuition and scholarship

plan and once again misstates the basic facts about the plan. This continued
misrepresentation does a particular disservice to readers, who may not be aware
of the favorable impact of the plan on Ohio residents.

For example, in its latest editorial, the DDN vastly overstates the average
tuition increase that in-state Miami students would pay under the Ohio House's
proposed budget. After students are given their Ohio scholarships, most students
will not pay $1,100 more, but half that figure.

Furthermore, the DDN claim that Miami's plan hurts middleincome families also
flies in the face of reality. The facts clearly show that Miami's new plan has
helped thousands of cashstrapped Ohio families. In particular, 43 percent of
this year's Ohio freshmen paid less than they would have under Miami's old
tuition structure, and all of these students were from moderate-income families
earning up to $110,000 a year.

This year, Miami provided $1.6 million in Ohio scholarships to Miami freshmen
from Montgomery County. Middle-income families were the primary beneficiaries of
these scholarships, and this fact highlights the primary objectives and great
advantage of the Miami plan for Ohioans.

Further successes of the plan are evidenced by a surge in Miami's minority
enrollments (up 49 percent) and similar increases by first-generation
college-going students. This kind of success has drawn national attention to the
plan by legislators and higher education leaders outside Ohio.

Other Ohio newspapers have understood and endorsed Miami's tuition plan as an
innovative strategy to make college affordable to middle-income Ohioans. Perhaps
the DDN's editors could better inform themselves by speaking to some of the
2,000 middle-income families who have already benefited from the plan.

FRED WALL

OXFORD

Mr. Wall is chair of the Miami University Board of Trustees.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              755 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 9, 2002 Monday

Editorial misrepresents Blue Cross plan

BYLINE: SCOTT P. SEROTA

SECTION: Pg. a4

LENGTH: 252 words


President and chief executive officer Blue Cross Blue Shield Association 225
North Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill.

I was greatly dismayed to read the Aug. 11 TH editorial ("Senate should kill
exemption for Blue Cross") suggesting that Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans were
seeking "less accountability" and diminished liability in their role as Medicare
contractors. The editorial, in fact, is a gross misrepresentation of the facts.

We have not proposed any change to lessen or limit current liability. Blue Cross
and Blue Shield plans, which have been part of the Medicare program since its
inception and which process the vast majority of Medicare claims, have been and
will continue to be held accountable for the work they do with the federal
government. This is not an issue of "exempting" contractors from vigorous
oversight, accountability and restitution. That exists today.

What we do oppose is an expansion of the law that goes well beyond what exists
under the current False Claims Act. The proposed expansion, which is being
lobbied by trial lawyers, would create a broad gray area of ambiguity leaving
contractors vulnerable to significant financial risk and one ripe for frivolous
lawsuits.

I believe that Medicare contractors should be held fully accountable, with
strong penalties for wrongdoing. I do not believe that we should propose costly
and unnecessary liability loopholes that, ultimately, may better serve those
other than individuals enrolled in the Medicare program.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                              756 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 18, 2001 Friday, Final Edition

Letters

BYLINE: F. ALLEN BOYD JR., MELINDA P. AVILA-TORIO, FRANK TYRRELL, JOHN DENDY,
CRAIG A. ROLAND, JACK CONNER

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 947 words


Lambro misrepresents position of Blue Dog Democrats on tax

As communications chairman for the Blue Dog Coalition, I would like to highlight
just a few of the grievous errors in Donald Lambro's recent column on the tax
cut and Blue Dog Democrats ("Blue Dog Democrats abandon center," Tuesday).

First, Lambro seems to have trouble distinguishing between debt reduction and
debt swapping. To most Americans, using your Mastercard to pay off your Visa
would not be considered paying down debt. Yet that is exactly what the
Republican budget resolution does.

Lambro notes that the debt reduction in the budget resolution comes from surplus
payroll taxes. He neglects to mention that these funds are already committed to
the Social Security Trust Fund. Therefore, the president's budget borrows $2.4
trillion from Social Security to pay down the publicly held debt. This places
the tremendous strain of funding Social Security for the baby boomers onto the
next generation.

Second, President Bush already has stated that he would use the Social Security
Trust Fund surplus to pay for reforming Social Security and finance the
transistion to personal accounts. The major flaw with this plan is that it
relies on the same funds the president uses to fund debt reduction. Everyone
knows you can't spend the same dollar twice.

Third, Lambro claims that Blue Dogs are using "fearmongering at its worst" when
we state that this budget will put us at risk of returning to deficit spending
financed by borrowing from the Social Security and Medicare Trust funds. Yet in
the very next sentence he states "we could borrow a little to tide us over" if
the projected surpluses do not materialize. "Borrowing a little" for 30 years is
exactly how we ended up with a $5.7 trillion debt in the first place.

Lambro's charge that the Blue Dog Coalition is addicted to spending and big
government is totally inaccurate. We worked with the Republican leadership and
the Clinton administration in passing the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and remain
advocates of realistic spending caps.

F. ALLEN BOYD JR. Boyd represents Florida's Second District, which includes
Tallahassee and Panama City.

Against fathers

I see the Journal continues to use the discriminatory and objectionable phrase
"deadbeat dad" in its recent article on DNA testing that has proven some men are
not the biological fathers of children for whom they pay support. Would it hurt
you to say "deadbeat parent"?

And some judges appear willing to let men off the child support hook when
they're proven by DNA testing not to be the father.

Our domestic law has been an unjust, anti-man, father-bashing system for
decades. It's time we drag it into at least the 20th century. Then we could work
on bringing it into the 21st.

FRANK TYRRELL, Savannah

Keep close tabs

When we lived in Virginia, we were required to have our cars inspected annually.
If there was any component that did not pass, we were given a pink rejection
sticker. We had only about 10 days or so to repair the item and then have it
reinspected. A few of the items inspected were the muffler, brakes, windshield
wipers, etc. --- all the parts that would ensure safe travel.

Wouldn't it be in Georgia's best interest to do the same --- on an annual basis?
This inspection would at least minimize accidents or the current smog situation,
or both.

MELINDA P. AVILA-TORIO Duluth

Partisan plan

Contrary to my political registration, I voted for the ticket that promised to
end bipartisanship in the Congress and to get things done. I had thought that on
some issues, the Clinton-Gore administration had gone too far.

Months later, however, it is difficult to honestly view President Bush as
bipartisan, especially on his new energy plan.

Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney obviously represent the oil interests, based
upon the history of personal investments and work history, industry campaign
contributions and political appointments.

Al Gore may not have been Mr. Image, but he probably would have been creative
and productive on the energy issue.

CRAIG A. ROLAND, Douglasville

Sacrificing children

A Wednesday letter on vouchers was off base ("Details omitted").

The first misrepresented point was that families at or near the poverty line
cannot afford private schools even with government vouchers. Perhaps the author
was unaware that a private group of wealthy conservatives recently offered 1,000
partial vouchers to families of poor inner-city New York schools. Some 8,000
families responded. Someone forgot to tell these parents that they weren't
financially capable of saving their children from another generation of poverty.

The second misguided point was a reference to vouchers being a right-wing
conservative conspiracy to support religiously affiliated schools, and "a
taxpayer-funded giveaway to the wealthy." It doesn't bother liberals to
sacrifice children for the sake of political rhetoric.

JACK CONNER, Smyrna

Critics baseless

It's really becoming tiresome listening to all the uninformed criticism of
President Bush's energy policy. Perhaps those who preach conservation should
practice what they preach and do without air conditioning all summer, go to bed
when the sun sets and park their cars.

This country is suffering the effects of eight years of a Democratic
administration that had no energy policy. Now the National Socialist Democratic
Party wants to criticize Bush's plan.

Their solution is consumer price caps on rising fuel costs. Didn't we just see
the results of that failed experiment in California? Give me a break.

JOHN DENDY, Sugar Hill

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letters

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution

                              757 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             May 11, 2000, Thursday

Columns misrepresent sheriff candidate

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 972 words



Re: Hilarity is the major issue in this campaign, C.T. Bowen column, May 7.

Editor: For over 12 years the Times has repeatedly written an untold number of
inaccurate and falsely leading articles aimed at destroying my credibility as a
sheriff and as a citizen. This recent opinion, again filled with a number of
misleading statements and inaccurate information, is yet another flagrant
attempt to assassinate my character and my candidacy.

To paraphrase an article written during the 1996 sheriff's campaign, the Times
wrote that if the next sheriff was to be elected on his credentials and
capability, then Jim Gillum would be the next sheriff of Pasco County. If the
Times recognizes my abilities as sheriff to be the best of all of the candidates
in 1996, then why does your opinion editor, Mr. Bowen, make it his personal
mission to try to persuade public opinion against me?

Is it because I am my own man? Is it because I didn't bow down to you or any
other person in Pasco County when I was executing the power of the Sheriff's
Office entrusted to me by the people of Pasco County?

Hilarity. That is the word you used to describe my candidacy. Therefore, I have
to conclude that you believe my political platform is a joke and not to be taken
seriously.

I do not find it hilarious that juvenile crime is out of control and nothing is
being done about it. I do not find it hilarious that more drugs than ever are on
the streets of Pasco County and nothing is being done about it. I do not find it
hilarious that the seniors in our county are not being properly protected. I do
not find hilarious that law enforcement presence is a joke in Pasco County. I do
not find it hilarious that response times for our citizens to get a police
officer to their houses at their time of need is unacceptable.

You suggest that I am "cocky." Mr. Bowen, have you ever earned your living as a
street cop in the city of Tampa, walking the beat, risking your life every day
to protect the lives, liberty and property of people that you've never met? I
don't believe you have! My background has taught me to be confident, not cocky
and in my opinion, there is a big difference. Being confident, I can produce the
result of my desired goals.

You suggest that a Gillum candidacy will trigger such fear in Lee Cannon that
the incumbent will resign. I have never made that statement or wrote that in any
of my political material. However, in 1996, I was asked by a Times reporter to
participate in a political debate. I eagerly accepted. She then informed me that
Lee Cannon had already accepted the invitation to debate. Two hours later the
reporter called me to tell me that Lee Cannon had changed his mind and decided
not to debate me! Why? In that respect, my opinion of Lee Cannon is that he is
fearful of me and afraid of having the truth exposed.

You alleged that I took campaign contributions from a drug dealer. That is an
outright lie!

In your Opinion article you touched briefly on hiring practices during my
tenure, specifically Ken Tallier. You criticize me for hiring Ken Tallier, who
was eventually exposed for fleecing corpses, etc. Need I remind you that in the
last election the Times endorsed Tallier for the Republican nomination of
sheriff. Need I remind you that when Cannon took office he sent a memo in the
form of an "action slip" advising employees that their continued employment is
subject to review of the personnel files. So apparently Cannon's review of
Tallier's personnel file was acceptable to him.

You mentioned mishandled investigations. During my tenure as sheriff the
prosecutor at the State's Attorney's Office tried and convicted seven murders
consecutively. All seven of them are either dead or on death row. The state
cannot prosecute and convict murderers without solid police work and
investigations from the Sheriff's Office. How many mishandled cases have been
printed in the newspapers in the last eight years since Cannon has been in
office?

You criticized me for going to Tallahassee to fight for more money to hire
deputies, give better raises to our current deputies and to buy more vehicles
and equipment for the agency. What you fail to mention is the mishandling of
money by Cannon. He settled the lawsuits you mentioned in your article. Cannon
settled on the Crouch case. Cannon settled on the Kuhn case. Both cases I
believe would have been won by the Sheriff's Office. In the Crouch case it is
unknown why Cannon settled. In the Kuhn case she was released during my
administration because she covered up an accident investigation involving a
fellow police officer and longtime friend.

In reference to the computer-assisted dispatch system, it was provided by a
software company from Georgia called PSSI. The hardware was provided by Tandem
Inc. from Tampa. Cannon elected to cancel legal action that I initiated to
recover any funds regarding the CAD System.

You stated that I had a hit list of 18 employees that were going to be fired.
Where did you get such informed data? Jim Francis? Jim Francis was my chief
deputy. I had to terminate Francis from the Sheriff's Office because he
falsified his monthly vehicle expense documents and stole money from the
Sheriff's Office. If there ever was a list, which there wasn't, why wouldn't
Francis provide the names of the people on the list? Do you know why? Because
there was no such list.

In Cannon's first term he fired an estimated 200 people. That disrupted the
lives of hundreds of families in this county! The current morale is very low.

Jim Gillum, candidate

Sheriff of Pasco County

Editor's note: The names of the 18 employees targeted for firing, as provided by
former chief deputy Jim Francis, were published by the Times Sept. 10, 1992.
Also, the Times did not recommend Ken Tallier's candidacy to voters.


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company

                              758 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 16, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

READERS' LETTERS

BYLINE: MAUREEN HARDEGREE, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett Extra; Pg. 3JJ

LENGTH: 249 words

Columnist misrepresents writing critique

I have a few thoughts I would like to share about Debra Houston's column ("
Novel writing a learning opportunity") in the Gwinnett section on April 3.

Although the last two paragraphs indicate the writer did learn something from
the critique, the vast majority of the column misrepresented the Georgia Romance
Writers and in particular, Carmen Green.

Perhaps Debra missed the whole point. The critique was intended to help those
who want to send entries to the Maggies, a well-respected contest sponsored by
GRW, and to teach beginners how to write book proposals that will sell to
romance publishers.

The advice Carmen gave Debra undoubtedly was couched in those terms. Carmen was
not saying that no one remembers the turmoil of the 1960s; she was telling Debra
that in the current romance market, that decade does not sell.

Contemporary romance demographics indicate that readers are teen to young adult
females who in fact were born after the 1960s.

And, romance publishers currently are not interested in heroes who drift from
woman to woman.

What Carmen Green was doing --- what all the published writers participating in
the workshop were doing --- was imparting knowledge of the industry and the
craft of writing so that unpublished writers will move closer to having their
work published.

I value GRW and the published writers who take time from their busy schedules to
comment on my work.
MAUREEN HARDEGREE, Lawrenceville

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution

                              759 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      August 14, 1999, Saturday, Edition 1

MISOGYNISTS MISREPRESENT 'VIOLENT' WOMEN

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 818 words


Debunking head is Michelle's preference, though doesn't seem to
 fit. Second one is OK by her as second choice


 SUMMER is the silly season. In the drowsy dearth of real news, ridiculous or
trivial events often fill the void. The second most laughable event of the
summer was Conrad Black's fury about being cheated of a lordship - a titular
snit, if you will. The first place for the summer's most ridiculous story goes
to a front-page revelation in non-Lord Black's own newspaper: that women are
more violent and aggressive than men.

This fiction was instantly followed by a national chorus of right-wing
editorialists and columnists bemoaning the plight of battered men.

One hitch: The research on which this story is supposedly based shows almost the
opposite of the right-wingers' claims. Two University of British Columbia
researchers recently looked into a domestic violence survey done 12 years ago in
Alberta, and revealed that half the survey results had never been published.

In that 1987 study, men and women were asked if they committed or suffered any
acts of partner violence in the previous year. The women had reported committing
even more acts of aggression than the men, but these results had not been
published. Why? The UBC researchers admitted that the women's so- called
violence didn't add up to much more than infrequent and non-injurious acts. The
study had not gathered enough information - context or frequency of violence,
for example - to shed much light on women's ''relationship violence. ''

That didn't stop the National Post from foolishly spluttering about ''equal
female violence.''

In other widely reported studies, many women in violent relationships freely
report to researchers that they hit back, bite, throw things. Leading U.S.
researcher Dr. Lenore Walker said in an interview, ''Women will report any minor
act of touching in anger, even non-intentional acts like kicking in their sleep,
while men engage in enormous denial.'' This gender difference first showed up in
Murray Straus's controversial 1975 ''Conflict Tactics Scale'' study, in which
women reported committing as many acts of violence as men. But even Straus noted
that women are seven to 10 times more likely to be injured.

''It's a popular but irrelevant argument about who is more violent,'' Walker
commented, given that ''two-thirds of family violence deaths are women killed by
their male partners, often at the point of separation.''

Ellen Pence, training co-ordinator of Duluth Abuse Intervention Project in
Minnesota, chuckled when she heard about the current Canadian flurry around
female aggression. ''Well, it's not as though women are on a Higher Spiritual
Plane[semi] it's just that women are weaker,'' she said. ''Men are not afraid of
women's violence, whereas battering is like organized crime taking over a
neighbourhood: It controls its victims through systematic, deliberate
intimidation.''

''Battering,'' write University of Washington psychologists Neil Jacobson and
John Gottman, ''is physical aggression with a purpose: to control, intimidate
and subjugate another human being. Battering is . . . virtually always
associated with fear and even terror on the part of the woman.''

Can a man be similarly battered by a woman? Of course. Mary Asmus, Duluth city
attorney and part of the domestic abuse prosecutorial team, said that she's seen
one case: a wife who tyrannized over a husband in a wheelchair.

The exception illuminates the rule: Battering is a product of a power imbalance.
Any woman may (but obviously shouldn't) hit her partner, but he can walk away.
She, on the other hand, may be economically dependent because of her children,
or may live in realistic terror of being murdered if she dares to leave. The
news bears almost daily witness to the truth about who batters whom.

As Ellen Pence warns, ''The next step after this propaganda about women being
equally violent is that women start to be charged as aggressors. And the women
will up and say it fearlessly - 'Oh yes, I hit him' - because they feel
justified, knowing it's self-defence and not wanting to be a doormat. Women
waited centuries to react against domestic abuse, and within 10 years, it's all
turned against us. In some U.S. jurisdictions, as many women as men are charged.
They'll plead guilty really fast so they can get it over with and get back to
the kids, but the men drag it out, knowing that's how to get off. ''

Even Murray Straus, who first recorded aggressive acts self-reported by women,
has cautioned that the statistics are likely to be misused by misogynists and
apologists for male violence.

That's exactly what is beginning to happen in Canada. The reporting that begins
as mischief is capable of causing serious social harm.

Michele Landsberg's column appears Saturday in the Life section and Sunday in
the A section.


LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              760 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 14, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton response

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 417 words


This allegation is a fabrication by the OIC.

The OIC asserts that the President was "asked during his civil
deposition whether he had talked to Mr. Jordan about Ms. Lewinsky's
involvement in the Jones case" and that he "stated that he did
not recall." . . . This account of the question and answer is
simply false. The President was not asked that question, and he
did not give that answer.


To bolster this extraordinary claim, the OIC misrepresents certain
of the President's deposition responses. First, the OIC quotes
one question and answer: Q. Did anyone other than your attorneys
ever tell you that Monica Lewinsky had been served with a subpoena
in this case? A. I don't think so.

But (the OIC) omits the next question and answer, even though
it is apparent from the text, and the OIC was told by the President,
that the next question and answer were a continuation:

Q. Did you ever talk with Monica Lewinsky about the possibility
that she might be asked to testify in this case?

A. Bruce Lindsey, I think Bruce Lindsey told me that she was,
I think maybe that's the first person told me she was. I want
to be as accurate as I can.

This unresponsive answer reflects the President's effort to recall,
in response to the prior question, where he had first learned
about the subpoena, but the word "first" implies there were
other people (perhaps Mr. Jordan) who told him. The Jones lawyers
simply did not pursue this by asking the logical follow-up questions.

Nor do the remaining two passages state what the OIC claims.

The next passage asked whether, in the past two weeks (before
January 17) anyone had reported to the President that they had
had a conversation with Ms. Lewinsky about the lawsuit, to which
the President replied he did not believe so. This response of
course does not rule out all conversations with Mr. Jordan about
Ms. Lewinsky's involvement in the case, as the OIC would suggest.

The last passage on which the OIC relies simply asked whether
the President had heard that Mr. Jordan and Ms. Lewinsky met to
discuss the case; the President recounted his belief that the
two had met to discuss the job search -- about which the President
readily acknowledged an awareness.

The OIC's assertion that the President 'did not recall whether
Mr. Jordan had talked to Ms. Lewinsky about her involvement in
the Jones case,' is simply not supported by the testimony.

This allegation is a fabrication by the OIC.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              761 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 22, 1989, Saturday, Final Edition

Super Collider, Super Science

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A22; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 428 words


The Post's editorial on the Superconducting Super Collider (SSC) [July 10] notes
that the SSC "represents brilliant technology" and that it "certainly represents
good science," but suggests that the decision of the House of Representatives to
fund initial construction was misguided.

Funds requested for the SSC are attention-getting, but they are well within the
ranges of support that the country has provided to other worthy scientific
enterprises in the past. Furthermore, the state of Texas has committed $ 1
billion to defray federal costs and several foreign countries have expressed
interest in sharing in the construction of the SSC. There is no reason for the
SSC to "crowd out" other research.

The editorial misrepresents the role than can be played by major scientific
laboratories in education. Our high energy physics laboratories are involved in
broad educational activities at precollege, undergraduate, graduate, work-study
and public-information levels. In the case of graduate education, the scientific
and technical challenges at forefront accelerator laboratories attract some of
the very best science and engineering students from across the United States and
abroad, many of whom go on to become leaders in government, industry and
academia outside high energy physics.

At precollege and public levels, the excitement and interest generated around
the SSC and our other great laboratories are inspiring young people to pursue
careers in science and technology. A policy, as implied by The Post, where
educational value is assessed solely by the number of graduate students per
research dollar without regard to the quality of the students attracted or the
quality of the training received is absurd. To remain a great technical nation,
we must provide laboratories and scientific challenges that will engage the best
and brightest of future generations.

The question before Congress is not, as The Post would have it, whether the
funds can be found for the SSC, but whether we as a nation can afford to
withdraw from the cutting edge of scientific advancement.

The Super Collider is not an obstacle to progress in other fields, but a symbol
of this nation's commitment to excellence in all science. Both the Reagan and
Bush administrations have advanced the SSC as part of a comprehensive science
program that includes doubling the National Science Foundation budget over the
next few years. I strongly support this enlightened investment in our future.

ROY F. SCHWITTERS Director, Superconducting Super Collider Laboratory Dallas

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post

                              762 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             April 29, 2007 Sunday

MY VIEW: PENITENTE HISTORY GROSSLY MISREPRESENTED

BYLINE: MSGR. JEROME J. MARTINEZ Y ALIRE

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. F-4

LENGTH: 369 words


Iwrite in reference to Jo Roybal Izay's April 1 article "Former leader of 'Los
Hermanos' provides glimpse of lifestyle," on Hermano Miguel Archibeque. While it
is gratifying to have such an illustrious man's contribution to New Mexico's
spiritual life highlighted, it is equally distressing to see the author
misrepresent Penitente history, to wit:

* Since they are not a religious order, Penitentes do not take, nor ever have
taken, a vow of poverty.

* I have never heard of the Hispanic people of Northern New Mexico and southern
Colorado referred to as "tribes."

* Given the American constitutional stance on the separation of church and
state, I find the author's statement that following the Mexican-American War of
1846, the United States government deemed it necessary to "Anglicize" the Roman
Catholic Church in New Mexico as curious at best.

* Archbishop Lamy never "rejected the Penitentes as Catholics." In fact, he
wrote

the rule (regla) for the brotherhood, a rule that is read and followed in every
morada to this day. Succeeding French bishops of Santa Fe tried to further
outlaw some of the Penitente practices, but never the brotherhood itself.
Unfortunately, this caused the movement to go "underground."

* Archbishop Lamy never excommunicated Fathers Martínez or Gallegos for their
support of the Penitentes, but for disobedience of his orders not to perform the
Sacraments in their personal homes.

* The author's attempt to connect Penitente spirituality with Sephardic crypto
Jews in New Mexico is particularly ludicrous. Their Hermanos' Friday devotions
stem from the fact that Jesus died on that day of the week, not because it is
the eve of the Sabbath. The prayer known as the Sudario has to do with the
winding cloth that wrapped Jesus in his tomb, not the Jewish Kaddish!

Having been an Hermano for 26 years, I find the author's characterization of
Penitente history as contrary to personal knowledge of the movement, as well as
of the written record. I would have thought that as notable a paper as The New
Mexican would have checked the article's facts, better the lack thereof.

The Rev. Msgr. Jerome J. Martinez y Alire is rector of the Cathedral Basilica of
St. Francis of Assisi in Santa Fe.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The New Mexican

                              763 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 18, 1989, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

POLICE CHIEFS PUSH TAP BILL

BYLINE: Virgil Tipton Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 494 words


An association of Missouri police chiefs plans to lobby for legislation that
would allow police to tap the telephone lines of suspects in drug cases and
would shield officers from lawsuits, in some cases, over injuries resulting from
a chase, a member of the group said Tuesday.  The organization also will oppose
a bill allowing outside arbitrators to settle labor disputes that involve public
servants, said the member, Carl Wolf. He is chief of the Hazelwood Police
Department and chairman of the legislative committee of the Missouri Police
Chiefs Association.  About 60 members of the association met Tuesday in
Jefferson City to review bills under consideration by the Legislature this
session. At the meeting, the group's legislative committee, which met Monday,
reported its decisions on bills, Wolf said.  The association favors a bill that
would allow police in first-class counties and in cities of 50,000 or more to
tap the telephone lines of people suspected of being drug offenders after police
get a court order.  A provision to protect people wrongly suspected would
require authorities to tell anyone whose line is tapped within 90 days, Wolf
said.  The group also favors a bill that would allow police throughout the state
to cross jurisdictional lines when in pursuit of criminal suspects, Wolf said.
State law allows only police in St. Louis and in first-class counties to engage
in so-called hot pursuit, he said.  Under the bill, police departments and
officers would be immune from suits if a suspect being chased damaged property
or injured someone. The immunity would apply as long as the department has a
policy that meets minimum standards on pursuits, Wolf said.  The association
also favors legislation that would: Erase the ceiling of 2 percent on taxes
levied on telephone bills to cover 911 emergency telephone systems.  Make it
illegal for someone to misrepresent himself as a member of a police
organization.  The group opposes the arbitration legislation because outside
arbitrators would not be accountable to the electorate but could still set
salaries for public employees, Wolf said.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              764 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 11, 1990, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Bell Atlantic, U.S. Settle Bid Dispute

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 495 words


The Bell Atlantic Corporation and the Treasury Department said yesterday that
they had settled a dispute over whether the company, the nation's largest
provider of local telephone service, had misled the Federal Government.

On April 3, the Treasury temporarily barred Bell Atlantic from bidding for any
new Government contracts and accused a Bell Atlantic subsidiary of including
''misleading information'' in a bid for a $100 million contract. The settlement
yesterday lifted the suspension.

Bell Atlantic said it had agreed in the settlement ''to re-emphasize to its
employees, and to the employees of its subsidiaries, the need to verify all
information provided to the Government, including information supplied by
subcontractors.''

Bell Atlantic's Information

Both sides said the Philadelphia-based company had submitted information in
support of its position that it did not misrepresent any fact to the Treasury. A
Treasury spokesman, Art Siddon, declined to comment on whether the agency still
thought that any misrepresentation had been made.

The settlement does not resolve whether Bell Atlantic's subsidiary the
Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company will receive the contested contract,
said Kenneth A. Pitt, a spokesman for Bell Atlantic.

''The settlement is very much in Bell Atlantic's favor and the penalty is very
minor, given what was at stake,'' said Berge A. Ayvazian, a vice president with
the Yankee Group, a telecommunications consulting firm in Boston.

''It's the type of settlement that will allow both parties to go back to their
normal working relationship,'' he said.

The contract would provide for the creation of a digital communication system
with more than 20,000 phone lines at 16 locations in Washington. The Treasury
first accepted bids for the contract in December 1985 and awarded the contract
in 1987 to the American Telephone and Telegraph Company. But the award was
overturned after Bell Atlantic accused A.T.&T. of not complying with a
Government requirement that bids include only commercially available equipment.

In response, the Government reopened the bidding last year, and the Treasury
again awarded the contract to A.T.&T.

Bell Atlantic appealed the second contract award to the Board of Contract
Appeals of the General Services Administration. The award was overturned again
and remains so.

The Treasury has not announced a timetable for a third awarding of the contract,
Mr. Pitt said.

The dispute with the Treasury arose because Bell Atlantic's second bid mixed
features from two different versions of equipment to be supplied by a
subcontractor, Mr. Pitt said.

Bell Atlantic confused the features because both versions had the same model
number, Mr. Pitt said, but the Treasury suspected that the confusion might have
been deliberate.

''The whole thing here was confusion, and not just in the Government's eyes but
in ours,'' he said.

A.T.&T. declined to comment on yesterday's suspension.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company

                              765 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             May 14, 2009 Thursday

W.R. Grace absolved in Libby case

BYLINE: by Carolyn Okomo

LENGTH: 617 words


Bankrupt building products maker W.R. Grace & Co. and three of its former
executives have been acquitted of criminal charges they knowingly exposed
residents of Libby, Mont., to asbestos-contaminated materials while concealing
the associated health risks.

On May 8, jurors in the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana found
Columbia, Md.-based W.R. Grace, Henry A. Eschenbach, Jack W. Wolter and Robert
J. Bettacchi not guilty on charges including conspiracy to either cover up or
misrepresent the dangers of tremolite asbestos released in the air, Clean Air
Act violations, wire fraud and obstruction of justice. The trial began Feb. 19.

Had W.R. Grace been found guilty, it faced fines of twice its after-tax profit
from the Libby operations or twice the loss by victims, the company said in its
2008 Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The U.S.
Department of Justice, which brought the charges in 2005, alleged the company's
profit was $140 million.

"We always believed that Grace and its former executives had acted properly and
that a jury would come to the same conclusion when confronted with the
evidence," CEO Fred Festa said in a May 8 statement.

W.R. Grace operated a vermiculite concentrate processing plant between 1963 and
1991 in Libby. In its lawsuit, the Department of Justice alleged W.R. Grace
allowed the town's residents to use vermiculite in schools and other public
areas for several years, despite knowing it contained asbestos.

W.R. Grace eventually ceased operations in Libby and either sold or leased its
property between 1993 and 2000 for both residential and commercial use. It later
was designated a Superfund site by the Environmental Protection Agency after an
investigation that began on Nov. 23, 1999.

By the time the U.S. lodged its indictment against W.R. Grace and its
principals, 15% of Libby's 8,000 residents had suffered from asbestos-related
pleural abnormalities in their lungs, and the town's rate of lung cancer
mortality outpaced the general rate for Montana by roughly 30%, according to the
Department of Justice.

W.R. Grace eventually reached a $250 million settlement with the Justice
Department and the EPA, which was approved by Judge Judith K. Fitzgerald of the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware in Wilmington on June 2. The
company paid the amount plus roughly $2 million in interest during 2008,
according to SEC documents.

The settlement resolved the EPA's claims for remediation costs in Libby -
demolishing and cleaning contaminated buildings, removing contaminated soil,
providing health screenings to residents and former mine workers - but did not
cover the vermiculite mine.

"W.R. Grace is happy to have the uncertainty related to the trial out of the
way," company spokesman Greg Euston said. He added that the company is still on
track to have confirmation hearings in June and September and expects to emerge
from bankruptcy by year's end.

Throughout its bankruptcy, W.R. Grace has taken an unwavering stance against
compromising with its asbestos creditors. The company has rejected what has
become the standard formula for assessing liability through the use of outside
experts and formulas and insists it is liable for only a fraction of pending
claims.

The company pegged its assets at roughly $2.58 billion and its liabilities at
roughly $2.66 billion upon filing for Chapter 11 on April 2, 2001.

David M. Bernick, Theodore L. Freedman, Deanna D. Boll and Craig A. Bruens of
Kirkland & Ellis LLP are debtor counsel.

Laura David Jones and James E. O'Neill of Pachulski Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP in
Wilmington and Janet S. Baer of the Law Offices of Janet S. Baer PC in Chicago
are debtor co-counsel.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2009 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              766 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 25, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

RECORDINGS VIEW;
Exodus, 'Moses' And a Lot Of Gaps
David Schiff is a composer who teaches at Reed College in Portland, Ore.

BYLINE: By DAVID SCHIFF

SECTION: Section 2; Page 25; Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1965 words


IF THE CURRENT GENESIS CRAZEmoves on to Exodus, Schoenberg's opera "Moses und
Aron" might be a good provocation for heated interpretive debate. A new Deutsche
Grammophon recording, conducted by Pierre Boulez, imbues the music with a
clarity that may make it more accessible than ever before. Even so, the opera
remains disturbing in its theological, political and psychological implications.

By now even non-Jews may be familiar with the method of biblical exegesis called
midrash, in which gaps and contradictions in a biblical account are filled with
a new story. For example, the rabbis, noticing that Adam and Eve are not present
in the story of Cain and Abel, would create a story about the failed skills of
the first parents to explain the first fratricide.

Schoenberg's opera is itself a midrash on the biblical verse in which Moses says
he is "slow of speech and slow of tongue." The rabbis explained this verse by
inventing the story that the young Moses burned his mouth with a live coal.
Schoenberg gave Moses' impaired speech a philosophical significance. Moses
cannot speak because he knows that God is ineffable; words will misrepresent the
pure idea of the Unnameable.

Dividing idea from expression and superstitiously respelling the name Aaron to
avoid 13 letters in the opera's title, Schoenberg transfers all power of
communication to Aron, whose powers of persuasion inevitably distort Moses'
theology. The opera turns a heavy tongue into a potent symbol of the conflicts
between thought and action, revolutionary ideals and political realities, high
culture and mass entertainment.

Because Schoenberg never brought it to completion, "Moses und Aron" itself
demands midrashic commentary. Schoenberg wrote the libretto in 1928. He had been
thinking about it since 1923, when an encounter with anti-Semitism provoked him
to write an astonishingly prescient letter to Kandinsky about "that man Hitler"
and what he would do to people like "Einstein, Mahler and myself." Schoenberg
composed the music for two of the three acts between 1930 and 1932. He often
told friends that he wanted to complete the opera, but he left it unfinished at
his death, in 1951.

Schoenberg began work on the opera after taking up residence in Berlin. He had
written a play, "The Biblical Way," about an imaginary Zionist leader, but his
political and religious ideas were highly personal and often bizarrely utopian.

Intentionally or not, his account of the founding of Judaism is anything but
flattering. Like Freud, in his book "Moses and Monotheism," Schoenberg portrays
Moses as a Western European Jewish intellectual whose noble ideas are scorned by
a people who are ignorant, fickle, petty and treacherous. These are stereotypes
that anti-Semites applied to the unassimilated Jews of Eastern Europe. Moses has
to bring the Law down to this undeserving rabble. This view may reflect the
personal animus of a composer who, in 1938, wrote to a friend that "the Jews
have never shown any interest in my music."

Where Freud could explain this disparity only by making Moses an Egyptian
prince, Schoenberg's opera raises questions about Moses' authority as well.
Schoenberg's hero is so obsessed with ideas that he is barely more than an idea
himself. Throughout the opera he seems to resent other people for distracting
him from his pure thoughts. Aron waters down Moses' ideas, but he has a love for
others, which allows him to sway his audience. Although Schoenberg might turn in
his grave, it would not be so perverse for a director to present Schoenberg's
Moses as a schizophrenic misanthrope and his Aron as an opportunistic conjurer
-- or a Hollywood mogul.

Both Freud's dubious study and Schoenberg's opera might be seen as
manifestations of unconscious self-hatred. The atheistic Freud and, to a lesser
extent, the believing but nonpracticing Schoenberg tended to think of
anti-Semitism primarily as a threat to their own movements: psychoanalysis and
12-tone composition. Freud published his book somewhat reluctantly in 1939,
after escaping to England. With a frightening callousness to the suffering
around him, he claimed that the "truth" of his book had to come out even if it
would hurt "supposed national interests."

Schoenberg had a clearer view of reality. After Berg's death in 1935, he refused
to complete "Lulu" because of an anti-Semitic line in the text. He may have
realized that his own opera could support a similar interpretation and therefore
left it unfinished.

He may have abandoned it for other reasons as well. Although its subject is
biblical, its implications were topical. As a teacher in Berlin, he was at the
center of radical modernity, but he found himself out of step with Weimar
culture. The new music of the time was led by Hindemith and Weill. Their
neo-Baroque, jazz-inflected style of "new objectivity" consigned Schoenberg's
expressionism to the musical past.

Brecht and Weill employed a popular idiom for their operas to instruct their
audiences, not to entertain them or move them emotionally. Schoenberg retained a
more traditional idea of musical expression. He wanted to move listeners as well
as instruct them, yet the atonal language he used tended to alienate them. He
believed that time would prove his idiom to be expressive and communicative. The
fact that "Moses and Aron" is gradually establishing its place in the repertory
indicates that he may have been right.

"Moses und Aron" can be heard as a spiritual counterpart to Brecht and Weill's
epic opera "Mahagonny." Both works are expressions of ethical despair. Where
Brecht projected his nihilistic vision onto an imaginary city in Florida,
Schoenberg made his critique of hedonistic life styles in the form of a biblical
allegory. Brecht exposed capitalism at the gut level of greed, gluttony and
lust, but Schoenberg took aim at the intellectual bankruptcy he saw around him.

He fashioned the orgy before the Golden Calf so as to equate the barbarous
regression of the ancient Hebrews with the fads of Isherwood-era Berlin. Nudism,
free love, euthanasia, moral relativism and utopian socialism are literally
exposed on the stage, where Schoenberg calls for as much realism as the police
will allow: real nudity, real animal blood, the illusion of real sex. Behind its
biblical facade, Schoenberg's opera can be seen as a vision of Weimar culture as
life in hell.

Like "Mahagonny," "Moses und Aron" is structured in separate numbers without
transitions and without any Wagnerian scene painting or mood music. This
construction gives it a monumental feeling, which also dehumanizes its leading
characters in the Brechtian manner. Throughout the opera, Moses does not sing
but declaims in Sprechstimme, and Aron sings mellifluously within the limits of
Schoenberg's 12-tone idiom. Their fixed styles of performance are emblems of
ideas rather than evolving dramatic characterizations. Until its last two scenes
the opera feels more like a philosophical demonstration than a human drama.
Brecht might have approved.

In later years Schoenberg may have come to feel that his compromise with "epic
theater" was as dated as the topical references of his libretto, and thus,
completion became impossible. But the opera already contains a musical critique
of the "new objectivity" of Hindemith and Weill. In the orgy scene, Schoenberg
reversed tactics, moving from austere epic theater to a stageful of naked
virgins and young hunks cavorting among horses and camels. It is as if Aron had
suddenly taken over the composing from Moses. The orchestra sounds like a
blaring radio, pumping out Teutonic pseudo-jazz.

The orgy scene never fails to dazzle listeners, but Schoenberg was setting a
trap. By implicating listeners rather than alienating them, the surefire
depravity of the orgy scene prepares them to accept the tragic depth of Moses'
frustration in the last scene of Act II.

WRITING OF "MOSES und Aron" the philosopher Theodor Adorno argued that the only
kind of masterpiece that was valid in this century was one that undermined
itself. The argument smacks of special pleading but points to the contradictions
that make Schoenberg's opera either fascinating or baffling. These
contradictions also leave room for very different styles of musical performance
and staging.

The new Boulez recording (Deutsche Grammophon 449 174-2; two CD's) contrasts
sharply with the classic version conducted by Georg Solti on Decca/London. Both
performances -- Mr. Boulez's with the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra and
Netherlands Opera Chorus, and Mr. Solti's with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra
and Chorus -- feature superb orchestral playing and spectacular realizations of
the unrelentingly difficult choral part. But each brings out a different side of
the work.

Mr. Solti performs it as grand opera; indeed, he makes it feel like the greatest
grand opera since Verdi's "Don Carlos." The genre always pitted the personal
against the political, and Mr. Solti, accordingly, balances the human qualities
of Moses' anguished self-doubt and Aron's irrepressible salesmanship against
their ideological differences.

Mr. Boulez, despite his longstanding opposition to the Neo-Classicist esthetic,
particularly as realized in Schoenberg's music, brings out the score's "new
objectivity." Schoenberg, who had spent a decade refining the Serial technique,
simplified his style here. The score is laid out in clear phrases, textures and
colors. Mr. Boulez emphasizes the music's unexpected lucidity and, in doing so,
clarifies its architectural design and heightens its dramatic impact. He allows
one to hear the opera's short scenes as a sequence of simple statements that
continually escalate in dramatic tension.

His approach pays off at the end. Schoenberg astutely reserved the less
constrained style of his expressionist period for the closing scene; written as
a kind of super-recitative, it recalls those in Bach's "St. Matthew Passion."
The use of recitative for the dramatic scene in which Moses shatters the tablets
was Schoenberg's ultimate demonstration that although surrounded by
Neo-Classical pretenders, he was the true heir of the Classical tradition.

Mr. Boulez understands how the effectiveness of this last scene depends on the
cumulative stylistic control that leads up to it. If the entire opera is
performed, as Mr. Solti does it, with a magnified emotional buzz, this dramatic
goal can be lost.

It is hard to judge whether Mr. Boulez's principal singers fail or succeed
because their approach fits in with his "epic theater" approach. David
Pittman-Jennings and Chris Merritt, the two American leads, give performances so
lacking in dramatic nuance that the effect seems calculated. Mr.
Pittman-Jennings's Sprechstimme is a monotonous cry of pain, repelling any
sympathy. Mr. Merritt attends well to the bel canto aspect of Aron's part. He
makes a lovely sound but ignores the many indications in the score for variety
of expression.

Schoenberg may have wanted Aron to sound like Richard Tauber, but the composer's
style never produces melodies that might seduce the Jewish people on stage or
the audience in the hall. Mr. Merritt's euphony reveals the wishfulness of
Schoenberg's conception. Philip Langridge's more dramatic performance with Mr.
Solti shows that this flaw need not be fatal.

These two recordings are both midrashim, which try to find consistency in a work
that either because it is imperfect or because it is still beyond us, refuses to
come together neatly. It can impress or bore, can seem almost Victorian in its
moral certitudes or all too modern in its prophecy of moral collapse. Perhaps
Schoenberg's utopianism is contagious, but one could imagine that a debate on
its meaning might make for an interesting hour on PBS.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Aaron, left, and Moses before the Pharaoh--Turning a heavy
tongue into a symbol of conflicts between thought and action, revolutionary
ideals and political realities. (Corbis-Bettmann)(pg. 25); Pierre Boulez--An
emphasis on lucidity heightens the opera's dramatic impact. (Paul Kolnik)(pg.
29)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                              767 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 29, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Former Head Of Centrust Is Indicted

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 37; Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, Feb. 28


David Paul, former chairman of the Centrust Savings Bank, was indicted on
Federal conspiracy and fraud charges that contended he propped up his failing
institution with a $25 million sham purchase of securities by B.C.C.I.,
prosecutors said today.

Mr. Paul also conspired to loot Centrust for his own gain, said James McAdams,
acting United States attorney for southern Florida. The former Centrust chairman
collected almost $21 million in salary, bonuses, stock dividends and loan
proceeds in the five years he controlled the institution, Mr. McAdams said.

The indictment ties the savings and loan failures to the huge fraud at the Bank
of Credit and Commerce International, the international bank seized by
regulators last summer.

The indictment also named a former B.C.C.I. shareholder, Ghaith Pharaon, and
William Christopher Berry, who ran the failed savings institution's investment
department, Mr. McAdams said.

Mr. Paul and Mr. Berry lied about a stock swap between Centrust and the defunct
Lincoln Savings and Loan, and repeatedly falsified documents to misrepresent
Centrust's financial health, the indictment said.

"Paul and Pharaon are charged with willful misapplication of Centrust money,"
Mr. McAdams said after reading the charges. "Such practices strike at the heart
of the economy of this nation and must not go unaddressed."

Centrust was seized two years ago by Federal regulators at a loss of $1.7
billion amid charges that Mr. Paul plundered the institution at the expense of
account holders.

Mr. Paul, 52 years old, faces up to 100 years in prison and $5 million in fines
if convicted on 20 counts. Mr. Berry faces 90 years and $4.5 million on 18
counts, and Mr. Pharaon could be jailed for 10 years and fined $500,000 if
convicted of two conspiracy counts.

The investigation into Mr. Paul and the failure of Centrust "is continuing and
it is intensive," Mr. McAdams said. He would not comment further.

Mr. Paul's lawyer, Aubrey Harwell of Nashville, said overzealous regulators
brought on the indictment, adding, "Mr. Paul is ready to begin to vigorously
defend himself against these charges."

A judge last week ordered Mr. Paul jailed for up to 18 months for contempt for
refusing to produce documents sought by the grand jury looking into his
institution's failure.

Mr. Pharaon, 50, a Saudi businessman who also was indicted in November in
Washington on racketeering charges, remains a fugitive. Mr. McAdams offered no
information on Mr. Berry's whereabouts.

The indictment said Mr. Paul and Mr. Pharaon conspired to make Centrust appear
healthier than it was after the Federal Home Loan Bank Board expressed concerns
in May 1988 that Centrust's portfolio of junk bonds left the institution
dangerously exposed.

To convince regulators that investors believed in Centrust's future, Mr. Paul
arranged to sell B.C.C.I. $25 million in bonds, then buy them back two months
later. Mr. Pharaon pocketed a $331,500 commission on the deal, the indictment
said.

The indictment also said Mr. Paul and Mr. Berry arranged the swap of stock
between Lincoln and Centrust in December 1987. Both institutions sold stock to
each other at a large increase over the purchase price, generating significant
paper profits when no capital actually changed hands, the indictment said.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                              768 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Lean works

BYLINE: Dr. Susan Shaw, The Starphoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 283 words


Gary Kaplan's recent article in the journal Quality and Safety does indeed
provide valuable insights for Saskatchewan health care (Realize that lean is one
of many tools, July 31). Unfortunately, it appears columnist Mark Lemstra
misunderstood or misinterpreted Dr. Kaplan's premise. The chair and CEO of
Seattle's Virginia Mason Health System doesn't say that lean does not work.
Rather, he says lean tools and methodologies need to be linked to an
organizational commitment to integrate lean into the organization/system, in
order to realize its full benefits. When this does not happen, lean results can
be disappointing. We know that, on their own, lean tools and events are
insufficient. It's not easy, but for the first time ever, health regions,
government, and supporting agencies in Saskatchewan are thinking and acting as
one true system. We have committed to using lean to put the patient first, and
are actively engaging patients and families in improvement activities.

Lemstra's column misrepresents Kaplan's view and uses it to reinforce his
opinions - which seem unswayed by the evidence of Virginia Mason's success,
turning from the brink of financial disaster to become a highly regarded
organization. Lemstra overlooks the fact that lean consultant John Black was in
fact critical to the Virginia Mason journey. Their health system has
successfully transitioned to being a world leader that now teaches others how to
use lean to deliver safe, compassionate, defect-free care with no waiting. And
Lemstra errs in saying Kaplan's article was not peer reviewed: BMJ Quality and
Safety is in fact a highly selective peer reviewed journal.

Dr. Susan Shaw Board Chair, Health Quality Council

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved

                              769 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Yahoo lashes out at Icahn

BYLINE: Jonathan Thaw, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 249  words


Yahoo Inc., fending off an assault from Carl Icahn, said the billionaire
investor misrepresented the facts about its rejection of a $47.5 billion bid
from Microsoft Corp.

Icahn's claim that an employee-retention program is a so-called poison pill
"could not be further from the truth," Yahoo chairman Roy Bostock said yesterday
in a letter to Icahn.

He said the program is designed to protect Yahoo's assets during a time of
uncertainty.

"Your letter seriously misrepresents and manipulates the facts," Bostock said in
the eight paragraph letter. "You rely on, as 'facts,' a series of
unsubstantiated allegations."

Icahn said yesterday that Yahoo chief executive officer and co-founder Jerry
Yang should be replaced for sabotaging Microsoft's efforts to buy the Internet
company.

Combining with Microsoft is the only way Yahoo can become a "true competitor" to
Google Inc., he said.

Bostock said Yahoo has met with Microsoft many times in the past weeks, and that
the board is open to any deal.

Microsoft has said it isn't interested in a full acquisition of Sunnyvale,
California-based Yahoo, even though the Internet company has reached out
"proactively," Bostock said.

Icahn, 72, didn't immediately respond to a message left at his office after
business hours. Yahoo spokesman Brad Williams said the letter speaks for itself.

Yahoo rose 70 cents, or 2.7 percent, to $26.85 US in Nasdaq Stock Market
trading. Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft, the world's largest software
maker, rose 23 cents to $27.54.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                              770 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 11, 2012 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Clinton misrepresents truth

BYLINE: MonaCharen

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 774 words


Mona Charen

Mona Charen:

Mona Charen

The Clinton line, an elaboration of Obama excuse No. 37 for the dismal economy
(after the Arab Spring, ATMs, the euro crisis and tomato blight in Mrs. Obama's
White House garden), goes like this: The economy was so damaged by George W.
Bush-era policies that "no president" could have been expected to do better than
the record-high poverty, staggering unemployment, shrinking workforce
participation, anemic growth and gargantuan debt over which Barack Obama has
presided.

We're asked to believe that the Obama administration knew all along that things
would take longer than four years to improve. "I never said this journey would
be easy," the president claimed in Charlotte, N.C. On the contrary, the
president stated explicitly on Feb. 1, 2009, that if he failed to get the
economy turned around in three years, he would be looking at a "one-term
proposition."

If the Obama administration knew from the start that the so-called "hole" left
by the previous administration was too deep to climb out of in one term, why did
they repeatedly claim that the recovery was at hand? "Recovery Summer," the
White House website promised, would begin in June 2010.

Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner authored a New York Times op-ed in August 2010
proclaiming "Welcome to the Recovery." Geithner wrote, "(A) review of recent
data on the American economy shows that we are on a path back to growth." Though
acknowledging continuing challenges, Geithner assured readers that "the actions
we took ... to stimulate the economy helped arrest the freefall, preventing an
even deeper collapse and putting the economy on the road to recovery."

Not true. The recovery actually began in June 2009, long before the overwhelming
majority of stimulus funds had been spent. Few of those dollars went to
construction and other so-called jobs programs anyway, as the president
acknowledged later when he said he had learned that "shovel-ready projects" were
not so. If Bush was responsible for the "hole," but the Obama administration
could take credit for the modest growth in 2010, how can Bush now be held
responsible for the slump since 2010?

Geithner was on even shakier ground when, during a TV interview, he explained
how the Bush administration had caused the crisis. "You saw the government of
the United States living way beyond its means, borrowing with - from future
generations to finance a set of programs and tax cuts, without paying for them."
Bush deserves blame for overspending, but no one lives in a more fragile glass
house than Obama on that measure.

If Geithner and Obama knew in 2010 that the economy was too damaged by Bush to
repair, why didn't they say so then? The answer is obvious. They truly believed
that a huge Keynesian spending program would work to stimulate the private
economy. That misplaced faith was the reason Obama could confidently assure Matt
Lauer that if the economy weren't fixed in three years, he'd be held
"accountable."

Bill Clinton, true to his nature, misrepresented nearly every relevant fact
about the economy for the past 30 years, and particularly for the past four. How
else to cite "arithmetic" when praising a president who has rung up $5 trillion
in new debt in one term? How else to count as "savings" $848 billion in money
not spent on wars in Afghanistan and Iraq - as if those wars were projected to
continue another decade?

But back to the financial crisis. That crisis was caused by the collapse of the
housing bubble. If the severity of that crisis explains the struggling American
economy under Obama, one would expect that those states most affected by the
housing implosion would be in the most trouble. But as James Pethokoukis of the
American Enterprise Institute has pointed out, the states that suffered the
greatest losses in home values did not do noticeably worse during the recovery
than those in which the housing crisis was milder.

A report by the San Francisco Federal Reserve found: "There's almost no
systematic relationship between employment growth and home price declines."
These findings, the report concludes, "indicate that the economy faces obstacles
that are national in scope. The slow pace of expansion has affected all regions
of the country. During the recovery, states where house price declines have been
relatively mild have not done noticeably better than states where housing got
hammered."

The Democrats are hoping they can turn George W. Bush into Herbert Hoover and
Barack Obama into Franklin Roosevelt. But as Bill Clinton once said about
another Obama claim, it's a "fairy tale."

Mona Charen is a columnist for Creators Syndicate.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              771 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              May 11, 2012 Friday

Columnist misrepresents LDS Church doctrine and policy

BYLINE: Joseph Walker Deseret News

LENGTH: 669 words


New York Post columnist Maureen Callahan recently tried to explain to her
readers the ecclesiastical implications for Mitt and Ann Romney and their
activity in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) if the
family ends up living in the White House. Callahan cited several sources in her
column, although there is nothing officially from the LDS Church. Too bad. Even
if she had just gone to the church's Newsroom website, specifically prepared as
a media resource, she might have avoided some glaring misrepresentations of LDS
Church doctrine, policy, practice and procedure.

For example: Callahan wrote: "There are 136 Mormon temples in the world, though
most members worship at one of the thousands of smaller churches ... " She erred
by suggesting LDS temples and meetinghouses are functionally interchangable,
going so far as to say that "there are rooms for Sunday services" in the temples
? which is simply not true. In fact, LDS temples are closed on Sundays. On the
Newsroom website Callahan would have found articles explaining Mormon worship
services and the respective purposes of temples and chapels. "Sunday services
last three hours, and begin with the hour-long 'sacrament,' their version of
communion, with water swapped in for wine," Callahan wrote. "That's followed by
another hour of sermons, delivered by rotating congregants, and a third hour in
which men and women split up to pray and converse in small groups." Close, but
not quite, as Newsroom articles on how Mormons worship and what to expect at an
LDS worship service would have clarified. Callahan speculated that if Mitt
Romney is elected president, he would "attend the same chapel as Harry Reid,
located in a leafy, well-to-do suburb of Maryland, a 20-minute drive from
Capitol Hill. The optics of a sitting president walking into an unassuming brick
building, mixing with and being ministered to by fellow congregants from
different backgrounds, would be the best free advertising the religion's had
since the Osmonds." For the record, the LDS meetinghouse locator associated with
the lds.org website indicates that the White House address ? 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue in Washington, D.C. ? falls within the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the
church's Washington D.C. 3rd Ward, which currently shares a meetinghouse with
the Chevy Chase Ward, the ward that Sen. Reid attends. However, the DC 3rd Ward
will move into a new meetinghouse on 16th Street in Washington, D.C., this fall.
Church officials have indicated that until it is officially determined that an
LDS family will be moving into that address, no decisions will be made as far as
meeting attendance, home teaching, visiting teaching and other church
assignments are concerned. Callahan wrote about going to the Washington D.C.
Temple Visitors Center, talking to young female missionaries who "wear
calf-length skirts, flat shoes and an indefatigable air of energized piety."
Then she added: "Less than two hours after my visit ? despite giving staffers
only my first name and filling out no paperwork ? I was startled to get a
voicemail on my cell phone from someone identifying himself as a prophet, saying
that he'd like to 'start interceding for your life' and asking me to call an 800
number to join a prayer circle." Callahan blithely linked the two events,
inferring that the phone call came as a result of her visit to the visitor's
center. The Newsroom article on the LDS missionary program would have told her
that missionaries are referred to as "elder" and sister," not "prophet," and
that their work has nothing to do with "interceding for your life" or organizing
"prayer circles." And common sense should have told her that there's no way the
missionaries could have come up with her cell phone number based only on her
first name. There are other issues within Callahan's column, most of them
similarly mixing a little truth with a lot of misunderstanding ? most of which
could have been avoided with a few clicks on the LDS Newsroom website.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              772 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

Commentary: Can you misrepresent facts to buyer and get away with it?

BYLINE: Scott Pitman and Michael Pill

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1587  words


In last week's column ("In Massachusetts, if the facts are wrong, it's fraud"),
we reviewed the tort of misrepresentation, particularly in a real estate
context. Now we ask whether a seller or real estate agent can invoke a purchase
and sale contract exculpatory clause to escape liability for misrepresentations
made to a buyer.

"Exculpate" means "freeing from blame, fault, or guilt, especially fault or
guilt with blameworthy intent ... . " Webster's Third New International
Dictionary, Unabridged, Online Edition.

The Greater Boston Real Estate Board's "Standard Form Purchase and Sale
Agreement" contains the following exculpatory clause:

"The BUYER acknowledges that the BUYER has not been influenced to enter into
this transaction nor has he relied upon any warranties or representations not
set forth or incorporated in this agreement or previously made in writing,
except for the following additional warranties and representations, if any, made
by either the SELLER or the Broker(s):"

Similar clauses are found in other standard form purchase and sale agreements.

In residential real estate transactions using standardized form contracts, such
exculpatory clauses generally do not afford a defense against misrepresentation
claims. In the landmark case Bates v. Southgate, 308 Mass. 170, 182-183 (1941),
the court stated the legal rule and public policy this way:

"As a matter of principle it is necessary to weigh the advantages of certainty
in contractual relations against the harm and injustice that result from fraud.
In obedience to the demands of a larger public policy the law long ago abandoned
the position that a contract must be held sacred regardless of the fraud of one
of the parties in procuring it. ... The same public policy that in general
sanctions the avoidance of a promise obtained by deceit strikes down all
attempts to circumvent that policy by means of contractual devices. In the realm
of fact it is entirely possible for a party knowingly to agree that no
representations have been made to him, while at the same time believing and
relying upon representations which in fact have been made and in fact are false
but for which he would not have made the agreement. To deny this possibility is
to ignore the frequent instances in everyday experience where parties accept
statements of fact ... and act upon agreements containing ... exculpatory
clauses ... but ... do so ... in reliance upon the honesty of supposed friends,
the plausible and disarming statements of salesmen, or the customary course of
business. To refuse relief would result in opening the door to a multitude of
frauds and in thwarting the general policy of the law.

"... [C]ontracts or clauses attempting to protect a party against the
consequences of his own fraud are against public policy and void where fraud
inducing the contract is shown, whether that fraud was 'antecedent' to the
contract or 'entered into the making' of it. In the words of Granlund v. Saraf,
263 Mass. 76, at page 80, 160 N.E. 408, at page 409, '[a]ttempts under the form
of contract to secure total or partial immunity from liability for fraud are all
under the ban of the law. '"

Bates v. Southgate, supra, did add a cautionary note that "[n]othing herein said
affects any evidential value of exculpatory clauses or agreements as tending to
show that no extraneous representations were in fact made, or if made that they
were not relied upon. " 308 Mass. at 183.

In V.S.H. Realty, Inc. v. Texaco, Inc., 757 F.2d 411, 418 (1st Cir. 1985),
quoting Bates v. Southgate, supra, the court stated succinctly "that
Massachusetts case law unequivocally rejects assertion of an 'as is' clause as
an automatic defense against allegations of fraud ... . "

An attempt to use an exculpatory clause as the basis for summary judgment was
rejected in Sheehy v. Lipton Industries, Inc., 24 Mass. App. Ct. 188, 193-194
(1988), with these words:

"[T]he materials in the record create a triable issue on the question of the
plaintiff's reliance on the statement. On that point, the provisions in the
purchase and sale agreement that the plaintiff accepted the conveyance 'as is,'
that he 'recognize[d] that [s]eller makes no warranties whatsoever,' and that he
'has not been influenced to enter into this transaction nor has he relied upon
any warranties or representations not set forth in this agreement or previously
made in writing' (none was set forth or made) cannot assist either defendant in
obtaining summary judgment. Massachusetts case law rejects the assertion of 'as
is' and like clauses as an automatic defense to allegations of fraud or deceit.
"

In Zimmerman v. Kent, 31 Mass. App. Ct. 72, 76-77 & n. 9, 83 (1991), the seller
rebuffed a buyer's complaint, relying on exculpatory contract language. The
buyer sued and won a judgment that both rescinded the sale of a house and
awarded substantial damages.

However, home buyers represented by an attorney, who engaged in contract
negotiations resulting in customized contract language, found their claims
barred by an exculpatory contract clause in Cone v. Ellis, 59 Mass. App. Ct.
748, 751-752 (2003).

"[I]n Bates v. Southgate, supra at 170-172, the ... Court refused to preclude a
suit for intentional misrepresentation when the defense was based on a
boilerplate exculpatory clause contained in the broker's confirmation slip. See
id. at 184, ...

"However, the Supreme Judicial Court has also observed 'how easily and
insensibly words of hope or expectation are converted by an interested memory
into statements of quality and value when the expectation has been disappointed.
' Deming v. Darling, 148 Mass. 504, 506 (1889). '[M]uch of what is said during
the negotiation of a business agreement never becomes part of the final bargain.
Only what matters is reduced to writing and signed. ' McCartin v. Westlake, 36
Mass. App. Ct. 221, 232 (1994). ...

"In determining whether an exculpatory clause is the result of a 'deliberate,
uncoerced, and businesslike process [that] ... cannot be undone,' we have looked
at the length of negotiations; whether the plaintiffs were represented by
counsel; who proposed changes that became part of the final agreement; and
whether the subject of the purported misrepresentation was specifically
addressed in the contract. See McCartin v. Westlake, 36 Mass. App. Ct. at 231.

"... [T]he misrepresentation claim in this case was precluded by the merger and
exculpatory clauses. ... [T]he buyers were represented by an attorney ... . The
clause stating that the buyers relied completely on the home inspector was
customized to this contract. Both it and the merger clause were reviewed by the
buyers' attorney and survived his revisions and additions constituting part of
the signed contract. These actions constitute the type of deliberate, uncoerced,
and businesslike negotiations to whose product we give effect. "

One moral of the story in Cone v. Ellis, supra, is that a buyer's attorney
should inquire whether any verbal representations have been made by the seller
or real estate agent. All representations should be reduced to writing and
included in the purchase and sale contract. If a dispute results, better to find
out prior to closing that the seller or agent was just "puffing" or "expressing
a personal opinion. "

The above quoted Greater Boston Real Estate Board's standard contract
exculpatory clause caused a five-judge panel to split 3-2 in DeWolfe v. Hingham
Centre, Ltd., 80 Mass. App. Ct. 765, 773-774 (2011), vacating summary judgment
for the defendant real estate broker.

Plaintiff DeWolfe was a small business owner who wanted to relocate his hair
salon to the first floor of a two-story house. He planned to live above the
salon. The real estate broker misrepresented in writing (claiming the inaccurate
information came from the seller, which the seller denied) that the property was
in a business zoning district where the hair salon would be allowed.

The buyer discovered shortly after the closing that "the property was not zoned
in a 'Business B' district, but rather in a 'Residential B' district in which a
six-station hair salon was not a permitted use. " 80 Mass. App. Ct. at 768.

Although the broker's "newspaper advertisement stated that the property was
'[z]oned Business B'" (80 Mass. App. Ct. at 766), the dissent claimed "this case
does not involve allegations of fraud and deceit ... . " 80 Mass. App. Ct. at
776.

The majority in the DeWolfe case interpreted the contract exculpatory clause
(correctly in our opinion) as not precluding buyer reliance "upon ...
representations ... previously made in writing ... . " 80 Mass. App. Ct. at 771.

The dissent argued the exculpatory clause "excludes the buyer's reliance on
representations previously made in writing. " 80 Mass. App. Ct. at 774. The
majority expressed concern (80 Mass. App. Ct. at 773-774) that:

"The dissent's proposed construction would have broad implications, because the
language at issue appears in the Greater Boston Real Estate Board standard form
purchase and sale agreement. It would strip from every buyer using this form his
or her right to rely upon written warranties or representations made by brokers
or sellers, a right that every buyer and every lawyer until now properly has
understood the buyer to have. "

On Feb. 2, the SJC deferred action on a pending application for further
appellate review, so the final outcome in DeWolfe remains unknown.

Scott Pitman practices at the Law Offices of William V. Hovey in Boston. Michael
Pill is a lawyer at Green, Miles, Lipton & Fitz-Gibbon in Northampton.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              773 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 17, 2008, Friday

Editorial misrepresents Evangelical Christians

BYLINE: Andy DeHart

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 823 words


I READ your editorial on "fundamentalist churches" that spoke in favor of
certain political figures. While I have firm opinions on who I will vote for in
November, I will not, in compliance with the law of the land, preach these from
the pulpit nor will I endorse anyone while representing my church.

However, you contorted why evangelical (or fundamentalist, if you want to make
good, caring and intelligent American citizens seem equal with Muslim
terrorists) Christians vote Republican.

-While the Bible does not specifically speak on abortion (they were a little
more humane toward the unborn in those days), it does speak of the sanctity of
human life. From mankind bearing the image of God (Imago Dei) in Genesis, to the
restoration of the human body with the resurrection in 1 Corinthians, innocent
human life is important to God. Passages such as Psalm 139:14 (I am fearfully
and wonderfully made), Psalm 22:9-10 (You brought me forth from the womb, You
have been my God from my mother's womb), Psalm 139:13 (You wove me in my
mother's womb) proclaim the wonder, beauty and sacredness of the unborn.
Further, others are despised for their lack of compassion like in Isaiah 13:18
(They will not even have compassion on the fruit of the womb, nor will their eye
pity children). Because of this, abortion is important to evangelicals.

-As for state-sponsored killing of homosexuals, that is absent from the New
Testament because it was a purity law for the nation of Israel. If you remember
your Old Testament history, Israel was a theocracy, meaning that while they had
prophets, judges and kings, God was in charge. If someone made the nation impure
with his or her actions, they had to be cut off from the nation. The New
Testament, does, however, say that within the eyes of God, homosexuality is a
sin, and it cannot be reconciled with the faithful life of a Christ-follower.
Evangelicals don't seek to kill anyone because we are all sinners saved by the
grace of God.

-Evangelicals want tax breaks for all people of America because we are better
stewards of our money than the government is. Syracuse professor Arthur C.
Brooks has found that conservative Christians are the most charitable people in
the United States, both percentage-wise as well as with total giving. We trust
that our mission organizations, denominations and individual churches will
handle money better and do more with it than the government will. The Southern
Baptist Convention has already served 3.7 million meals for people devastated by
Hurricane Ike in Galveston. Various mission organizations are still trying to
get into New Orleans to continue the cleanup from Hurricane Katrina, but
problems have arisen with government bureaucracy. We want to take care of the
poor and downtrodden, but we don't want to do it through the government.
Evangelicals want to do it themselves because Christ commands it of them
personally (you feed the poor, you clothe the naked, you visit the sick).

-Regarding the Iraq War, all Americans (conservative and liberal alike) thought
at the time that America was in danger. Jesus said the peacemakers are blessed
(this peacemaking was not directed at nations, but rather the audience of the
Sermon on the Mount. This means Christ's followers then and now are not to seek
lawsuits, but peace - not retribution, but peace - and not what is supposedly
deserved, but peace) but Jesus also said through His apostle Paul that God has
ordained our governments to wield the sword. One of any government's first
responsibilities is to protect her people. This is an ordained command from God.
Evangelicals, no matter how much peace is desired, know that in a sinful world a
strong military is not an option but a need.

-As for "government-sponsored worship," you may want to do some historical
research. (By the way, Jesus wasn't railing against public prayer, because He
prayed in public. He was arguing that prayer that makes you look like some kind
of spiritual giant done in public is repulsive to God because our lives, which
are full of sin, prove we are not spiritual giants, but merely spiritual beggars
reliant upon His grace.)

Baptist churches have strong Anabaptist leanings, which means they are staunchly
opposed to state-sponsored religion. Guys like Conrad Grebel, Minno Simons,
Balthasar Hubmaier, John Smyth, John Bunyan, John Milton, Andrew Fuller, Isaac
Backus and Roger Williams would have strongly opposed the government messing
with their religion. We've all seen from our own grade-school experiences how
the Pledge of Allegiance has been bastardized by empty repetition by children
who don't care and don't understand what they are repeating. Evangelicals don't
want God offended that way, and neither would their spiritual forefathers. It's
embarrassing and a waste of time. While all evangelicals may not agree, most
Baptists would offer a hearty amen.

DeHart is lead pastor of Centerpointe Church at Hurricane.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers

                              774 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 10, 2007 Monday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Letters | Taking Exception;
Misrepresenting toll legislation

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Opinion; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 169 words


It is utterly amazing that a writer for a Philadelphia newspaper could be so
critical of a plan benefitting our city as Kevin Ferris was in his sarcastic
Aug. 31 column ("Regarding toll booths: Why stop with I-80?").

For openers, he misrepresents my legislation by suggesting that all of the money
from the I-80 tolls will go toward "mostly urban mass-transit systems." In fact,
more than half the money goes for repair of roads and bridges all over the
state, a maintenance backlog that Gov. Rendell had identified as his chief
budget priority - with good reason, as we saw the in tragic Minnesota bridge
collapse.

While sympathizing with residents of the rural northern tier of Pennsylvania,
Ferris chooses to ignore that my legislation keeps financially struggling SEPTA
afloat for its one million daily riders.

If Ferris doesn't like the toll plan, perhaps in his next column he should tell
his readers which of their taxes he would like to raise to provide the funding
instead.

State Sen. Vincent J. Fumo

Philadelphia

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              775 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 11, 2006 Wednesday

DeWine decries 'unfair' attacks

BYLINE: By Jessica Wehrman jwehrman@coxnews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 334 words


WASHINGTON - U.S. Sen. Mike DeWine, R-Ohio, on Tuesday defended Supreme Court
nominee Samuel Alito, lashing out against what DeWine said were distortions of
Alito's record.

"You can distort and misrepresent anyone's record, and that, I believe, is what
some of your opponents are doing to you," the senator said during the second day
of Senate Judiciary Committee hearings on Alito's nomination. "It's unfair, it's
inaccurate and it's just flat-out wrong."

DeWine defended Alito rulings on race discrimination as well as attacks on his
involvement in a case regarding Vanguard, where Alito kept some mutual funds.

Democrats including Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts and Patrick Leahy of
Vermont have expressed concern about why Alito did not initially recuse himself
from the case.

DeWine called the subject "a non-issue." Vanguard, he said, "was not accused of
any wrongdoing, it didn't stand to lose anything. Really, the only question was
whether to transfer some funds held for one person to another (person). It was
simply being asked who to pay the money to, who to give the money to."

He called the attacks on Alito and Vanguard a joke.

DeWine also took exception to committee Chairman Arlen Specter's assertion that
Roe v. Wade is a "super-duper" legal precedent. Specter supports abortion
rights; DeWine does not.

Questioned earlier in the day, Alito had said he would deal with the issue of
abortion "with an open mind," but defended a judicial vote in support of a
Pennsylvania law that would have required women seeking abortions to notify
their husbands.**

"To me, Roe is not super-precedent," DeWine said, saying though the court has
addressed Roe v. Wade 38 times since it was initially decided, some cases have
actually weakened the ruling.

He said some prior rulings, such as Plessy v. Ferguson, which allowed racial
segregation, were upheld before being rejected. "The mere fact that Roe has been
upheld for more than 30 years does not mean it is entitled to special
deference," DeWine said.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              776 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            March 3, 2004 Wednesday

Weapons tests not to blame, family says

BYLINE: Lee Davidson Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 727 words


WASHINGTON -- I unwittingly worsened a feud last week among the family of the
late Alan Vorwaller. It in miniature demonstrates the debate about whether
government weapons testing is to blame for deaths of Utahns who lived downwind.

I reported how Alan's widow, Bonnie Adamsson-Vorwaller, a Tooele native now
living in Texas, wrote in obituaries that Alan's Feb. 1 death at age 42 was due
to repeated exposure to atomic, germ and chemical warfare agents -- not just
one, but all three -- as he was raised in Tooele.

That column prompted a call from Alan's father, Donald, who still lives in
Tooele. He said he and Alan's siblings disagree. "From our point of view, she is
a distraught widow who is determined to politicize Alan's illness and death and
will say whatever she needs to accomplish her agenda," he said.

He says Bonnie misrepresents events in Alan's life to blame government tests.
Bonnie says she represents what her husband told her -- and says his family is
hesitant to blame the Army that still employs some of its members and neighbors.

First, review Bonnie's statements.

She says Alan was diagnosed with a lung cancer that had spread to bones. She
says doctors were astonished he never smoked and never lived or worked around
smokers. She said they told her that type of cancer spreads at known rates --
and normally would have required 30 years of exposure to spread so far.

Bonnie said she tried to figure what Alan was doing 30 years ago -- and that was
living as a youth in Tooele County. It was downwind (as was most of Utah) from
atomic tests in Nevada. Radiation can cause lung cancer. She blames it.

Later, she said a second cancer type was found -- when battles against the first
appeared to be succeeding. She said doctors questioned if he had ever been
exposed to genetic-altering substances that could be behind it.

After research, she blamed nerve agent tests at Dugway Proving Ground. She said
her husband told her he had "nerve tingling" and even temporary paralysis as a
kid -- which studies say could be a sign of low-level exposure to nerve agent.
She said he was an Eagle Scout and avid camper on the western desert where such
tests occurred.

Finally, she said doctors suspected high temperatures before his death were
related to some exotic germ exposure. She wondered if eating rabbits from the
western desert around Dugway -- which worked with exotic germs -- could have led
to that.

Donald said his son never had any "nerve tingling" or paralysis. "I would have
known," he said. He adds that his son did not camp that much and may have gone
out to the western desert only a couple of times. He says Alan never ate wild
rabbits. Most importantly, he was an infant during the last open-air atomic
tests.

While later underground atomic tests (which sometimes vented radiation to the
atmosphere) and atomic rocket tests spread radiation, he says that was in much
smaller amounts -- and no scientific studies tie atomic tests to cancer in
Tooele.

Karen Vorwaller, Alan's stepmother, said, "The truth is we don't know what
caused his cancer any more than what causes any one else's cancer."

University of Utah Medical School professor John D. Kriesel sent an e-mail after
he saw the initial story saying much the same. He noted that while
epidemiological studies in southern Utah did find "weak but significant" ties
between cancer and atomic testing there, "no such links have been found in
northern Utah" as far as he knows.

Kriesel added, "It is human nature to seek blame for illness. This is a source
of excellent employment for many attorneys, but assigning a cause to individual
cases of cancer is almost never possible. The only way to do this is through
epidemiological studies."

But people like Bonnie still believe tests killed loved ones. Others don't. For
example, the Tooele Transcript-Bulletin refused to run the obituary Bonnie wrote
blaming tests for her husband's death. Associate Publisher Clayton Dunn said in
an e-mail that it was rejected because his paper has found her to be "an
eccentric person."

With the government discussing restarting underground atomic tests in Nevada,
continuing nerve agent incineration at Tooele and expanding germ work at Dugway,
such debates among Utahns are likely to continue and widen. Deseret Morning News
Washington correspondent Lee Davidson can be reached by e-mail at
lee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              777 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            December 2, 2002 Monday
                                 Final Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: A; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 612  words


Remark misrepresents architects

Thanks to Mr. Jeff Sica for his Nov. 21 letter expressing valid concern over an
overwhelming amount of development in our area ("No more suburban
developments"). However, the reference to the AlA "scenic" highway as being
scenic only to an architect is misleading. Many of these developments more than
likely would be offensive to an architect also because of the way in which they
are being initiated.

In order to be referred to as an architect in the United States, one must have
the proper education through an accredited school of architecture and intern
with a licensed professional for a number of years in order to apply for a
three-day exam in any of our 50 states. One must achieve design training and
experience and fulfill yearly continuing education hours as regulated in each
state.

A registered architect in Florida must follow the Florida statutes regulating
the profession by the Department of Professional Regulations. Many residential
and commercial structures in our area are not designed by a licensed architect.
An architect is concerned with establishing a built environment that is rich in
aesthetics and sensitive to the surrounding environment and needs of the
community in his/ her element of design.

Please don't blame architects for the development of properties whose owners are
not educated enough to retain the design skills of the appropriate licensed
architects and engineers in providing professional services to the public.

J. STEPHEN CRUZ A.I.A.

Palm Coast

Death penalty too costly

Before we resort to a state income tax to fund basic education and
transportation programs, we should objectively examine the cost, efficiency and
usefulness of other state programs.

According to the Department of Corrections Web site at www.dc.state.fl.us/, in
the 30 years since the death penalty was reinstituted, Florida has executed 53
people, an average of fewer than two a year. How much time, judicial labor and
taxpayer money did it take to execute 53 people? There are 368 death-sentenced
inmates who just sit in single-person cells working on their appeals rather than
working for their keep as do general-population inmates. How much time, judicial
labor and money is it going to take to clear that backlog, if ever?

As a taxpayer, I want finite public resources used constructively, productively
and efficiently. Our death penalty accomplishes none of these things, even after
30 years of tinkering. It is, however, politically useful at an emotional level.
But is it really worth the cost?

LARRY B. HENDERSON

Daytona Beach

Pro gambling for Florida

Is the state of Florida, and therefore its citizens, in the gambling business?
With Lotto, Mega Money, Fantasy 5, Cash 4, Play 3, and various scratch games,
along with income from horse racing, dog tracks, limited poker and jai alai, I
would say yes.

Last year the Florida Legislature approved increasing the stakes in limited
poker, but our governor, Jeb Bush, vetoed it at the last hour. Now, our governor
says he might have to consider expanding gambling in Florida, even though he is
personally against it. No matter what his reasons or how painful it is to him,
expanding has to be a step in the right direction.

The states that now have casino gambling are enjoying increased revenue. The
many Florida residents who leave every day for the casinos at Biloxi, or for an
afternoon on the casino boats, leave their contributions to our local economy
there. Our Florida pari- mutuel facilities (dog tracks, horse tracks, etc.)
already have limited forms of gambling. Let's allow these facilities to expand
and let our state and local communities benefit.

BILL WEAVER

Palm Coast

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation

                              778 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 11, 1997

Tax Treatment Complicates 125% LTVs

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT; Title One/203k; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: San Diego


The interest on a 125% loan-to-value mortgage is not automatically deductible,
an accountant said at the California Association of Mortgage Brokers annual
convention here.  The rules get very complicated, and originators may be better
off giving their borrowers another disclosure and having them talk to a tax
advisor, said Jeff Spiegel of the accounting firm of Schoenholz & Spiegel.

Do not misrepresent the situation and tell the borrower that the interest
payment on a 125% LTV loan is definitely deductible, he told his audience.

Under the current Internal Revenue Service rules, debt on home acquisition may
not exceed $ 1 million for both the primary residence and a second home.

Home equity indebtedness cannot exceed $ 100,000.  A person can borrow more than
$ 100,000 but only the interest on the first $ 100,000 can be deducted.

If the fair market value of the property is under $ 100,000, the deductibility
is limited to the lower amount.  The additional interest may be tax-deductible
depending on how the money is used.  If it is used for business or investment
purposes, Mr. Spiegel said, it is deductible.

However, personal interest, such as money used to pay off credit card debt, is
not deductible.

Jack Roubinek of FirstPlus Financial, Dallas, said some are overstating the
liability aspect of these loans.  "A lot of the liability is assumed in the
mind; it is not reality.  It is because people don't understand the 125 programs
or the no-equity programs.  "They don't understand the statistics behind how we
developed the models we used to do these type of programs," he claimed.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray

                              779 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 29, 1995, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

ARTICLE MISREPRESENTS REASONS FOR JONES' GUILTY PLEA, HE SAYS

BYLINE: Tim Bryant Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 331 words


St. Louis Comptroller Virvus Jones said Thursday that a Post-Dispatch story took
out of context comments he made about why he pleaded guilty to two felony counts
of income-tax evasion.

Jones said in a letter to his lawyer, Donald L. Wolff, that the article in
Thursday's editions "grossly overstates and takes out of context statements" he
made about his motivation to plead guilty. The article quoted Jones as saying he
entered the guilty plea because of the high cost of defending himself and
because he didn't want to put his parents through the pain of a trial.

The Post-Dispatch obtained a copy of the letter, which Wolff turned over to the
U.S. attorney's office.

Foster Davis, Post-Dispatch managing editor, said: "I'm happy to say 'excuse me'
when we err. But we didn't err. Our account was full and accurate."

The comptroller, who has said he will resign Sunday, said in the letter that he
was canceling "media appearances."

Jones' statements led to speculation that his comments could alter his plea
agreement with federal prosecutors. The deal, announced Tuesday in federal
court, calls for Jones to get a prison sentence of one year and one day.
Typically, such a sentence would lead to about 10 months in custody - six months
in prison followed by four months in a halfway house. His sentencing is
scheduled for late December.

In his letter to Wolff, Jones said, "For the record, I pleaded to two counts on
tax evasion because of the reason I stated in court."

Assistant U.S. Attorney James G. Martin, who prosecuted Jones, declined Thursday
to discuss what effect Jones' letter might have. Martin said that Jones'
comments appeared to be typical of white-collar defendants who have a hard time
admitting guilt.

"I'm sure it was very difficult to admit stealing from his nephew's guardian
account, stealing from his campaign account and cheating on his tax returns in
open court and then having to face your friends and associates," Martin said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              780 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 2, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BE CAUTIOUS WHEN BUYING USED CAR "AS IS'

SECTION: DOLLARS/SENSE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 796 words

BBB ALERT BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU COLUMN


EACH YEAR, American consumers spend about $ 85 billion to buy used cars, the
Federal Trade Commission (FTC) reports.

These buyers choose a used car for various reasons: low price, slower
depreciation and greater availability.

However, they also must accept some risks:

A used car may have major mechanical or structural defects.

Replacement parts for an older car may be hard to find.

The seller may misrepresent the car's mileage, although this is forbidden by
law, or its condition.

Warranty coverage may be less available, or if the car is sold "as is,"
nonexistent.

A dealer who sells a used car "as is" has no further responsibility for the car
once the sale is complete and the car is driven off the lot. For this reason,
the Better Business Bureau urges consumers to be very cautious about buying a
used car "as is."

The BBB serving eastern Missouri and southern Illinois receives thousands of
inquiries and complaints every year about used-car dealers. Last year, this
category ranked eighth on the list of top 10 complaints received by the BBB.

Most dealers are reliable and conscientious, but some sellers of used cars
practice unscrupulous business methods. How can I tell if a dealer is reliable?

If you don't have first-hand knowledge of the dealer who has a used car you may
buy, you should ask for names and addresses of people who bought cars from the
dealer more than six months ago. A reliable dealer will give you this
information.

Then, you should get in touch with those people and ask how they were treated
after the sale and whether the cars they bought were as reliable as they were
represented to be by the dealer.

Also, you may call the BBB, 531-3300, to ask about the customer-experience
record of the dealer. You could get other pre-purchase information by listening
to a Tel-Tip message when you telephone the BBB.

Consider various sources when shopping for a used car, including both new-car
and used-car dealerships, car-rental agencies, bank and loan companies and
private owners. What if I buy a car "as is" that is a lemon?

Consumers have little recourse if they buy a car marked "as is." An FTC rule
requires used-car dealers to put window stickers on the cars telling who would
be responsible for paying for repairs after the sale.

The FTC-required "buyer's guide" that must be part of any sales contract
includes:

The terms of a warranty - its duration, systems covered and the percentage of
repair costs the dealer will pay.

A prominently displayed statement if the car is being sold "as is" that the
consumer must pay for any repairs needed after the sale.

This rule covers passenger cars, light-duty trucks and vans.

Many states have laws about implied warranties, which apply when a car does not
come with a written warranty. An implied warranty may guarantee that the car
will run or that it will live up to the seller's assurance that it is fit for a
particular purpose, such as towing a trailer.

Remember that cars sold "as is" come with no warranty, either written or
implied. How can I protect myself when buying a used car?

Be aware that it's unrealistic to expect perfection in a second-hand car.  Be
willing to compromise on minor problems that you can correct yourself.  But
don't let yourself be talked into ignoring serious defects.

When judging the quality of a used car, try to inspect it in daylight and in
good weather. Take a friend along, if possible, to help you make a thorough
appraisal.

Don't use the mileage on the odometer as your only basis for decision.  Some
sellers are adept at masking problems inside a steam-cleaned engine and under a
newly painted exterior.

You must take the car on a road test before buying. If you aren't allowed a test
drive, don't buy the car.

Before you decide to buy, take the car to a reliable repair shop or auto
diagnostic center and have a mechanic give it an inspection. Usually, you will
have to pay for this service, but the precaution may save you a lot of money in
the future.

Ask the mechanic to give you a written estimate of the costs to repair any
problems found and use that estimate as a bargaining chip with the seller if you
make an offer to buy the car.

Be sure to read carefully and understand the sale contract before you sign.
Take your time; don't be pressured into signing before you're sure the contract
is complete, with no blank spaces, and contains everything in writing that you
were promised orally.

If promises about repair or exchange are made, be sure that they are fully and
clearly written in the contract and that the contract is signed by a management
representative, not just a salesperson who may not have the authority to
authorize such promises.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              781 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 21, 1992, Tuesday

Criminal penalties OK'd for firms giving false data to get city work

BYLINE: By Alma Hill STAFF WRITERinvestigations; business; cities; aviation;
crime; international; personalities

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 2

LENGTH: 289 words


People who misrepresent the ownership of their businesses or composition of
their work forces when seeking city contracts will face criminal penalties under
legislation approved Monday by the Atlanta City Council.

The measure, introduced at the request of Mayor Maynard H. Jackson, applies to
all businesses, including contractors, subcontractors, joint- venture partners
and minority-and female-owned enterprises.

Those found to be in violation will face maximum penalties of six months in jail
and a $ 1,000 fine. The ordinance will take effect when the mayor signs it into
law, which is expected this week.

Before Monday's council action, anyone who intentionally misrepresented the
composition of a business was prohibited from bidding on city contracts for a
specific period of time.

Mayor Jackson called for the stronger measure after a city investigation
revealed that former Aviation Commissioner Ira Jackson might have secretly held
an interest in an airport concession business.

City Attorney Michael V. Coleman, who is investigating the case, has alleged
that Ira Jackson received $ 900,000 from Hartsfield Concessions Inc. between
1986 and 1990.

Hartsfield Concessions is a minority joint-venture partner in Paradies Midfield
Corp., which operates gift shops at Hartsfield International Airport. The money
allegedly came from Hartsfield Concessions' share of the profits from Paradies
Midfield.

A federal grand jury also is looking into the allegations.

Ira Jackson served on the City Council for nearly 21 years before the mayor
appointed him aviation commissioner in 1990. He resigned March 8, just before
the mayor planned to suspend him based on early findings of the city attorney's
investigation.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                              782 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 5, 1989, Thursday, City Edition

Media misrepresent Housing Authority ID program

BYLINE: Edward White Jr.

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Guest column; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1378 words



Much of what we know about the world in which we live depends upon    what is
reported by the media. If an event is not reported, we probably    would not
know about it.

     Just as importantly, our understanding of news often depends upon    how
the media report each event. Public opinion about political    candidates,
critical public policy issues and the performances of our    government are
determined largely by media reports.

     Media influence can be limited by taking media reports with "a    grain of
salt" or by independent research. However, time constraints    force us to rely
upon the media to provide us with information    otherwise inaccessible to us.

     The media role as primary source of news and molder of public    opinion
carries with it a special burden to be both fair and accurate.

 I believe the media often is neither fair nor accurate. A recent    experience
I had with the development of a new public housing program    with the serious
misreporting of the program by the St. Petersburg    Times illustrates my
concern about media accuracy.

     Early in June 1989, the Housing Authority of the city of St.    Petersburg
implemented a voluntary photo identification program for all    adult public
residents. The multiple objectives of the ID program were:        To provide a
basis to identify public housing residents at Housing    Authority events when
admission was limited to residents.

     To facilitate the distribution of surplus food commodities to      eligible
housing residents.

     To make it easier for Housing Authority employees to identify    residents
seeking assistance (for example, maintenance personnel    deployed to assist a
resident locked out of their own apartment).

     To control pedestrian access to high-rise apartment buildings such    as
Graham Park and Rogall Congregate.

     To help local police enforce anti-loitering and anti-trespassing
statutes at Jordan Park and other garden-style apartment locations    where
police efforts to control street crime, particularly drug sales,    has been
limited by police inability to distinguish legitimate    residents from unwanted
non-residents.

     The photo ID program was implemented only after public housing    residents
asked to have increased security measures put into effect.

 The photo ID program is voluntary and addresses needs other than    security.
Its security uses are supplemental to and supportive of    police activity, not
a substitute for police.

     To the extent photo IDs are used in part to improve security, it is
important to understand that photo IDs are only one component of a    broader
set of strategies. For example, at Graham-Rogall, IDs will be    used in
combination with 24-hour private guard service and a telephone    intercom
system.

     At Jordan Park and similar locations, photo IDs are only intended    to
facilitate and supplement routine police patrol activity. At Jordan    Park, the
use of photo IDs is being supplemented by increased resident    crime watch
activity, defensible space changes to the site's layout    that alter the way in
which pedestrian and vehicle traffic flow and    better define private spaces
from public spaces, installation of    high-intensity exterior lighting,
stronger housing management    initiatives including both more intensive
screening of prospective    residents and more aggressive eviction of problem
residents, stepped-up    police patrols and implementation of human services
initiatives.  4     None of these strategies alone can do the job. It will take
years    of work for all of them together to produce meaningful results. We have

    made a start and will keep at it as long as resident security is an
issue.

     The Times, in a June 20 cartoon and again in a June 23 editorial,
mislead readers by making it appear the ID program was designed solely    for
use at Jordan Park and by leading readers to believe that the    intended use of
IDs at Jordan Park was equivalent to the use of    "papers" in a totalitarian
state.

     The broader and quite reasonable objectives of the photo ID program    are
set forth above. I only hope that the editorial writers of the    Times will
study these objectives and try to understand the relevance    of the photo ID
program in the context of the real world. Public    housing residents and other
inner city residents who must live outside    the ivory tower from which the
Times apparently views events are    understandably fed up with crime that has
victimized them and don't    object to a limited and clearly constitutional use
of photo IDs to help    reduce crime.

     None of the three news stories that appeared in the Times    pertaining to
photo IDs portrayed the program in its correct context as    part of a
multifaceted strategy. An article by Stephen Koff that    appeared June 22 made
a smart-alecky reference to the photo ID program    as ... "not the only
crime-fighting trick up Ed White's sleeve." In a    classically sophomoric
style, Mr. Koff went on to misinform Times    readers that the crime rate had
risen dramatically at a Chicago Housing    Authority (CHA) public housing
development that had instituted a photo    ID program after which Mr. Koff
erroneously believed that St.    Petersburg had modeled its ID program.

     In fact, the Chicago Tribune story referred to by Mr. Koff reports    that
crime had risen 28 percent overall at CHA owned developments in    the first
quarter of 1989, but had "declined slightly at Rockwell    Gardens after CHA
secured two crime-plagued high-rises" (emphasis    added). Mr. Koff's misuse of
the data contained in a June 14, 1989,    Chicago Tribune story either is
extremely poor journalism or willful    misrepresentation.

     Apparently not satisfied that its news reporters already had caused
enough factual distortion about photo IDs, the Times editorial    department
engaged in its own form of disinformation. A June 23    editorial erroneously
claimed that, "The Housing Authority won't go to    the police and the police
are hesitant to increase the number of    officers in the area (Jordan Park)."

     How the Times reached the conclusion that the Housing Authority    "won't
go to the police" is beyond me. Certainly, none of its writers    called to
inquire about contacts between the Housing Authority and city    police. The
Times itself has periodically reported authority efforts to    get more police
coverage. A quick perusal of a Housing Authority news    clippings file
uncovered six Times news stories on authority efforts to    persuade the city to
increase police coverage.

     Is it unreasonable to expect pontifical editorial pronouncements by    the
Times to at least be consistent with its news coverage?

     Maybe the inept reporting of the photo ID issue simply reflects the    sad
fact that the Times was too anxious to rush into print with instant    news
analysis and comment without carefully and fully researching a    subject area
with which it had too little familiarity.

     How else, except through undue haste to get into print a    controversial
story (apparently the modern day media definition of    news), could the Times
have committed the most infuriating error of all    by claiming I attended Yale
University.

     I attended Princeton University. I taught as an adjunct professor    at
Yale. No self-respecting Princeton man wants to be called a    "Yalie." To
confuse a matter as important as this borders on reckless    disregard of the
truth.

      The Times' reporting of the photo ID issue has fallen short of any
reasonable standard of accuracy. It makes me wonder how much confidence
one should have in the accuracy of media reports on any subject.

 Edward White Jr. is executive director of the St. Petersburg Housing
Authority.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company

                              783 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday

Find consensus on child-abuse reform

BYLINE: Letter to the Editor

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 500 words


Friday March 16, 2012

For the last half-century or so, devout religious believers have found a way to
work with others for political justice. It's called the overlapping consensus.
In it, exclusive claims to truth are laid aside, and reason comes to the fore.
Reasonable public decision-making is profoundly important, because it achieves
what no religion could: unity of purpose among citizens. This unity is
imperative if H.469, the child-abuse reform bill, is to succeed in
Massachusetts.

Some presidential candidates have made great show of abandoning the overlapping
consensus. They claim that it substitutes the values of truth and faith for
expediency. There are three problems with this criticism. First, it elevates
real but not insurmountable differences into deal-breakers; second, it places
reason and truth at odds; and third, it misrepresents how the overlapping
consensus works.

An overlapping consensus is not just a temporary accommodation, or an average.
It is far more rigorous. It challenges each person to find reasons within their
value system to support a just public policy. When a consensus is supported for
value-based reasons, it is unlikely to collapse when the balance of power
shifts. Nor does the overlapping consensus require the abandonment of truth.

An adherent might still consider their religion to be the one true religion and
nevertheless support a public policy which is reasonable and effective. Critics
of the overlapping consensus sometime seem most upset that it accepts the
religious pluralism of the United States. But, that realism does not make an
overlapping consensus immoral or expedient. Indeed, the very act of coming
together (or trying to) is itself moral.

In this climate, the perennial legislative struggle in the commonwealth over
H.469 (The Protection From Sexual Preda tors Act), offers an opportunity to
participate in the overlapping consensus.

Surely all citizens can recognize that kid's rights, if they are placed in
opposition to those of sexual predators, must prevail. And yet, our antiquated
Statutes of Limitations (SOL) put that proposition in doubt.

I urge all citizens, and representatives, to read about the legislation, and
think it over. Ask yourself: Why has the Markey bill in New York state, which
would abolish SOLs for sex crimes, been reintroduced? Why are similar efforts
underway in Pennsylvania? Why did Florida and Maine recently do away with SOL
barriers? Why have over 31 states made SOL statutes for child abuse a thing of
the past? Did you know that there are only three states with so-called
"charitable immunity" laws still in place?

Could this be the year that H. 469 goes over the top? The Massachusetts
Catholics Con fer ence, representing the bishops in the state, expressed op
position to the House version of the bill in the fall of last year. This raises
a question (and an opportunity): since the bill supports just public policies in
line with Catholic values, why do they not get behind it?

ROBERT M. KELLY

Lee

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              784 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 5, 2005 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Melbourne legal firm to press ahead with Vioxx class action

BYLINE: SASHA SHTARGOT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 277 words


A MELBOURNE legal firm is pressing on with a class action on behalf of people
affected by the arthritis drug Vioxx, even though a US court has ruled in favour
of the manufacturer.

Slater and Gordon is expected to take the class action, involving more than 300
former Vioxx users, to court in coming weeks.

In New Jersey on Thursday a jury found that Merck and Co had provided adequate
warnings about the increased risk of heart attack and stroke from taking Vioxx,
and did not misrepresent, conceal or suppress information.

The case had been initiated by a postal worker, 60, who claimed Vioxx had caused
a heart attack. But a Texas jury in August found Merck liable for the death of a
man, 59, and awarded his widow $253 million damages.

Richard Meeran, special counsel for Slater and Gordon, said the latest American
decision was irrelevant to the Australian class action.

"We've conducted our own research in a lot of detail over many months, and we're
very clear that the company was negligent," he said. Mr Meeran said the New
Jersey case appeared to be weak because the plaintiff had used Vioxx
intermittently for only two months.

Most of the claimants in the Australian action suffered strokes and heart
attacks while taking the drug consistently for at least 18 months, he said. "We
have a strong case, and we're confident of the prospect of success and we will
be proceeding here in Australia."

Mr Meeran said Merck had conducted a study in March 2000 showing that taking
Vioxx increased the risk of heart attacks five-fold, compared with another
anti-arthritic drug.

But Merck did not issue warnings to doctors and patients until more than two
years later, he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              785 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 3, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Aid for Owls, Trees and Loggers

SECTION: Section 1; Page 18; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 413 words


President Clinton's plan to manage and protect 800-year-old forests and spotted
owls in the Northwest won't end the tension between loggers and
environmentalists, but he has taken a giant step in the right direction. He
shields not just a bird, but a rich, irreplaceable ecosystem of timber, water,
fish and fowl, while still permitting sustainable logging.

The President offers a reasonable compromise. He would allow logging that
environmental absolutists prefer to ban outright, but would set tight limits
that timber interests misrepresent as ruinous.

The issue was joined two years ago when a Federal judge in Seattle ruled that
rapid cutting on lands controlled by the Forest Service violated the nation's
environmental laws. He ordered cutting halted until the Government devised
protections; the Clinton plan is subject to his approval.

The most striking feature of the President's proposal is its sharply reduced
ceiling on logging in the affected forests. It allows less than one-third as
much cutting over all as in the 1980's, with tight control in designated areas
of old growth. Loggers will protest the rollback, with the outspoken support of
House Speaker Tom Foley, who hails from the state of Washington. But cutting
could not have continued at the earlier pace; sooner or later there would have
been nothing left to cut.

While the industry and its workers blame Government curbs for their troubles,
there are at least three other factors -- automation, Southeastern timber
development and subsidized exports of logs for finishing in foreign mills. (Mr.
Clinton sensibly wants to end those subsidies.)

To compensate for the inevitable loss of work under new logging limits, the
President offers retraining and new jobs in forest preservation, plus economic
aid for affected communities.

With impressive foresight, the Clinton plan also seeks to head off future
trouble by concentrating on watershed areas; preservation of streams and rivers
as well as the surrounding forest should prevent new crises over fish and
wildlife and, not incidentally, keep water supplies clean. In addition, 10 areas
are to be designated for joint experimentation by local interests and the
Government, looking for better methods of logging and preservation.

Closer inspection and judicial review of Mr. Clinton's plan will doubtless raise
challenges to its particulars. For now, credit the Administration for serious
effort to resolve a troublesome conflict.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                              786 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          February 24, 2005, Thursday

KOSOVAN NAMED AS CITY'S MODEL CITIZEN FACES DEPORTATION

BYLINE: IAN HERBERT NORTH OF ENGLAND CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 698 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Perparim Demaj was a nursing assistant and Aids social worker Mercury Press


THE LABOUR leader of Manchester council attacked the Government's asylum system
yesterday for placing a Kosovan described as one of the city's model citizens
under threat of imminent deportation.

Councillor Richard Leese said Perparim Demaj, who is a social worker assisting
HIV and Aids patients, as "the kind of citizen we would like all our citizens to
be". Mr Demaj's requests for asylum have been exhausted, his pursuit of a work
permit has been turned down and he could be removed from the country at any
time.

The council says it is struggling to attract social workers like Mr Demaj, who
earns £13,000-a-year - a fact illustrated when it was forced to recruit 12 staff
from Canada last year to plug gaps in its child protection team. But the Home
Office has rejected the council's request for a work permit for Mr Demaj, 31,
because he has also made asylum bids and is deemed to be underqualified.

Mr Leese, who was joined by an Aids sufferer at an event that extolled Mr
Demaj's virtues, said Mr Demaj's practical value to the council was being
overlooked because the Home Office was failing to distinguish between his
pursuit of asylum and his request for a work permit.

"Clearly immigration and asylum are high on the political agenda at the moment
... but the way asylum seekers and immigrants are portrayed almost entirely
misrepresents their qualities," Mr Leese said. "Here, with Perparim, we have a
more accurate picture of what asylum seekers are."

Mr Demaj left school at the age of 14 to work on the family farm in the village
of Prekas, within the Drenica region, a stronghold for the Kosovan Liberation
Army. He fled, in fear of genocide, in July 1998, two days before Serbian forces
invaded.

His seven-year stay in Manchester has been a remarkable one. His English
language teacher, Anne Fiander, testified yesterday that he arrived in the city,
in July 1998, with "next to no grasp of the language". But he learnt fast, was
granted temporary asylum and within 18 months was undertaking voluntary social
work. He then started paid work as a translator, mental health nursing assistant
and community support worker for people with HIV/Aids. He studied social care to
NVQ level 2 and secured an NVQ level 3 in nursing.

But in July 2004, his solicitor informed him that the Home Office had decided he
no longer had the right to work in the UK and that he may face deportation.
Manchester City Council has been forced to dismiss him or face legal action from
the Home Office. But it has left his post open pending its own appeal against
the work permit decision. It is also unclear what would happen to Mr Demaj's
wife and two sons, aged eight and 10, if he were deported.

One of the patients he has helped, Steve Barksby, has had HIV for 20 years and
Aids for a decade. "It seemed he wasn't just doing the job to earn money," said
Mr Barksby, 53. "He was a social compatriot. The nature of my illness has left
me socially isolated, but when his work was complete we would make time to sit
down and talk. I also commend him for his professionalism and thoroughness. If
he thought I was not eating properly or that my health was deteriorating he
would go back to his manager and say so.

"There's a national shortage of people to do jobs like this. People don't want
to do it when the money they're getting - £7 an hour - is such a pittance.
You'll find that he's paid back £19,000 in tax over the past five years to this
country. To send someone so valuable out of the country when they are needed
here just doesn't make sense."

The Home Office said that asylum-seekers were not in the "category" of
individuals allowed to "switch" to a request for a work permit. "If you were
making a fresh application from Kosovo then that could be considered on fresh
grounds," a spokeswoman said.

But Emma Ginn of the National Coalition of Anti-Deportation group, which has
taken up the case, said: "The frustrating part of this case is that this
individual would find it easier to get a work permit if he were out of the
country. But he fears for his life if he returns to Kosovo."

Leading article, page 36

Letters, page 38

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd

                              787 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 11, 2008 Tuesday

U. psychologist says sex research distorted

BYLINE: By Brian Maffly The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; Local

LENGTH: 745 words


Posted: 7:57 PM- A national group that advocates "treatment" of homosexuality is
being criticized for allegedly distorting a Utah researcher's work to advance
the theory that people choose their sexual orientation - a controversial notion
rejected by mainstream psychology.

Lisa Diamond, a University of Utah psychologist whose sexual identity studies
suggest a degree of "fluidity" in the sexual preferences of women, said in an
interview Tuesday that the National Association for Research & Therapy of
Homosexuality, or NARTH, misrepresents her findings. Position papers, some
penned by NARTH president A. Dean Byrd, an adjunct professor in the U.'s
Department of Family and Preventive Medicine, point to Diamond's research as
evidence that gays' sexual orientation can be straightened out through treatment
- much to Diamond's dismay.

"If NARTH had read the study more carefully they would find that it is not
supported by my data at all. I bent over backward to make it difficult for my
work to be misused, and to no avail. When people are motivated to twist
something for political purposes, they'll find a way to do it," Diamond says in
a videotaped interview posted on the Internet.

Diamond made those remarks two weeks ago as Californians were debating
Proposition 8, the divisive ballot measure that mandates marriage as solely
between a man and a woman.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints encouraged members to give time
and money to the successful campaign, triggering a cascade of criticism and
protests.

Diamond's comments specifically targeted Encino, Calif., psychologist Joeseph
Nicolosi, co-founder of NARTH and the author of "Healing Homosexuality," and "A
Parent's Guide to Preventing Homosexuality."

"You know exactly what you're doing," says Diamond, an associate professor of
psychology and gender studies, in the videotape. "There's no chance this is a
misunderstanding or simply a different scientific interpretation. ... It's
illegitimate and it's irresponsible and you should stop doing it."

Nicolosi did not respond to an interview request and Byrd claimed he did not
know why Diamond, a fellow U. faculty member, took umbrage with NARTH's citation
of her work.

"NARTH's view is that people can adapt any way they want and there is freedom of
choice," Byrd says. "If it says 'fluidity' it says 'fluidity.' How you interpret
it is something else."

Diamond, who has never met Byrd, said in an interview that NARTH "cherry picks"
findings or references from her work that appear to support their position. Her
denunciations of NARTH was instigated by Truth Wins Out, a New York City-based
watchdog that patrols social conservative groups' use of social science in
support of hot-button agendas.

"They use these fake statistics and distort science to support bigotry and
discrimination. It's important to take these tools away from them," founder
Wayne Besen says.

NARTH is based in Nicolosi's California office, but maintains an office in the
same downtown Salt Lake City building as Evergreen International, a Mormon
faith-based group that encourages gays to abandon same-sex attraction. While the
two groups do not advertise their association, NARTH's sole paid staffer last
year was Evergreen's executive director David Pruden, according to tax
documents.

NARTH is no stranger to controversy. One past president, the late psychiatrist
Charles Socarides, campaigned for years against the American Psychiatric
Association's 1973 decision to discontinue listing homosexuality as a mental
illness. The American Psychological Association likewise maintains a stance of
deep skepticism toward reparative therapies that seek to convert patients to
heterosexuality.

"To date, there has been no scientifically adequate research to show that
therapy aimed at changing sexual orientation is safe or effective," the APA says
on its Web site. "Furthermore, it seems likely that the promotion of change
therapies reinforces stereotypes and contributes to a negative climate for
lesbian, gay, and bisexual persons." Diamond goes even further.

"The therapists are saying, 'We can change your orientation,' when all of the
data, all of the data suggest that is not the case. They say same-sex
attractions can disappear - they don't," she says. Reparative therapies "do
additional damage" with techniques that incorporate electroshock and
nausea-inducing treatments "that leave people feeling greater shame, greater
guilt, worse about themselves."

bmaffly@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              788 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 15, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

CRITIC'S NOTEBOOK;
USING SUBTITLES WITH LIVE OPERA

BYLINE: By HAROLD C. SCHONBERG

SECTION: Section C; Page 22, Column 3; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 1106 words


THEY'VE been doing it in films for many years, and more recently in televised
opera. Subtitles in English are thus nothing new. But now the New York City
Opera is bringing the concept of subtitles to actual performances at the State
Theater.

When the curtain rises on the new production of Massenet's ''Cendrillon''
(''Cinderella'') next Wednesday to open the delayed season, a moving band of
type on top of the proscenium will deliver a simultaneous translation in
English. Presumably everything will be synchronized with the stage action. This
is an operatic first in the United States. It has previously been done at the
Canadian Opera, where Beverly Sills encountered it and was entranced. She
decided immediately to try the technique on City Opera audiences, and here it
is.

Purists may say that this technique will provide still one more reason for
keeping one's eyes off the stage. But this opera buff will be observing it with
fascination. It may well be the answer to the vexed problem of opera in English
- or, to put it more precisely, opera translated into English.

There are two schools of thought on the subject of opera translated into
English. One is that it is a crime against God and nature; that it misrepresents
the actual music because of the substitution of alien vowels and consonants,
thus altering the melodic lines that the composer so carefully set. Opponents of
opera in English recognize that the great opera composers of the past rushed to
have their works translated into the language of the country in which the opera
was being staged. Naturally, they say. It was the custom those days, and an
opera composer had to ride along. He wanted a popular success and his fees. But
translation still changes the opera.

And, say the opponents, who are you kidding, anyway? How much of translated
opera can normally be understood? Opera singers, unlike their miked Broadway
brethren, have seldom been notable for clear enunciation. Words come out as
though through a mouthful of mashed potatoes. And that also goes for Italian
singers in Italian opera, Germans in German opera and so forth. We'd rather not
understand it in the original language than in translation, they say. At least
the original approximates the sounds that the composer had in his ear.

Early in his years at the Metropolitan Opera, Rudolf Bing experimented with
translated opera and eventually gave most of it up in disgust. Perhaps he made
his decision after a rehearsal of Puccini's ''Gianni Schicchi.'' It happened to
be his birthday, and he was slumped in a seat listening to the singers mangle
the words. The curtain went down, immediately went up, and a couple of million
dollars worth of voices advanced to the footlights and sang ''Happy Birthday to
You.'' Mr. Bing stood up. ''Thank you, ladies and gentlemen,'' he said. ''Those
were the first words I understood all afternoon.'' There is still another
argument against translated opera, this one on literary grounds. Very few
librettos (so runs the argument) are much more than black-and-white comic strips
or melodramas, with simple words endlessly repeated according to the conventions
of the time. ''Yes, I love you. I love you. Yes, yes, I love you. Yes, he loves
me. Yes, yes, he loves me.'' Who wants to hear that? Most opera-goers know the
plots anyway, in this age of recordings. And if they don't, let them buy a
libretto. In any case, the only real reason for going to the opera is to hear
the music and the singing, not to see a play.

Nonsense, retort the proponents of translated opera. The libretto and the words
are integral to the very concept of opera as we understand it. Lose their
meaning, and opera itself loses its meaning. Audiences anywhere in the world
want to understand what is coming out of the mouths of singers. Thus the
necessity for translation. If, as so often happens, the words still cannot be
understood, perhaps the translation is at fault. So have singable translations
made. And if the singers still have trouble, teach them how to shape and project
words. It can be done. We concede (say the proponents) that something may be
lost because of the change in the music of the language itself. But more, much
more, is gained.

Miss Sills herself is not enamored of translated opera but has felt that it
often is necessary to get people into her theater. When she came across the
Canadian Opera's solution, she got excited. ''It's not a word-by-word
translation,'' she says. ''But it tells exactly what is going on, it is not
distracting, it does not interfere with the listener's attention.'' If it works,
she says, all City Opera productions will eventually have subtitles.  And so the
vexed problem of translated opera may now be solved. This opera buff, who has
always taken a dim view of translated opera, will be on hand, cheering, praying
that it works the way Miss Sills promises. If it does, it will play hob with the
libretto industry and undercut the monopoly that one or two translators have
enjoyed. But that's a small price to pay.


It's always easy to criticize the New York Philharmonic programs. All music
lovers have certain favorites that never seem to be played much any more, and we
wonder why they have disappeared. We wonder why the same Dvorak symphonies are
incessantly repeated (the D minor has had an extraordinary run the last decade,
and it will be played once again by the Philharmonic this season) and why the
wonderful No. 3 in E flat lies neglected.

The Tchaikovsky symphonies are always with us, but why doesn't a conductor take
a look at the first three Suites (but, please, not the boring No. 4)? Or, as a
relief from Tchaikovsky, why not the Borodin B minor?

And with all this talk about Romanticism, why not try one or two old- fashioned,
but good, Romantic concertos that audiences would love? Say the Joachim
''Hungarian'' Violin Concerto (Aaron Rosand can whip through that one). Say the
Moszkowski Piano Concerto in E, which David Bar Illan has recorded so
brilliantly. Say the Scharwenka Piano Concerto in B flat minor, with which Earl
Wild amazed audiences some years ago when he played it with the Boston Symphony.

These works may be period pieces, but so is most Baroque music, or paintings of
the Hudson River School, or the novels of George Meredith; and those are still
taken seriously. Is it heresy to suggest that one can get a better idea of the
Brahms D minor Piano Concerto and its place in music after hearing the
attractive frivolities of the Moszkowski E major? For these two works represent
opposite sides of their age, and in a crazy kind of way one complements the
other.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              789 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 23, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CBS NEWS LOSES APPEAL BID

BYLINE: By JONATHAN FRIENDLY

SECTION: Section 1; Page 15, Column 3; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 435 words


CBS News will give General William C. Westmoreland a copy of the investigation
it made into a CBS television documentary that he says libeled him, a lawyer for
the network said yesterday.

The lawyer, David Boies of the firm of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, told Federal
Judge Pierre N. Leval that the document would be turned over early next week. On
Thursday, Judge Leval ordered CBS to surrender the study, but the network said
it would seek to appeal that decision.

Yesterday, the network came back to Judge Leval's Manhattan courtroom to seek
his permission for the appeal, but he rejected the request, and Mr. Boies said
the network would not pursue other legal options to try to avoid releasing the
study.

General Westmoreland, the commander of the American forces in Vietnam from 1964
to 1968, is suing CBS for $120 million, contending that the documentary, ''The
Uncounted Enemy: A Vietnam Deception,'' falsely accused him of having conspired
to misrepresent the number of enemy troops.

A CBS Executive Investigated

Several months after the January 1982 broadcast, a TV Guide article said the
producers of the show had ignored or excised rebuttal remarks from officers who
challenged the conspiracy thesis. CBS asked a senior executive producer, Burton
Benjamin, to investigate the matter.

Van Gordon Sauter, the president of CBS News, then issued a memorandum that -
citing Mr. Benjamin's report - defended the conclusion of the documentary while
agreeing that some journalistic standards had been violated in preparing the
program. General Westmoreland sued, saying he was libeled both by the program
and by Mr. Sauter's memorandum, and in pretrial proceedings he asked for a copy
of Mr. Benjamin's report.

On Thursday, Judge Leval rejected CBS's arguments that the report was an
internal document, protected by First Amendment free-press guarantees. He said
that by citing Mr. Benjamin's report in Mr.  Sauter's memorandum, CBS had
stopped treating it as a confidential internal matter.

He reiterated that view yesterday in denying the CBS request to have an appeals
court rule on the issue of whether there is a constitutional protection for the
self-examinations news organizations often conduct when their news reports are
challenged.

Separately yesterday, the National News Council, an independent group that
investigates complaints about news reports, warned that the ruling would
jeopardize what it said had been a beneficial trend on the part of news
organizations to critique their own work. The ruling will have ''a chilling
effect'' on such self-examinations, the council said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              790 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             August 1, 2006 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Whose fault was the Qana tragedy?

BYLINE: Surdas Mohit, National Post

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 121  words


This editorial blatantly misrepresents Human Rights Watch's reading of
humanitarian law on the issue of using civilian areas for military purposes. The
quotation in the article is accurate, but the editorial must have missed the
next paragraph, which states that "...a violation by Hezbollah in this regard
does not justify Israeli forces ignoring the civilian consequences of a planned
attack." This is fairly obvious.

Similarly, an article posted on July 30 on their site is entitled "Israel
responsible for Qana attack." This is not the first time that the National Post
has taken the view that war crimes by one side whitewash the crimes of the
other; this is not supported by international law.

Surdas Mohit, St. Louis, MO.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              791 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

Odd posturing misrepresents serious issue

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 410 words

ABSTRACT

Opinion page planning package

FULL TEXT

In what appeared to be the latest attack of fake news on the internet, a slew of
websites last week circulated the bizarre narrative that California had
legalized the prostitution of minors.

We can thank an Assembly member from Orange County for that. Travis Allen, a
Republican from Huntington Beach, made that allegation in an opinion piece for
the Washington Examiner that was headlined "California Democrats legalize child
prostitution." Keep in mind, the column he wrote was on the opinion page, not
the news page.

Allen's claim is false, of course, and is predicated on a misrepresentation of
Senate Bill 1322, approved by the Legislature and signed into law by Gov. Jerry
Brown last year.

The law, authored by Sen. Holly Mitchell, D-Los Angeles, does not legalize
prostitution by minors. What it does is regard minors involved in prostitution
as victims, removes criminal penalties against them and authorizes law
enforcement to report victims of commercial sexual exploitation to child welfare
agencies.

It also allows commercially, sexually exploited children to be taken into
temporary custody under certain circumstances - if, for example, the minor needs
medical care or is in immediate danger.

The law makes no changes to the age of consent, which remains 18. It is just as
much a crime as ever to solicit minors or engage in pimping or sex trafficking.
To consider what the law does as "legalization" is to not only misuse the word
but to wrongly politicize an issue that requires solutions, not hyperbolic
misrepresentations.

California is not the first to take this approach. Most states have some form of
"safe harbor" laws that place restrictions on the prosecution of minors engaged
in prostitution, or remove criminal penalties in the manner California now does.

"Being criminalized as opposed to being treated like a victim of rape through
arrest, detainment and criminal charges is not how California treats victims of
abuse," argued Mitchell in a statement defending SB1322.

While there are legitimate debates to be had over the role of law enforcement
and the criminal justice system in this matter, Allen simply muddied the waters
and drummed up unnecessary hysteria.

Close attention must be paid to how the law is implemented and what the
real-world impact is, and make adjustments accordingly. Allen should move beyond
sensationalism and work toward improving how California deals with this issue.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              792 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2015 Saturday

New Mexico: 'Playing with Fire' Burns the Truth

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Santa Fe: The News Blog of the National Association of Home Builders has issued
the following news release:



 firesprinklerNAHB will be responding aggressively to set the facts straight
regarding the story &ldquo;Playing with Fire&rdquo; that appeared in the
November 2015 issue of Builder Magazine and Builder Online.





 The story misrepresents our industry stance on the fire safety issue and
Builder outright lied when it said it reached out to NAHB and that we declined
to comment for the article.



 Moreover, at the same time that Builder is calling new homes less safe than
those built a generation ago, advocating for more stringent fire codes and
distorting the facts surrounding sprinkler mandates, it acknowledges that fire
deaths fell 26% from 2002 to 2011. The article further skews the facts to fit a
false narrative by making no attempt to break down the numbers between
single-family and multifamily structures.



 NAHB is now in contact with Builder and demanding that it runs a correction. We
will be sending their editors a detailed, blistering response that shines a
spotlight on the article's falsehoods and distortions regarding the
effectiveness - cost and otherwise - of fire sprinklers. We will also make it
crystal clear where our industry stands on the issue fire sprinklers and fire
safety.



 Here are just a few reasons why code officials and elected leaders have
overwhelmingly rejected fire sprinkler mandates:



     Sprinklers aren't cost effective. The Fire Protection Research Foundation
puts the average cost of a residential sprinkler system at $6,000. That's not
affordable to many families. In fact, just a $1,000 increase in home prices
keeps more than 200,000 households out of the market.

     Smoke alarms work. Sprinkler proponents say they have the numbers to prove
their products work better - but those numbers are based largely on multifamily
projects. Ensuring that every home had at least one working smoke alarm would
save about 890 lives every year in our country. This would benefit everyone -
not just those who can afford a new home.

     Fires are more likely in older homes. Home fires are tragic. But building
codes apply only to new homes. And in states where we can match the age of
affected homes with standard national fire data, fatalities are heavily
concentrated in older homes. To reduce fatalities, we need to make older homes
safer: Working smoke alarms make a life-saving difference.

     Newer homes are built to safer standards. According to the National Fire
Protection Association's U.S. Homes Fires Fact Sheet, the leading cause of
unintentional home fires are cooking equipment, heating equipment and electrical
distribution and lighting equipment. Newer homes are built to a system of
building codes explicitly designed to make homes safer, and reduce the need for
makeshift lighting and heating solutions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              793 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Appeals race gets heated

BYLINE: Ralph B. Davis, The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 820 words


Oct. 31--LEXINGTON -- A state Court of Appeals race that had been largely quiet
throughout the campaign has begun showing signs of heat in its final days, amid
accusations that one candidate had engaged in misleading advertising. Meanwhile,
that candidate's campaign is alleging that the group making the criticism is
playing favorites.

The Kentucky Judicial Campaign Conduct Committee sent a letter to Pikeville
attorney and Appeals Court candidate Kent Varney on Tuesday, calling on him to
stop making claims that his opponent, Appeals Court Judge Janet Stumbo, "sided
with criminals 59 percent of the time."

"The KJCCC finds that this assertion misrepresents the role of a judge or
justice, which is to base decisions on the law and not take sides," KJCCC
secretary Al Cross wrote in the letter to Varney. "Also, no context for the
assertion is provided, so we find that the ad is misleading."

Prestonsburg attorney Ned Pillersdorf, Stumbo's husband and campaign manager,
went further, calling the ad "bottom-feeder politics."

"I think this is the most despicable political ad Janet has had to put up with,
and she's run six races," Pillersdorf said.

The KJCCC letter further requests that Varney remove the ad and not make similar
claims in the future.

But Varney, contacted Thursday morning, said he stands by the ad and has no
intention of pulling it.

"The statistics are what they are," the candidate said.

Varney also called into question the legitimacy of the complaint, noting that
the KJCCC is not affiliated with the Kentucky Bar Association or state
government and has no authority over attorneys or elections.

"I've never received a formal complaint from the Kentucky Bar Association,"
Varney said. "That group has no affiliation with them."

Varney's campaign manager, Ray Stewart, went a step further, questioning the
independence of the KJCCC, which he called a "committee of idiots," dominated by
"liberals."

"This organization is a fake organization," Stewart said. "They're attempting to
mislead the public with their name and their complaint."

Stewart defended the claim made in the ad, saying the campaign had analyzed
Stumbo's voting record in published cases between 1994 and 2004 and found that
she voted in favor of the appellant's request 59 percent of the time. He added
those included votes both when she was in the majority and in the minority.

Stewart also made a claim that KJCCC, during its history, has existed primarily
to lodge complaints against Stumbo's opponents, noting the group had made
similar charges against former opponents David Allen Barber and Will T. Scott.
He later backtracked and said he did remember the group once lodging a complaint
in a Western Kentucky race.

"I do a lot of judicial races around the state, and I have never run into this
organization outside of Janet Stumbo," Stewart said.

Pillersdorf was aghast at Stewart's claims, saying the group is composed of some
of the most highly-respected attorneys and journalists around the state.

"These are some of the most prestigious people in the state, and they are
deserving of our respect," Pillersdorf said.

Pillersdorf added that any suggestion KJCCC is biased in favor of his wife is
ludicrous, saying the group once made Stumbo the target of one of its
complaints.

Cross concedes, and even the letter to Varney maintains, that KJCCC has no
official sanction over judicial elections.

"Our committee is an independent, non-government, non-partisan group of
interested citizens from all over Kentucky," the letter reads. "We are committed
to assist in the judicial election process to ensure that Kentucky has a free
and independent judiciary."

For his part, Cross says KJCCC exists to offer guidance in a timely manner, when
other avenues cannot.

"This committee was formed in 2005, because people were concerned about
inappropriate campaigning by judicial candidates and the inability of official
organizations to deal with that before the election was over," Cross said.

Cross also scoffed at Stewart's claim that KJCCC exists to criticize Stumbo's
opponents, saying he has a "drawer full of complaints." He said the committee
has a bipartisan membership and deliberations are conducted in a nonpartisan
manner, because judicial elections are nonpartisan. Any suggestion otherwise, he
said, is "off-base."

"I think we have a good track record," Cross said.

KJCCC's website notes that, between 2005 and 2013, the group "has considered
approximately 20 complaints involving races at every level of the state
judiciary and has issued public statements when it has concluded that
campaigning by a candidate deserves public criticism."

Ralph B. Davis is managing editor of The Floyd County Times. Contact him by
phone at (606) 263-2908 or via Twitter at @rbdavis3.

___ (c)2014 The Floyd County Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) Visit The Floyd County
Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) at www.floydcountytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141031-QO-Appeals-race-gets-heated-1031-20141031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QO


            Copyright 2014 The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

                              794 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Appeals race gets heated

BYLINE: Ralph B. Davis, The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 820 words


Oct. 30--LEXINGTON -- A state Court of Appeals race that had been largely quiet
throughout the campaign has begun showing signs of heat in its final days, amid
accusations that one candidate had engaged in misleading advertising. Meanwhile,
that candidate's campaign is alleging that the group making the criticism is
playing favorites.

The Kentucky Judicial Campaign Conduct Committee sent a letter to Pikeville
attorney and Appeals Court candidate Kent Varney on Tuesday, calling on him to
stop making claims that his opponent, Appeals Court Judge Janet Stumbo, "sided
with criminals 59 percent of the time."

"The KJCCC finds that this assertion misrepresents the role of a judge or
justice, which is to base decisions on the law and not take sides," KJCCC
treasurer Al Cross wrote in the letter to Varney. "Also, no context for the
assertion is provided, so we find that the ad is misleading."

Prestonsburg attorney Ned Pillersdorf, Stumbo's husband and campaign manager,
went further, calling the ad "bottom-feeder politics."

"I think this is the most despicable political ad Janet has had to put up with,
and she's run six races," Pillersdorf said.

The KJCCC letter further requests that Varney remove the ad and not make similar
claims in the future.

But Varney, contacted Thursday morning, said he stands by the ad and has no
intention of pulling it.

"The statistics are what they are," the candidate said.

Varney also called into question the legitimacy of the complaint, noting that
the KJCCC is not affiliated with the Kentucky Bar Association or state
government and has no authority over attorneys or elections.

"I've never received a formal complaint from the Kentucky Bar Association,"
Varney said. "That group has no affiliation with them."

Varney's campaign manager, Ray Stewart, went a step further, questioning the
independence of the KJCCC, which he called a "committee of idiots," dominated by
"liberals."

"This organization is a fake organization," Stewart said. "They're attempting to
mislead the public with their name and their complaint."

Stewart defended the claim made in the ad, saying the campaign had analyzed
Stumbo's voting record in published cases between 1994 and 2004 and found that
she voted in favor of the appellant's request 59 percent of the time. He added
those included votes both when she was in the majority and in the minority.

Stewart also made a claim that KJCCC, during its history, has existed primarily
to lodge complaints against Stumbo's opponents, noting the group had made
similar charges against former opponents David Allen Barber and Will T. Scott.
He later backtracked and said he did remember the group once lodging a complaint
in a Western Kentucky race.

"I do a lot of judicial races around the state, and I have never run into this
organization outside of Janet Stumbo," Stewart said.

Pillersdorf was aghast at Stewart's claims, saying the group is composed of some
of the most highly-respected attorneys and journalists around the state.

"These are some of the most prestigious people in the state, and they are
deserving of our respect," Pillersdorf said.

Pillersdorf added that any suggestion KJCCC is biased in favor of his wife is
ludicrous, saying the group once made Stumbo the target of one of its
complaints.

Cross concedes, and even the letter to Varney maintains, that KJCCC has no
official sanction over judicial elections.

"Our committee is an independent, non-government, non-partisan group of
interested citizens from all over Kentucky," the letter reads. "We are committed
to assist in the judicial election process to ensure that Kentucky has a free
and independent judiciary."

For his part, Cross says KJCCC exists to offer guidance in a timely manner, when
other avenues cannot.

"This committee was formed in 2005, because people were concerned about
inappropriate campaigning by judicial candidates and the inability of official
organizations to deal with that before the election was over," Cross said.

Cross also scoffed at Stewart's claim that KJCCC exists to criticize Stumbo's
opponents, saying he has a "drawer full of complaints." He said the committee
has a bipartisan membership and deliberations are conducted in a nonpartisan
manner, because judicial elections are nonpartisan. Any suggestion otherwise, he
said, is "off-base."

"I think we have a good track record," Cross said.

KJCCC's website notes that, between 2005 and 2013, the group "has considered
approximately 20 complaints involving races at every level of the state
judiciary and has issued public statements when it has concluded that
campaigning by a candidate deserves public criticism."

Ralph B. Davis is managing editor of The Floyd County Times. Contact him by
phone at (606) 263-2908 or via Twitter at @rbdavis3.

___ (c)2014 The Floyd County Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) Visit The Floyd County
Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) at www.floydcountytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141030-QO-Appeals-race-gets-heated-1030-20141030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QO


            Copyright 2014 The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

                              795 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              May 12, 2013 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Greenhouse gases claim misrepresents science

BYLINE: W. Gardner Selby American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 676 words


Wayne Smith does not sweat greenhouse gases.

"Science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem," the Republican state
representative from Baytown told the American-Statesman for a recent news
article on a bill to put permitting authority over industrial emissions in
state, not federal, hands.

"There's no need to regulate greenhouse gases," Smith said.

We explored whether science has not shown greenhouse gases - meaning various
gaseous compounds (such as carbon dioxide) that absorb infrared radiation, trap
heat in the atmosphere - to be a problem.

Smith, who represents a district that is home to petrochemical plants, did not
respond to telephone inquiries, but we ran his claim by Chip Knappenberger,
assistant director of the Center for the Study of Science at the
Libertarian-leaning Cato Institute, which might be philosophically compatible
with the Texan.

Knappenberger said the effects of greenhouse gases on climate change are
scientifically proven.

But whether that's a problem, he said, is "open-ended. If you define all change
as a problem, then you have a problem. How much of a problem it is depends on
how fast and how large the climate change is that results."

Knappenberger also pointed out articles he wrote in February and March
suggesting fresh research indicates the generally predicted pace of warming may
be overstated.

"I am not convinced that the pace of global warming is sufficient enough to make
greenhouse gas emissions a 'problem,'" Knappenberger told us.

Several experts including the Texas state climatologist, John Nielsen-Gammon,
told us the scientific consensus is that increases in greenhouse gases, mostly
due to burning fossil fuels such as coal and oil, have been contributing to
global warming, though the pace of that warming is uncertain.

Naomi Oreskes, a professor of history at the University of California, San
Diego, sent us a chapter of a pending book updating her 2004 look into
scientific consensus about climate change.

A portion of the chapter says: "Scientists predicted a long time ago that
increasing greenhouse gas emissions could change the climate, and now there is
overwhelming evidence that it is changing the climate."

However, "to say that man-made global warming is underway is not the same as
agreeing about what will happen in the future. Much of the continuing debate in
the scientific community involves the likely rate of future change."

"There are climate scientists who actively do research in the field but disagree
with the consensus position," the chapter later says, "but their number is very,
very small."

Nielsen-Gammon said a helpful indicator of the scientific consensus is the
latest assessment of global warming factors, published in 2007 by the
International Panel on Climate Change.

Its 2007 report says both that evidence of global warming is "unequivocal" and
that most "of the observed increase in global average temperatures since the
mid-20th century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic
greenhouse gas concentrations."

Separately, an online search led us to a survey of scientists, published in
2009, that initially asked more than 10,000 earth scientists to participate.

Among 3,146 respondents asked if they think "human activity is a significant
contributing factor in changing mean global temperatures," 82 percent answered
affirmatively, with 97 percent of those respondents with the most climate
expertise saying yes.

Our ruling: Smith said science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem.

Scientists have agreed for years that such gases contribute to atmospheric
changes driving climatic warming, which is characterized as a global threat.

We considered the idea that the legislator's reference to greenhouse gases as a
"problem" reflects an uncheckable judgment, a matter of opinion.

However, our sense is that his statement purported to reflect scientific
consensus - and by that yardstick, it is both incorrect and ridiculous.

We rate the claim as Pants on Fire.

Contact W. Gardner Selby at 445-3644. Twitter: @gardnerselby @politifacttexas

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved

                              796 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

Letter: A flawed comparison

BYLINE: Gatehouse Media, Inc.

SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 352 words


Columnist E.J. Dionne misrepresents some important facts in his column Tuesday
directed to Catholic bishops and the media. He seeks to equate the alleged sins
of omission (not doing enough to help the poor) of House Speaker John Boehner
with the documented actions promoting an intrinsic evil (abortion) of President
Barack Obama.

We could all do more to help the poor, but we must not commit or condone the
intrinsic evil of abortion. Obama has done just that right here in Springfield
when as state senator he voted in 1997 against SB 230, a bill designed to
prevent the heinous and gruesome procedure called "partial-birth" abortion
because of its proximity to infanticide. Obama strongly criticized the Supreme
Court decision upholding the partial-birth abortion ban. He has voted against
requiring minors who get out-of-state abortions to notify their parents. On
March 30, 2001, Obama was the only Illinois senator who rose to speak against a
bill that would have protected babies who survived late term labor-induced
abortion. The National Abortion Rights Action League gave Obama a 100 percent
score on his pro-abortion voting record in the Senate for 2005, 2006 and 2007.

Dionne also asserts that the protesters at President Obama's commencement speech
at the University of Notre Dame in 2009 were "far angrier" than those who
protested Boehner's recent commencement address at the Catholic University of
America. The "protesters" in South Bend, Ind., who were peacefully praying the
rosary on campus, were arrested for trespassing. The "Notre Dame 88," as they
came to be known, faced prosecution for criminal trespass for almost two years,
until the charges were finally dropped earlier this month. On the other hand, no
one was arrested for their protests at Catholic University.

Caring for the poor has always been one of the primary values of the Christian
community, but abortion is the defining moral issue of our time. It is an insult
to the poor and unfair to those unborn babies killed by abortion to try to
equate their plight as morally equivalent.

Bishop Thomas John Paprocki

Diocese of Springfield

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              797 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday

Treated water is safe for adults and babies

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 152 words


I wish to make it quite clear that the British Fluoridation Society considers
fluoridated water to be perfectly safe for all - including babies.

Voice seriously misrepresents one of our briefings in which we simply point out
that parents can reduce even further the already low risk of their young
children developing dental fluorosis while still obtaining the full benefits of
fluoridated water.

Dental fluorosis is a purely cosmetic problem of white marks showing on the
teeth; it has no general health effects whatever.

The British Fluoridation Society has always admired the huge achievement of the
Republic of Ireland in fluoridating its water supply 40 years ago.

We are continuing to campaign strongly for water fluoridation to be introduced
in Manchester, Liverpool and Glasgow.

Prof Michael Lennon OBE

Chair

British Fluoridation Society

Ward 4

Booth Hall Children's Hospital

Charlestown Road

Manchester M9 7AA

England

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              798 of 997 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                              May 26, 2000, Friday

C.A. Limits Firefighter's Rule, Says Officer May Sue Over Falsehoods

BYLINE: By KENNETH OFGANG, Staff Writer/Appellate Courts

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 869 words


Someone who misrepresents a hazardous situation to a police officer can be sued
if the officer fails to take precautions and is injured as a result, the Court
of Appeal for this district said yesterday.

Reinstating an injured Los Angeles officer's suit against the wife of the Lake
View Terrance man convicted of shooting him in January 1998, Div. Four
overturned Los Angeles Superior Court Judge John P. Farrell's ruling that the
action was barred by the common-law "firefighter's rule."

The firefighter's rule generally bars a police officer, firefighter, or other
public safety worker from bringing a negligence action against the party
creating a hazard leading to an injury if confronting such hazards is part of
the worker's job.

Superior Court Judge Laurence Rubin, sitting on assignment in the Court of
Appeal's Div. Four, said the doctrine doesn't apply when the danger created by
the hazard is heightened by willful misrepresentation.

Suit Reinstated

The court reinstated a suit by Donald Boon against Milagro Rivera, whose husband
shot Boon after he and other officers responded to a 911 call indicating that
the man was barricaded inside his home, might have assaulted his wife, and might
be mentally disturbed.

Reynaldo Rivera was eventually convicted of attempted murder and is currently at
Pelican Bay State Prison serving a 32-year sentence, Boon's attorney told the
MetNews.

Lawrence J. Hanna, a Van Nuys sole practitioner, said Boon remains a Los Angeles
police officer, but is in constant pain and is restricted to light duty, perhaps
permanently.

A newspaper account of the shooting said Rivera fired several rounds from a Colt
AR-15 assault rifle, but the gun malfunctioned, enabling officers to rescue
Boon.

The officer, who was struck by several shots, alleges that Milagro Rivera
falsely told him that her husband wasn't violent and that she didn't know what
guns were in the house.

Weapons Known

In truth, Boon alleges, Milagro Rivera knew that there was an M-16 rifle and a
gun safe in the house and that her husband had threatened to kill any police
officer who came to the residence. If she had told him the truth, Boon said in
his complaint, he would have responded with lethal force rather than risk being
shot.

Only after her husband surrendered, the complaint further alleges, did Milagro
Rivera tell the police that her husband had been diagnosed as dangerous,
threatened to kill police officers, had also threatened to kill her and their
child, and that a psychiatric social worker had come to the house at her
request.

Rubin, writing for the Court of Appeal, said Farrell should have overruled
Milagro Rivera's demurrer.

While emergency personnel "may not complain of the very negligence that makes
their employment necessary," the jurist explained, "a public safety officer does
not assume every risk." One of the risks that is not assumed, Rubin said, is
that persons the officer encounters at the scene will lie about the dangers.

Rubin cited Lipson v. Superior Court (1982) 31 Cal.3d 362, which he called
"palpably" similar to Boon's case. Lipson held that a firefighter called to the
scene of a chemical boil could recover if he could prove his allegations that
the plant's owners lied by claiming that the boil didn't involve toxic
materials.

While a firefighter assumes the risk of smoke, flames, and structural collapse,
the court said, he or she cannot anticipateand does not assume the riskthat the
owner or occupier of a burning building will lie about the nature of the fire.

Rubin went on to say that Rivera owed a duty of care to Boon, citing Civil Code
Sec. 1714.9.

The statute provides that "any person is responsible not only for the results of
that person's willful acts causing injury to a peace officer . . . but also for
any injury occasioned to that person by the want of ordinary care or skill in
the management of the person's property or person . . .[w]here the

conduct causing the injury occurs after the person knows or should have known of
the presence of the peace officer . . . ."

Rubin rejected the argument that Milagro Rivera cannot be held responsible for
her husband's criminal acts. The legal principle on which she relies, Rubin
said, doesn't apply when the defendant, through his or her own actions,
exacerbates the risk posed by the third party's criminal conduct.

Milagro Rivera's attorney, Paul V. Ash of the Woodland Hills firm of Hanger,
Levine & Steinberg, said he didn't know whether he will seek review in the state
Supreme Court.

Ash said the decision was wrong, but "not that bad" in terms of its impact on
the defense case. He emphasized that the case was still at the demurrer stage,
and that the plaintiff must still prove that Milagro Rivera misled him.

Hanna said he would prove that, noting that Reynaldo Rivera had "a whole safe
full of automatic weapons fire." The appellate ruling will benefit "not just my
client but all police officers," he said.

"Citizens have to give correct information to the police" when they are dealing
with dangerous individuals like Rivera, Hanna said.

The case is Boon v. Rivera, 00 S.O.S. 3130.


LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Metropolitan News Company

                              799 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            February 2, 2014 Sunday

Letters: Feb. 2

BYLINE: Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 904 words


Goodman's column misrepresents Desert Hills

This letter is in regards to the column written on Sunday by Peter Goodman. The
column wanted the public to believe Desert Hills Elementary School is falling
apart.

I am usually not willing to get involved in a public way, however, I can't sit
by and allow this type of information to go out and hurt our school, teachers,
administrators, parents, and most of all our children. This has been a great
school and still is a great school.

In the article on Sunday, I noticed something was missing, the discussion of the
students. This school, regardless of the principal, teachers or staff, still
holds precious children ranging from the ages of 3-12. Children don't care if
the tests are called pre-test or post-test. Students want to do their best and
learn. Students don't care if a teacher's lesson plans are written correctly or
if the Common Core is aligned properly. They do care that they are respected,
safe and happy.

These are the children who can and will learn. Everyone knows that a healthy,
happy, well-rested child will do much better in school. They want to be cared
about and believed in and to be told they are special.

That's right, Mr. Goodman, you haven't been in our school, so you don't know
about our DHES family. I have worked here since it opened in 1995, and I recall
from the first day to now, that all who want to be in this family are welcome.
You haven't seen the loving, caring teachers, smiling students, or heard the
teaching and learning going on as you walk down our halls. DHES is still warm,
we are still unified.

Starting today, let's start focusing on the positive of the many, instead of the
negative of the few.

Terri Austin Teacher, Desert Hills Elementary School Las CrucesMisinformation
abounds in Gila River issue

I have been reading the articles, arguments and poll that 85 percent of New
Mexicans are opposed to diverting water from supposed last free flowing river in
New Mexico (The Mimbres and San Francisco rivers are indeed flowing freer!). I
believe misinformation has been put forth about Gila River. At least two
diversions already exist on the Gila River, the Bill Evans diversion and the
Virden diversion.

New Mexico can ill afford to dismiss water properly allocated by the Arizona
Water Settlements Act. No state would be so kind to us. Ironically, New Mexico
is entitled to the same amount of water as was obtained for the Bill Evans Lake
diversion. I would prefer this water be provided to agriculture-related
enterprise, possibly in the area where it leaves New Mexico. If this not be
possible, then some clean industry could be encouraged to apply and put to
beneficial use 14,000 acre feet of water for the benefit of the state, with
possible new revenue and employment opportunities.

If not, the state of Arizona should exchange water from the Colorado River that
we might channel from the San Juan River to be stored at Army Corps of Engineers
Heron Lake and gradually benefit New Mexico, as may be needed. Losing it should
never be option. The Rio Grande runs dry and pecan farmers and agriculture in
the Dona Ana County areas suffer worst, with no river in the most hurtful
drought in our lifetimes. If global warming is indeed causing all this and it
continues, what are the prospects for the future? We must put every drop that we
are entitled to toward beneficial use here in the Land of Enchantment.

For more detailed information, please go to
www.scribd.com/doc/203546156/The-Gila-River-in-New-Mexico-Last-Free-Flowing-Rive
r-Not-doc

Henry Parra DemingMinimum wage panel still on the table

The Sun-News ("Council rejects minimum wage panel," Jan. 22) handled the City
Council's minimum wage discussion quite well. However, the council did not
reject the proposed panel; the story's title misleads. There was a tie vote,
3-3, without a majority decision. The idea remains on the table, with possible
work sessions and other meetings.

I agree with Councilors Pedroza and Sorg   the committee is too large as
envisaged and stacked against workers. It would probably be unproductive,
especially with Councilor Smith's " ... intention to take up a variety of
workforce issues." Is this a sidetracking mechanism? Sorg says it's unworkable
and "without enough diversity," Pedroza "has similar concerns." Then we get
Councilor Levantino's revealing words: " the council shouldn't forget employers,
they are part of the discussion, whether you want them or not." Uh, forget
employers, councilor? The originally proposed committee's employer members could
be at least 15 of the 18. Employers were not forgotten. They rule.

Councilors, please note for future reference, "general consumers," as a
category, is easily filled by a business. By definition, every group or body on
the list is a consumer. Where are the fast food or other workers, families or
local unions, etc.? While CAFe is one leader in this fight, it is not unique. I
suggest the council resolve to put a minimum wage raise on the ballot this
November for we the people to decide. That's a good use of time.

Whether a committee will be formed and be useful or not is matter of time. My
Jan. 23 letter titled "Coddling wage payers won't help wage earners" is
pertinent. Based on the initially proposed panel members, "coddling wage payers"
is where some on the council really want to go. People forget, what's good for
workers is good for business.

Jerry Nachison Las Cruces

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              800 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii: Justice Department Obtains $317,000 in Discrimination Settlement with
Euless, Texas, Apartment Complex

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The United States has settled a housing discrimination lawsuit in Euless, Texas,
concerning discrimination against persons of Middle Eastern and South Asian
descent, the Justice Department announced today.  Under the agreement,
defendants in United States v. Stonebridge at Bear Creek LLP et al will pay a
total of $107,000 in civil penalties and $210,000 in a damages fund to
compensate victims of the defendants' discrimination identified during the term
of the agreement.

The agreement was filed today in federal court in Dallas and takes the form of a
joint proposed order whose terms may be enforced by the court.  The department's
complaint alleged that, for several years, the owners, employees and management
company of Stonebridge at Bear Creek Apartments violated the Fair Housing Act by
denying housing opportunities to persons of Middle Eastern and South Asian
descent.  Among other unlawful actions, Stonebridge's property manager ordered
leasing agents to misrepresent apartment availability based on the accent and
perceived race or national origin of potential tenants, and to segregate those
approved tenants of Middle Eastern or South Asian descent into two buildings in
order to isolate any smells allegedly associated with ethnic cuisine that the
manager disliked.

"The Fair Housing Act ensures that people searching for a home are protected
from discrimination, no matter what part of the world their family comes from"
said Acting Assistant Attorney General Jocelyn Samuels for the Civil Rights
Division.  "The Justice Department will continue to vigorously protect the
rights of all individuals to obtain housing free from discrimination."

Under the agreement, which must be approved by the federal court in Texas, the
defendants must adopt a nondiscrimination policy and enact or undertake numerous
other corrective measures, including training, record keeping and monitoring.
In addition, the property manager who ordered the discrimination will no longer
be employed by the owners of Stonebridge at Bear Creek Apartments or its
management company.

Fighting illegal housing discrimination is a top priority of the department's
Civil Rights Division.  The federal Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination in
housing on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, familial status, national
origin and disability.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              801 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 12, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Echoes From a Distant Contemporary Past

BYLINE: By MARTHA SCHWENDENER

SECTION: Section CT; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; ART REVIEW CONNECTICUT; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1168 words


This is a collectors' show. Nothing wrong with that. After all, collectors are
people, too -- very important people. They are the ones who keep the lights on
and the curators running. Without patrons like the Medici, Pope Pius IV and the
kings of France, we would not have Michelangelo, Leonardo or Versailles.

But in the same way museum exhibitions dedicated to one artist can distort the
collective, network-based nature of art history, exhibitions based on a single
patron's collection can misrepresent the career of the artists in them. Such is
the case with ''The Independent Eye: Contemporary British Art From the
Collection of Samuel and Gabrielle Lurie'' at the Yale Center for British Art in
New Haven.

Although the works in this show are, as the title advertises, ''contemporary''
by some standards (auction houses and museum departments tend to mark the
contemporary at post-1945), they feel like echoes from a distant contemporary
past: Modernism. The center's director, Amy Meyers, acknowledges this in her
catalog foreword, writing that it is nice to ''exhibit modern British paintings,
prints and drawings that are almost exactly contemporaneous'' with the center's
Louis Kahn building. Already, the show feels more contemporaneous than
contemporary.

However, the work on view by Ian Stephenson, John Hoyland, John Walker, Howard
Hodgkin, Patrick Caulfield and R. B. Kitaj is by and large not from the 1960s,
the decade in which these painters ''attained artistic maturity,'' as even the
wall label admits. Most of the works are from the 1970s through the '90s, and
feel like minor efforts, or the work of painters past their prime.

Mr. Stephenson is one of the better-represented artists in the show. Two of his
works from 1967, both double-canvas diptychs titled ''Diorama,'' show his
updated take on Georges Seurat: a divisionist method of applying dots to the
canvas, laid out on the studio's floor. Richly optical, they shift between
passages of greater and lesser dot-density and concentrations of hue. A kind of
analog Op Art, they are much more painterly than, say, the works of artists like
Bridgit Riley.

And the '60s were Mr. Stephenson's moment. His paintings inspired another
Michelangelo -- the Italian filmmaker Michelangelo Antonioni -- so much that
Antonioni added a painter as a character in ''Blow Up,'' his 1966 film about
London in the Swinging Sixties. He also included canvases by Mr. Stephenson in
some of the movie's scenes. (You can see why Antonioni, who collected art by
Italian Futurists, might have been attracted to the dynamic abstractions of Mr.
Stephenson.)

The best-known artist in the show, Mr. Kitaj, is represented by a single screen
print, ''Truman in the White House (A Romance by R. B. Kitaj),'' from 1966. As
far as prints go -- compared with painting, prints are generally considered a
lesser genre, because of their large-edition reproduction and sales capability
-- it is a good one. A fragment of a photograph of President Harry S. Truman's
face bisected by the barrel of a gun is nestled among the dark shapes and
vertical stripes laid out against a black ground. But for this artist, an
American considered part of the London School that promoted figurative painting
in the 1970s, it feels like an embarrassingly skimpy offering.

Mr. Hodgkin, another prominent British painter, is also represented by a single
work, a somber lithograph from 1979: a brownish abstraction that captures some
of the all-over compositional devices, if not the exuberant color favored by the
painter.

Mr. Caulfield was actually known for his prints, which challenged the primacy of
painting and brought a stripped-down, flat-color sensibility to the idiom that
you can see in later British painters like Julian Opie. Mr. Caulfield's
''Portrait of a Frenchman'' from 1971 and ''Fruit and Bowl'' from 1979-80 are
based on these flat outlays of color, with shapes cleanly defined by black
lines, like in stained-glass windows or Gauguin's Synthetist paintings. But
another print, ''Les Demoiselles d'Avignon Vue de Derriere'' from 1999
(Picasso's prostitutes from his famous 1907 proto-Cubist canvas ''Les
Demoiselles d'Avignon'' seen from behind), feels like both an academic exercise
and a groaner.

Mr. Walker's canvases are neutrally colored, geometric and brooding. Their rough
surface harks back to the Informel of the '40s and '50s, although Mr. Walker's
innovations included using chalk and collage on canvases' surface.

The largest number of works here are by Mr. Hoyland. Among these are several
small paintings with elements that look as though they were drawn by squeezing
tubes of acrylic paint directly onto the canvas. Weirdly neo-Surrealist works
like ''Tree Talk,'' ''The Sea Brought Them'' and ''Water Angel'' have a
brightness and freshness that look very relevant and contemporary. Larger
paintings like ''Black Moon Lament'' and ''Bitch Goddess'' are spectral and
celestial, with glowing bright and metallic paint applied to a black matte
ground.

Mr. Hoyland is the lucky artist here. ''The Independent Eye'' shows him working
productively since the '60s. However, if you wander into the Yale center's
permanent collection, you get an even broader sense of his career. A work from
the '60s hangs there. Stark, with a green ground and minimal red and orange
stripes, it looks like a Rothko crossed with a Barnett Newman -- the work of a
very different painter.

The exhibition highlights, mostly by accident, a question that has been growing
over the years. In an age that celebrates the new, the ''emerging,'' and the
novel discovery, will there be room for an artist's ''late'' work as the
millennium progresses? (To wit: The most ''scholarly'' essays in the catalog --
really, scholarly-lite -- focus on the 1960s, not on the later periods that the
artworks represent.)

''The Independent Eye'' does not address this head-on, because its focus is on
the artists not of a certain period, but of a certain collection. It also
provides an odd forum, in the catalog, in which the collectors, a couple based
in New York, describe in a bit of reverse-classicism the ''fortuitous advantage
of being disadvantaged, of not having been brought up in a home'' with art that
could ''easily smother the adventurous spirit in a youngster, inducing either
compliance with the family's taste or a reflexive rebellion that could include
an aversion to all art.''

Collecting is a world rife with its own imprimaturs and politics. The Luries
write that their ''sole criterion has been aesthetic quality.''

''We like to think that this places us on the side of the angels,'' they write.
However, a show like this comes with distinct complications. It might justify,
even glorify, the taste of the collectors, but it does not always or necessarily
benefit the artists.

''The Independent Eye: Contemporary British Art From the Collection of Samuel
and Gabrielle Lurie,'' Yale Center for British Art, 1080 Chapel Street, New
Haven, through Jan. 2. Information: (203) 432-2800 or ycba.yale.edu.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: BRITAIN'S STARS: Patrick Caulfield's screen print ''Fruit and
Bowl,'' top left
Howard Hodgkin's lithograph ''For Bernard Jacobson,'' above
and the John Hoyland acrylic ''Black Moon Lament.'' All three works date from
1979 or later. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY, TOP LEFT, ARTIST RIGHTS SOCIETY, NEW YORK/DACS,
LONDON
ABOVE, HOWARD HODGKIN
 BOTTOM, JOHN HOYLAND)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company

                              802 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              June 25, 2010 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Ex-Enron CEO Wins Court Challenge Of Anti-Fraud Statute "Honest Service' Law
Vague Prosecutors used statute in high-profile fraud cases vs. Skilling, media
baron

BYLINE: JED GRAHAM

SECTION: Front Page News; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 582 words


The U.S. Supreme Court severely reduced the scope of a law that prosecutors
often used to win fraud convictions against executives and politicians.

In a unanimous decision Thursday, the justices held that a 1988 law prohibiting
the fraudulent denial of one's "honest services" was unconstitutionally vague --
except in cases involving bribes and kickbacks.

In the case of Skilling v. United States, the court found that former Enron CEO
Jeffrey Skilling did not violate the statute, as newly defined, for conspiring
to misrepresent Enron's health. The justices called Skilling's conviction
"flawed," but stopped short of overturning his convictions on 19 different
counts, leaving that to a lower appeals court.

In a related decision, the court ruled that jury instructions on honest services
were incorrect in a case against media magnate Conrad Black, ex-CEO of Hollinger
International, once the world's third-largest publisher. Black was convicted in
2007 and sentenced to 6 1/2 years for illegally siphoning off $5.5 million from
the company.

Justices instructed the 7 th Circuit Court of Appeals to reconsider Black's
case.

It also vacated a 9 th Circuit Court of Appeals ruling that found former Alaska
state Rep. Bruce Weyhrauch guilty of honest services fraud.

"It's a good decision for defense lawyers," said white-collar defense litigator
Adam Hoffinger of Morrison & Foerster in Washington, D.C. "It's going to help
limit the government from using criminal laws to charge what has otherwise been
largely civil conduct."

Some advocacy groups saw the court's narrow definition of honest services as a
huge setback.

"It has been the single-most-utilized statute in the prosecutor's arsenal
against public corruption," said Melanie Sloan, executive director of Citizens
for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.

"In honest services, you need to show the conflict of interest. You don't have
to show there was a direct exchange," she said.

A host of other corporate and government fraud cases may be impacted by the
ruling. Ex-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich stands accused of honest services
fraud, among other charges. Former New York Senate Leader Joseph Bruno was
convicted of honest services fraud last year.

The Weyhrauch case focused on his solicitation of legal work from the oil
services firm Veco when it was lobbying the state Legislature for lower oil
taxes. Under Alaska law, Weyhrauch wasn't required to disclose such a conflict
of interest, and a federal district judge sided with him. But the appeals court
ruled that the weak state ethics laws shouldn't deprive state citizens of honest
services.

"The Weyhrauch case is arguably a type of case where the doctrine (of honest
services) was getting out of control," said George Washington University Law
Professor Randall Eliason.

Eliason, who handled public corruption as assistant U.S. attorney for D.C., says
the honest services statute has been too hazily defined to make it clear to
politicians when they are crossing the line and the penalties too severe -- up
to 20 years.

Sloan is already suggesting a fix. She notes that under a federal law that is
quite precisely defined, executive-branch employees are prohibited from
involvement in any decision in which they have a personal financial stake.

"This statute could easily be extended to cover members of Congress and state
and local officials to ensure Americans are protected from government officials
who sacrifice the public interest for their own private gain," Sloan said.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              803 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                               September 30, 2016

On Terror, Trump Sees Israel as His Model;
Israeli experts object: 'More like a 14-year-old's perception of what Israel's
terror policy really is,' says one.

SECTION: News; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1250 words


Back in 1994, Prime Minister Yitzhak  Rabin promised the Israeli people that the
newly  signed Oslo Accord would not lead to a surge in  terrorism, even though
the Palestinian Authority   would take control of parts of the West Bank  and
Gaza. Rabin could make this promise, he said,  because the P.A.  unlike Israel
didn't have to  operate under legal and civil society constraints.

Without a Supreme Court and without human  rights watchdogs, he said, predicting
how the P.A.  would be effective in policing its own people.

More than 20 years later, this idea might sound

familiar. Republican presidential candidate Donald  Trump says we should prevent
terror attacks like  the one in New York City on September 15 by  using
Israeli-style profiling and other anti-terror  tactics. But experts say the GOP
nominee fails to  understand basic tenets of Israeli policy  and  misrepresents
others. Democratic candidate Hillary   Clinton strikes a very different tone.

Trump says, as Rabin did, that political correctness   and governmental timidity
can inhibit the  fight against terror.

We will not allow political correctness and soft-on-terror, soft-on-crime
policies to threaten our  security and our lives, Trump said September 19,
hours after the capture of Ahmad Khan Rahami,  the suspect in the New York and
New Jersey bombing   attempts.

But the resemblance between Trump's post-Chelsea   bombing approach to terrorism
and Israel's  battle-tested doctrine is mainly superficial. Trump
oversimplifies Israel's approach, experts say.

Trump's statements in past days are more like a  14-year-old's perception of
what Israel's terror policy   really is, said Neri Zilber, an adjunct fellow at
the Washington Institute for Near East Policy who  is based in Tel Aviv. It's a
false conception of what  Israel does on the ground.

In response to the bombings and stabbing, Trump  directly invoked Israel when
explaining his call for  use of racial profiling as a legitimate way to fight
terrorism.

Israel has done an unbelievable job, and they  will profile. They profile, Trump
told Fox News.  They see somebody that's suspicious. They will  profile. They
will take that person in and check  out. Do we have a choice? Look what's going
on.  Do we really have a choice?

Israel does indeed profile, especially in its airport  security operation, but
not nearly as broadly or  indiscriminately as Trump suggests; Israel does  not
target all Muslims. Israeli authorities focus on  young, single Palestinians who
they believe pose a  greater security risk than other population groups.  While
Israel's profiling has been condemned internationally,   it is far less sweeping
than that urged  by Trump.

Trump also says he believes torture is an effective  method of extracting
information from terrorists.

Torture works. Okay, folks? You know, I have  these guys  'Torture doesn't
work!'  believe me,  it works, he said in February during a campaign  event in
South Carolina at which he backed water-boarding   and much worse.

And Israel uses torture as well, but only in cases  described as ticking bomb
situations, in which a  terrorist has vital information that can be used to
save lives immediately. Israel had a public debate  about torture two decades
ago, and it concluded   that the use of torture demands rigid limits,  set first
by a public committee and later by the  Supreme Court. Trump has called for a
blanket  authorization for using torture techniques, while  Israel regulates it.

Where Trump does hew closer to Israel's actu-

al counterterrorism practices is on  the distinction he wants to make  between
criminal suspects and  enemy combatants. In Israel, Palestinian   terror
suspects (but not  Jewish ones) are tried in the military   justice system,
which allows  prolonged detention before charges  and conducts trials based
heavily on  classified information that the defendant   cannot access.

Trump admires this system and has  called for terror suspects on United  States
soil to be tried not in civilian  courts, but as foreign enemy combatants,   a
definition used in the past to  justify the incarceration of detainees   in the
prison on Guantanamo Bay  and their trial in military tribunals.

Congress should pass measures to  ensure that foreign enemy combatants   are
treated as such, Trump said  September 19. These are enemies,  these are
combatants, and we have to  be tough, we have to be strong.

Where Trump can't score points  with Israelis looking for international
validation of their own practices  and methods is on the issue of national
security experience. He doesn't have  it; Clinton does, and Israelis value that.

I'm the only candidate in this race  who's been part of the hard decisions  to
take terrorists off the battlefield,  Clinton told reporters August 17.

It is an argument that Israel's liberal   opposition leaders have struggled
with for years, lamenting their inability   to take over the premiership due  to
the perception that their lack  of sufficient military and national   security
credentials disqualified  them from that highest office. History   proves this
point valid in Israeli  politics  the only electoral success  the country's
Labor Party has seen  was when led by Rabin and by Ehud  Barak, both former
generals who had  entered politics with years of national   security experience.

Clinton doesn't invoke Israel when  she talks counterterrorism. She has  spoken
out against profiling; after  the New York City bomb explosion,  she repeated
her frequent claim that  profiling Muslims or targeting entire  communities
would only inflame  terrorism and serve as a recruiting  tool for extremists.

We know that a lot of the rhetoric  we've heard from Donald Trump has  been
seized on by terrorists, in particular   ISIS [the Islamic State group],  she
told reporters at a press conference   outside her campaign plane in  White
Plains, New York, on August 17.

Clinton has also praised President  Obama's decision to prohibit torture.

I am proud to have been a part  of the Obama administration that  banned illegal
renditions and brutal  interrogations, Clinton said at a  gala in 2014 after the
release of a CIA  report on torture. Yes, the threat  of terrorism is real and
urgent, she  added, but the crowd should steel  our resolve and underscore that
our  values are what set us apart from our  adversaries.

Whoever wins the election, Israelis  hope that terror attacks in the United
States will induce American leaders  to show more sympathy to the Israeli
struggle.

Today the entire international  community says that there is a need  to wage a
determined and uncompromising   fight against terrorism,  Israel's prime
minister, Benjamin  Netanyahu, told reporters before  leaving for New York,
where attended  the United Nations General Assembly.   And indeed, they must
also  support the determined and uncompromising   fight against terrorism,  and
this moral clarity is necessary to  both fight against  and defeat   terrorism.

Netanyahu has long protested what  he and other Israelis see as a double
standard in which other countries  pressure Israel to use restraint in  dealing
with terrorists but don't do  the same thing when terror hits their  own
citizens.

Any time you have a terror attack  in Europe or in America, Israelis  hope the
world will understand what  they've been dealing with for years,  Zilber said,
that Israel is the canary  in the coal mine.

Contact Nathan Guttman at  guttman@forward.com

or on Twitter @nathanguttman

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: 'They Profile':Israeli police frisk Palestinian men before
Friday prayer at theDamascus Gate, a main entrance to Jerusalem's Old City.;
GETTY IMAGES
IMAGE: Experience Preferred:Hillary Clinton stresses she's 'the only candidate
who's been part ofthe hard decisions to take terrorist off the battlefield,' a
claim that resonates with Israelis.; GETTY IMAGES
IMAGE: Huuuge Fan:'Israel has done an unbelievablejob,' says Trump.; GETTY
IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved

                              804 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: Judge rules for O-I in asbestos case

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 102 words


Sept. 05--Owens-Illinois Inc. said Tuesday that it was pleased with what it
dubbed a "favorable ruling" in an asbestos-related court case.

The case, decided by a judge in McLean County, Illinois, stemmed from
allegations the Perrysburg-based glass container company took part in a
conspiracy to conceal or misrepresent the health risks associated with asbestos.
The ruling negated $9.6 million in compensatory damages and $40 million in
punitive damages. The case is subject to appeal.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120905-TO-BRF-Judge-rules-for-O-I-in-asbestos-case-0905-20120905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade

                              805 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 17, 2005 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Climate Change Debate

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Editorial Desk; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 119 words



To the Editor:

James L. Connaughton, head of the United States Council on Environmental
Quality, was quoted in ''Climate Change Is Called Economic Threat at Talks''
(news article, March 16) as saying, ''We are still working on the issue of
causation, the extent to which humans are a factor'' in global climate change.
This misrepresents the strong scientific consensus that humans are already
causing climate change.

Most of us in the climate field are no longer working on causation, but on
understanding and reducing the worst economic, social and environmental
consequences of what now appears to be unavoidable and severe climatic change.

Peter H. Gleick
President, Pacific Institute
Oakland, Calif., March 16, 2005

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company

                              806 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                    September 23, 2003 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

Mining financials confuse investors

BYLINE: Steve Raabe , Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-03

LENGTH: 528 words


A mishmash of financial reporting standards in the global mining  industry is
leaving investors in the dark, a new study concludes.


The reporting differences make it difficult or impossible for  investors to
compare the performance and financial strength of  mining companies, said Sheri
Pearce, U.S. mining practice leader  for accounting and consulting firm KPMG
LLP.


The study showed wide variances, for example, in the way mining  firms report
inventories of unmined raw materials, known as  reserves, and in how companies
calculate the value of their  assets.


'Our survey highlights how there are often inconsistencies between  the ways in
which companies disclose financial and nonfinancial  measures,' Pearce said. 'It
also means stakeholders have  difficulty in comparing the performance of two
companies.'


Pearce said the differences in financial reporting do not appear to  be an
effort to deceive investors.


'There's not an intent to mislead people or misrepresent  operations,' she said.
'They're just doing it in accordance with  their particular standards.'


Consolidation in mining has brought the issues to a head, experts  said.


Denver-based Newmont Mining Corp., for example, last year  accomplished a
three-way merger with Canadian and Australian gold  companies only after an
exhaustive effort to make the firms'  financial reporting uniform.


'Part of the reason these inconsistencies exist is that we have a  global
marketplace,' said Doug Silver of Balfour Holdings, a  mining appraisal and
consulting firm in south suburban Denver.  'Getting a consistent reporting
standard is very difficult when  you're dealing with various countries.'


KPMG officials said the survey shows the need for common  international
accounting standards - an initiative already underway  and being co-led by
Trevor Ellis, a Denver-based mineral property  appraiser.


Ellis is advising the International Valuation Standards Committee  on adding
minerals and petroleum extraction to the committee's  documented standards for
other assets such as buildings, farms and  fine art.


'Not having common standards affects the ability of the industry  to raise
capital, and it distorts ratios on how companies are  performing, which has an
effect on investors,' Ellis said.


Wading through financial reports without common standards makes  investment
decisions tough, said Thomas Winmill, president of the  Midas Funds, a New
York-based gold mutual-fund group with about $ 60  million in assets.


'It's buyer beware,' said Winmill, in Denver on Monday for the  Denver Gold
Forum, an investment symposium. 'The (financial  community) spends a lot of time
trying to get all these apples and  oranges to line up as apples.'


The KPMG study found generally comprehensive - but not uniform -  disclosures
from mining companies in developed countries such as  the United States,
Australia, Canada, South Africa and the United  Kingdom. However, disclosure of
corporate information was much  lower in less-developed countries in Asia,
Africa and South  America.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              807 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 21, 1990, Wednesday, Final Edition

Milli & the Reality Question

BYLINE: Richard Harrington, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D7; ON THE BEAT

LENGTH: 1082 words


Now that everybody's had his fun with poor old Milli Vanilli, a few serious
questions remain.

For instance, wasn't there some way they could have traded in their Grammy for
an Oscar? Or had the category changed to Best New Con Artist?

Seriously, who's going to sponsor their next tour -- Memorex?

Monday, Milli Vanilli was stripped of their Best New Artist Grammy by the
National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences (this as they were about to
surrender it on Tuesday). So far, though, no one's suggesting they'll be turning
their hardly earned royalties over to Charles Shaw and the other "real" singers
whose vocals are heard on the septuple-platinum album. Shaw and Co. may be
morally entitled to the mechanical royalties paid on each album, but probably
signed away those rights for a flat fee. All this undoubtedly will be coming
out, as will a new Rob Pilatus-Fabrice Morvan album. No one knows what name
they'll be using, but perhaps they could borrow the title from George Michael's
latest: "Listen Without Prejudice."

A final sour note: Todd Headlee, who handled Milli Vanilli for its American
management during much of 1989, is going to write a book about his experiences.
Wonder if he'll be using a ghost writer?

More questions: did Arista Records, which distributed the Milli Vanilli album in
the United States, intentionally misrepresent the duo as singers? Well, Arista
says it didn't know, which Milli Vanilli producer Frank Farian disputes. In any
event, Arista's not likely to mail out 7 million corrections (or apologies) to
the folks who bought the album.

Does this mean that the record industry will have to introduce yet another
warning sticker: "Parental Advisory -- May Contain Surreptitious Performances."
Or that concert tickets will have to sport a disclaimer: "Not Real, but an
Incredible Simulation!" In fact, three states -- California, New York and New
Jersey -- have introduced full disclosure legislation by which promoters will
have to make clear to consumers before concerts that some of the music -- vocal
or instrumental -- was prerecorded. In New Jersey, the bill calls for a $ 50,000
penalty for promoters and up to $ 5,000 for authorized ticket vendors who
violate the law. The bills have the strong support of the American Federation of
Musicians, which holds that modern technology is putting musicians out of work
around the country. Currently there is no parallel law or proffered legislation
addressing "false pretenses" made by record companies, but the current fiasco is
likely to bring the issue into the spotlight.

Since the advent of MTV and the proliferation of dance-oriented singers like
Milli Vanilli, Madonna, Paula Abdul, Janet Jackson, George Michael, M.C. Hammer,
Michael Jackson and the New Kids on the Block, audience expectations have been
drastically redefined -- in concert, they want live versions of what they see on
MTV and BET, with CD-quality sound. Unfortunately, few artists are capable of
re-creating both exhausting dance routines and polished vocals in live perfor-
mance, so something gets lost in the transition.  As a result, some artists rely
on defensive strategies: simply lip-syncing to prerecorded vocal tracks; using a
live microphone, singing over a safety prerecorded vocal track to cover the
rough spots; background singers, both on and off stage, who can double the lead
singer, also covering rough spots. At least the vocals are the artists'. Milli
Vanilli's crime was that they were lip-syncing to someone else's performance in
a rock opera version of "Puttin' On the Hits."

Few artists are willing to admit they use concert helpers: Last summer, when
there were rumors that concerts by Milli Vanilli and the New Kids were as much
as 50 percent taped, label representatives either lied or were evasive. Clive
Davis, head of Arista, insisted that such rumors were "absurd," but gave himself
an out by saying he was basing his stance on the word of Frank Farian. As for
the New Kids, their manager, Dick Scott, conceded that they used some backing
tracks on the "more intricate production numbers," but critics suspected the
group relied on tapes for most of its intricate harmonies. Carl Freed, head of
the North American Concert Promoters Association, estimated that 90 percent of
the pop, dance and rap acts on the road either use tapes or reproduce
instruments through synthesizers; this is less true with rock and country bands
and simply does not apply to less popular genres like jazz, blues and bluegrass.

Indeed, it's not just vocals that are Memorex (actually Synclavier). There's
probably much more electronic enhancement of instrumental tracks, through
digital sampling (in which any sound can be digitally analyzed, captured and
stored in a computer memory, to be played on demand) and digital sequencing (a
computerized update on the player piano). Many sounds and effects created in the
studio can't be duplicated cheaply, if at all, by live musicians.

Sometimes it's a question of competence (some of today's "major artists" can't
play their instruments and must rely on studio musicians and hired road-guns);
sometimes it's a question of finance: It's expensive to take a horn section or a
string quartet on the road if you only need it for a few songs. It's a lot
easier to punch the musicians into a computer: They don't need a per diem or a
hotel room, they're always on time and they never get sick.

On the club level, dance artists have long performed live to prerecorded tracks
(that's how Madonna got started), but even on the concert level, some major acts
have used prerecorded tracks. Todd Rundgren used to come out and do a half-hour
of singing and playing guitar or keyboards above complex tracks, and artists
from Laurie Anderson and Sinead O'Connor to David Byrne have worked
solo-to-tape, but always absent the artifice.

Then there's the proliferation of computerized lighting and visual effects for
major concerts. All this helps cut down on the spontaneity that some fans feel
is crucial to music-making. Those fans tend to be older than the MTV-defined
audiences that constitute the greater part of today's concert-goers. Still, even
yesterday's rock fans are familiar with the process. After all, lip-syncing goes
back to the days of "American Bandstand," television variety programs in the
'50s, and even the Cavalcade of Stars tours. Of course, concert technology was
so minimal back then that the deception was probably a favor to audiences.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post

                              808 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 20, 2011 Sunday

CIR reform advocates misrepresent facts;

BYLINE: GENE HANLON

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 800 words


LOCAL VIEW

The board members of the Lincoln City Employee Association must take issue with
some of the rhetoric used by advocates of reform to the Commission of Industrial
Relations (CIR). They are misrepresenting several facts.

MISREPRESENTATION: The CIR played a role in why the City laid off 120 workers
recently and public unions and the CIR are contributing to the financial
problems of state and local governments.

FACT: The CIR and public employees' compensation has not caused nor can it solve
the state and local governments' financial problems. The poor economy is the
primary reason for the financial difficulties faced by government.

Our union always has resolved issues with the City and has never taken an issue
to the CIR. In fact, in our last round of negotiations in 2010, our union agreed
to lower the retirement match for new hires and to increase our members'
deductible and out of pocket expenditures for health insurance, resulting in
significant savings to the City and Lincoln's taxpayers.

In the past 35 years, City unions have taken only seven cases to the CIR. Our
review indicates one was settled before the hearing; one was won by the City;
one was won by a union; one is under consideration; and the rest were split
decisions.

John Kretzschmar, with the William Brennan Institute for Labor Studies at UNO,
has said that public unions are not predictive of a state's budget crunch.
"Massachusetts, Montana and New Mexico allow public employee unions and their
budget shortfalls are around 10 percent of state spending. On the other hand,
Arizona, Nevada and North Carolina don't allow public sector public bargaining
and their budget gaps are around 30 percent."

MISREPRESENTATION:

The cities used to compare wages with local public unions are skewed to include
large metropolitan areas; instead, private jobs in the community should be used.

FACT: The CIR has strict rules on what communities can be used in comparability
analyses. Most public unions for Lincoln actually do a joint comparability study
in which the City and union agree on the cities used in the comparability study.

Comparing public jobs to the private sector is more complex than advocates
suggest. Public safety and security costs represent 50.5 percent of the City's
tax-funded budget. There simply are no comparable positions in the private
sector to compare police and firefighters. This leaves managers,
professional/technical workers, bus drivers and laborers, whose positions can be
compared to similar private sector jobs.

The challenge is getting private sector employers to release the total benefit
package they provide employees. Most private employers do not release employees'
compensation packages to their own workforce, let alone to local government,
where the information could become public record.

MISREPRESENTATION: Public employees are overpaid when compared to the private
sector.

FACT: When you conduct a thoughtful, accurate analysis in which you compare
total compensation packages on an "apples to apples" basis, public employees are
slightly underpaid.

In 2010, the Economic Policy Institute asked Jeffery Keefe, Rutgers University's
School of Management and Labor Relations, to examine whether public employees
are overpaid. To make accurate comparisons, Keefe identified a number of control
factors that affect total compensation. These include: educational level; years
of experience; hours of work; organizational size, gender and race. He found
that educational level is an important factor in determining earnings. He found
that 54 percent of public employees have at least a bachelor's degree while only
35 percent of private sector workers have degrees. He also found that the single
most important indicator of employee benefit participation and compensation was
organizational size. He found that smaller companies focus on legally mandated
benefit contributions. As organizational size increases these legally required
benefits represent a smaller percentage of employee benefit costs. Private
employers with more than 500 employees had better total compensation for their
employees than those that had fewer employees. Keefe found that public employees
are slightly underpaid when controlling for key factors.

Only a strong, growing economy can pull state and local governments out of their
financial crisis. Advocates should stop using public employee unions and the CIR
as the scapegoat for governments' financial problems. The truly sad thing about
governments' efforts to balance their budgets by cutting staff is that it points
to more economic difficulties as the demand for goods and services declines for
those government workers being laid off.

Gene Hanlon wrote this on behalf of the Lincoln City Employee Association, a
union representing 561 of Lincoln's city employees.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                              809 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 5, 2009 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Check Your Assumptions at the Home-School Door

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. VA13

LENGTH: 933 words


Dear Extra Credit:

Did you purposefully misrepresent Daneen Smedile's letter of Jan. 15? Her letter
addressed how she got over the guilt of sending her son to school instead of
educating him at home. Your choice of headline tarnished her words by being
inflammatory: "Parent Says Some Things Can't Be Taught at Home."

You must know that you are dangling a red flag in front of bullheaded
home-schoolers like myself. The headline suggests that we read Smedile's letter
as a critique of parents who educate their children at home. With the filter you
applied, I am blinded to her personal story and see only the topics that push
all home-schoolers' buttons: socialization of our children, and how home
educators can be trusted to teach our kids what they need to know.

Please drop your use of cliches about home-schooling families. Schools don't
have a monopoly on teaching kids how to behave in a group, what the words in the
Pledge of Allegiance mean, or even how to write neatly. When people wonder
whether my daughter has friends or participates in group activities, this is
code for asking whether she has a "normal" childhood. When they ask about how I
know my daughter is learning, they are discrediting my judgment and abilities.

I promise not to write to you about classroom bullies, jaded and ill-prepared
teachers, or the perceived necessity to "teach to the test." I will leave those
topics to those of your readers with firsthand experience. If you want to know
what my daughter is learning at home, just ask. I can provide you with a list
that is remarkably similar to Smedile's.

Louisa Tran

Reston

You are right to note that the headline would have been truer to the spirit of
the letter if we had added two words at the end: "By Her." She spoke only of her
personal inadequacies and said she had nothing against what you are doing with
your child. I like the idea of a list showing what you are teaching in your
home, compared to what Smedile says would be beyond her. Please send right away.

Dear Extra Credit:

I was sorry to hear of Ms. Keen's unfortunate experience with unfavorable
home-schooling regulations in Maryland ["Excluding Home-Schoolers Benefits
Nobody," Jan. 22]. Here in Virginia, we are fortunate to have favorable
home-schooling laws. However, home-schooled students aren't allowed to
participate in after-school sports or other school-sponsored activities.

A recent change in legislation allows home-schooled students in Virginia to take
up to two academic classes at the high school serving the student's attendance
area, as long as parents apply to enroll their child by June 1. Placement at
that school is not guaranteed, as it's on a space-available basis. Since most of
our public schools are over-enrolled, it might not be much of an option for many
home-schoolers.

I would love to take advantage of this new legislation for my home-schooled
daughter, but unfortunately, our high school operates on a block schedule
system. Classes are different every other day, and are designated as A or B
days. Given the fact that most weeks have an odd number of school days, one week
might have an ABABA schedule, and the next would be a BABAB.

Why is this a problem for us? My daughter has regularly scheduled commitments,
such as volunteering at the library every Thursday morning. For example, if she
enrolled in a Spanish class at the high school, she would have to give up any
activities that would interfere with a class that has a 50 percent chance of
meeting on those days. We also take advantage of dual enrollment at the
community college, where classes have set days and times. Basically, enrolling
for even one class at a block-scheduled high school would create a logistical
nightmare and severely curtail other activities that are an integral part of my
daughter's educational experience.

Anna Grieco

Chantilly

Until I read your thoughtful letter, I never thought of the conflict that block
scheduling might create for home-schoolers. My view on this is stuck where it
has been for some time. You pay taxes that support the public schools, so you
should be able to use them. I think home-schooling parents do the rest of us a
favor by keeping their children at home, leaving a bit more space for our kids.
If your child wants to join a school team, we should welcome her aboard,
particularly if she has the skills of Heisman Trophy winner and home-schooler
Tim Tebow.

Dear Extra Credit:

I disagree with the idea that home-schoolers should be able to take some classes
and participate in extracurricular activities. Extracurricular activities,
including sports, are as much about building community as they are about
providing activities for individual kids. Including nonstudents in them detracts
from that mission.

Home-schoolers should avail themselves to the activities offered by local
recreation departments. Schools are for students. School choice, including the
choice to home-school, is a wonderful thing. But it's a choice. Parents have to
decide whether having fewer social, athletic and recreational options is worth
the gain of academic control. These parents want to have their cake and eat it,
too.

Sean Tipton

Takoma Park

As I said above, if home-schoolers weren't paying taxes supporting us
non-home-schoolers, I might agree with you. But they are. Also, shouldn't
community builders welcome newcomers, particularly kids who want to help the
team?

Please send your questions, along with your name, e-mail or postal address and
telephone number, to Extra Credit, The Washington Post, 526 King St., Suite 515,
Alexandria, Va. 22314. Or e-mail extracredit@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Alexandria-Arlington

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Julie Zhu

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              810 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                              July 17, 2005 Sunday

COMMENTARY: BALTIMORE RAG MISREPRESENTS RANCHING COUPLE

BYLINE: JOHN DENDAHL

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. G-1

LENGTH: 581 words


Whiff, whiff, whiff. Another lefty batter from the old media team strikes out,
this time reporting on New Mexico.

On June 5, The Baltimore Sun carried two stories by reporter Tom Pelton.

One told of opposition to natural-gas drilling in Northern New Mexico's Valle
Vidal.

The other featured a San Juan County couple, Linn and Tweeti Blancett, drilling
opponents claiming they are being driven out of ranching by companies producing
natural gas.

But they aren't taking it lying down. No, sir.

Linn Blancett, a self-proclaimed lifelong Republican, "has become so
disillusioned by the Bush administration's accelerated leasing of public lands
to drillers that he recently teamed up with the liberal group Greenpeace," said
Pelton.

And Tweeti, reported Pelton, is an outspoken Bush critic, too, from her position
as a director of something called Republicans for Environmental Protection.

"Linn Blancett's brother has also abandoned the family's ranching heritage,"
according to Pelton.

Pelton didn't do all his homework -- or his dog ate it -- and he has refused to
complete the record.

His last e-mail to me was a red herring about Log Cabin Republicans and
Republicans for Choice, along with an I-couldn't-care-less if someone else
writes about his articles' glaring misrepresentations.

The Blancetts' problems with ranching include a nasty suit that brought up
allegations of Linn's attempted misuse of a deed from his father, Richard.

When the matter went to court, Linn lost at the trial level, lost at the Court
of Appeals, then lost a unanimous decision of the state Supreme Court.

I e-mailed a copy of the Supreme Court decision to Pelton and suggested this
important matter should have been included in his tear-jerker about the
Blancetts' departure from ranching.

I also told Pelton that Tweeti's organization, REP, has no relationship to the
Republican Party, supports Democratic office-seekers and Democratic Party
interests and is basically a scam.

No reply, and no action.

Then I received a statement by Linn Blancett's sister-in-law, Sherrie Blancett,
that is a thorough impeachment of Linn and Tweeti's story.

It turns out, says Sherrie Blancett, that Linn's brother hasn't "abandoned"
ranching, as Pelton reported, but continues to ranch with his and Linn's father
on about 30,000 acres. Sherrie says they have "a strong working relationship
with the oil and gas industry."

Two weeks had passed since my first e-mail to Pelton.

His only response was argumentative and self-serving, noting, "The courts didn't
force him off the BLM land that I wrote about in my article."

I sent him Sherrie Blancett's statement, a reminder of the REP scam, and urged
again that Pelton correct the record with a follow-up story.

"Forget it" was the essence of his reply, along with the evasion about other
organizations with "Republican" in their names.

Apparently this blue-state reporter and his paper have the man-bites-dog,
anti-energy-producer story they sought, and they don't want it "colored" with
stubborn, inconvenient facts.

No wonder public confidence in the national "mainstream" media continues to
erode.

Laugh of the Month: Among nicknames his critics have long applied to Gov. Bill
Richardson is Pander Bear.

He gave special meaning to that this month by promising Albuquerque Mayor Marty
Chá vez

$1.5 million (from where remains to be seen) to rescue a panda bear project that
the City Council refused to fund.

Republican activist John Dendahl is a longtime observer of the New Mexico
political scene.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican

                              811 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            January 19, 2001, Friday

ASHCROFT IS SAID TO MISREPRESENT JUDGE'S RECORD

BYLINE: BY GARY FIELDS

SECTION: Section A; Page 4, Column 4

LENGTH: 49 words


Missouri Supreme Court Justice Ronnie White, testifying at Senate confirmation
hearing on Pres-elect Bush's nomination of John Ashcroft as attorney general,
says then-Sen Ashcroft misrepresented his judicial opinions in successful effort
to torpedo his 1999 nomination to federal bench (M)

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              812 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                            November 19, 1999, FINAL

Drudge apologizes, walks away from Fox

BYLINE: Gail Shister, Knight Ridder Newspapers

SECTION: Entertainment; D7

LENGTH: 334 words


In the end, the kid in the fedora blinked first.

After a week of verbal chicken, Matt Drudge Thursday apologized to his bosses at
Fox News Channel, clearing the way for his immediate ''mutual'' departure from
the cable network without a lawsuit.

The drama began Saturday, when the Internet's self-described ''citizen
journalist'' refused to do his weekly show, Drudge, after he was told he could
not show a graphic photo of a 21- week-old fetus undergoing surgery for spina
bifida.

Fox said Drudge would misrepresent the photo as a way to discuss his well-known
anti-abortion views.  Drudge countered with claims of censorship, labelling his
bosses ''overgrown fetuses who hit the panic button.''

By late Monday, Fox lawyers advised the L.A.-based Drudge he was in breach of
contract for walking off his show and publicly defaming the network. If he
didn't apologize, Rupert Murdoch's empire would sue.

Tuesday, Drudge insisted he wouldn't apologize. But after several days of
meetings between him, his agent, Fox's lawyers and Fox News czar Roger Ailes, a
separation agreement was reached. Including an apology.

Sort of.

''I apologize for the comments I made about executives in the heat of the
moment,'' said Drudge, 33, in an interview Thursday, ''but I don't apologize for
walking off the show. I just believe deeply in my conscience. I've made a living
from following my conscience.''

In a statement, Fox quotes Drudge as saying ''I made comments I regret about the
innovative Fox News Channel and its executives.''

He also acknowledges Fox's ''complete editorial control'' over programming,
including Drudge.

John Moody, Fox News' vice president for news, said: ''We felt Mr. Drudge was in
breach of his contract, but we accept his apology and respect his desire to
leave television. (We) wish Mr. Drudge the best in all his future endeavours.''

Drudge was released from the remaining 14 months of his contract, with an
estimated salary of more than $200,000.


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: Matt Drudge

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              813 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  August 6, 1999 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

LAW'S FAKE DRUGGIE EXPOSED

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 159 words


The Knox County, Tenn., sheriff's department created Frankie Lane Gresham, a
fictional drug runner, as part of an undercover probe.

But the department didn't tell the judge who was attempting to try Gresham, the
public defender appointed to defend him or the office trying to prosecute him.

"We should never be in a situation where we misrepresent anything to the court,"
Knox County District Attorney Randy Nichols said in Knoxville. "We're supposed
to be the good guys."

General Sessions Court Judge Bob McGee canceled the warrant against Gresham on
Tuesday as the 10-week charade came to light. McGee said Wednesday that he would
ask Nichols to investigate.

The warrant naming the fictional Gresham was obtained May 21 by Sheriff's Deputy
Robert Manges. But when Gresham failed to appear in court four times, the truth
came out.

"I'm not mad at them for trying to catch crooks, but we need to know about these
things," Nichols said.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: People in the News

                     Copyright 1999 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              814 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                              July 9, 1999, Friday

CIGARETTES DEFECTIVE AND UNREASONABLY DANGEROUS, RULES;
JURY; Tobacco giants to lose billions

BYLINE: By DAVID KIDWELL and MARTIN MERZER in Miami

LENGTH: 459 words


IN the US tobacco industry's most sweeping defeat, a six-member jury

decided manufacturers showed "extreme and outrageous conduct" by

selling a defective product it knew caused a host of fatal illnesses.

The Miami jury which included one smoker and two ex-smokers found

cigarettes "defective and unreasonably dangerous", tobacco companies

made "false or misleading statements" and they concealed material

information.

The verdict could cost the industry hundreds of billions of dollars.

The jury also found the industry conspired to "misrepresent

information relating to the health effects of cigarette smoking", and

acted with "reckless disregard" in selling cigarettes to Florida

smokers.

Although tobacco companies have lost a handful of lawsuits brought by

individual smokers, this is the first loss in a class action.

Industry analysts now predict renewed scrutiny by lawmakers, who are

under pressure to regulate nicotine, and a complete overhaul of the

industry's longstanding defence that its product is neither addictive

nor dangerous.

"The industry faces a serious threat from these cases right now,"

said Ann Gurkin, a tobacco analyst with an investment firm.

The 500,000 Florida smokers who brought the class action will have to

wait for financial compensation. Damages will be decided by the same

jury at a second phase of the trial, now more than a year old. The

smokers' lawyer, Mr Stanley Rosenblatt, has asked for $A300 billion.

After the verdict yesterday, a woman whose husband died from lung

cancer hugged Mr Rosenblatt.

"It's his day," the woman told the lawyer. "The 14th of July will

be two years he's dead. This is his day."

The six jurors deliberated for 61/2 days before agreeing with Mr

Rosenblatt on almost all counts. It took Miami-Dade Circuit Judge

Robert Kaye 14 minutes to read the 12 typewritten pages of the verdict

form.

"It's a historic decision," said Florida's Attorney- General Bob

Butterworth, who filed a suit against tobacco companies that ended in

a $A16.5 billion settlement in 1997.

"Everything is going in the right direction now, and it's moving very

quickly," he said. "We wanted the industry to stop selling to

children and we wanted them to start telling the truth. Instead,

they've been living the big lie for the past four or five decades.

"The big lie has caught up to Big Tobacco big time."

Ten lawyers represented the tobacco manufacturers, including Philip

Morris, R.J. Reynolds, Brown & Williamson, and the Liggett Group.

The other side's "view of the evidence is that smoking isn't

voluntary . . . that smokers are brainwashed into smoking by herds of

horses and cowboys", said defence lawyer Robert Heim during closing

arguments.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              815 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     June 17, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Editorials;
 Christian Coalition's status clear

BYLINE: Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 385 words

The Internal Revenue Service has long maintained that Pat Robertson's political
creation waddles, quacks and flaps its wings like a duck of the Republican
persuasion. With all those similarities, the Christian Coalition's claim to be
an impartial political-education organization was impossible to sustain. Last
week, the coalition finally gave up trying.

Let no one misrepresent the IRS position in this case as an abridgement of
devout Americans' free speech. The coalition can take any political position and
endorse any candidate it chooses. It just can't do so and qualify for a tax
exemption.

Evidence of the coalition's pronounced partiality abounds, as countless
candidates who have sought its blessing in GOP primaries nationwide might attest
(if they weren't afraid of attracting the organization's wrath).

Then there is the unguarded testimony of Robertson himself two years ago at a
coalition conclave in Atlanta --- remarks he made in what he thought was a
closed-door meeting. Comparing the coalition to New York's Tammany Hall, he took
credit for the Republicans' capturing control of Congress and went on to say,
"Look, we put you in power in 1994, and we want you to deliver . . . This is
your agenda. This is what you're going to do this year."

That hardly sounds like a disinterested political do-gooder.

So what does the group's clarified status mean? First, it owes more than $
300,000 in back taxes, not exactly a small matter considering its recent dropoff
in members and donations. Second and more important, churches may be leery of
accepting the coalition's voter guides for fear of jeopardizing their own
tax-exempt status.

Those guides, purportedly informational, have barely skirted the law against
making political endorsements. For instance, a guide in the 1994 Senate race in
Virginia smeared the Democratic incumbent, Charles Robb, as favoring
government-financed obscenity simply because he had voted to fund the National
Endowment for the Arts. That's a malicious exaggeration, to put it mildly.

Undaunted, Robertson says he'll turn one wing of the coalition into a political
organization and another into a nonpartisan voter-education foundation.

So you can count on a straight answer from him about his political entanglements
at least half of the time.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
A caricature of Pat Robertson / KERRY WAGHORN / Special

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                              816 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 7, 2016 Saturday

Letter: Hatch misrepresents Utah unions

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 200 words


I have finished reading Sen. Orrin Hatch's op-ed regarding his "Employee Rights
Act" bill, and I am amazed at the misinformation he has been given about unions.

I have been fortunate enough to be the president of the Utah AFL-CIO and have
spent my 40-plus years in the building trades.

During my time my union has always represented me, regardless if I was a helper,
apprentice or journeyman. The unions gave me the opportunity to train and
consistently upgrade my skills so I would be more valuable to myself and my
employer.

The unions gave me access to affordable health care for me and my family, and I
paid into a pension for every hour I worked so that when I retire I can retire
with dignity and not be a burden to my family or the state.

I am happy with my union and how they have treated me and my family. If Hatch's
staff had done their research in Utah, the state he represents, it would have
been very clear to him that organized labor, as a whole, is bipartisan, and when
we interview candidates that come to us asking for our endorsement, we interview
both Republicans and Democrats. If their agenda matches that of the working
families in Utah then they are endorsed.

Dale M. Cox

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              817 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             March 26, 2002 Tuesday

Misleading stories about school

SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 541 words


WHEN people misrepresent facts that directly affect the safety of our students,
they should be held accountable. The National Trust for Historic Preservation
and Save San Mateo High School favor Alternative Nine, which involves preserving
the San Mateo High School building over the plan to build a new school. So, to
gain support for their position they have publicly stated that Alternative Nine
complies with the Field Act. This is simply not true, but this misrepresentation
allows them to mislead the public into believing that this very risky
alternative is seismically safe.

In less polite terms, this is called lying.

Enacted in 1934, the Field Act ensures that all public school construction is
seismically safe. To put this in perspective, had this act been passed seven
years earlier, the San Mateo High School building we see today would not exist.
The structural engineering would never have been approved.

The Division of State Architect is responsible for ensuring that all public
school construction complies with the Field Act. Before a school can be built,
it must receive DSA approval. In reviewing plans, the DSA applies Field Act
standards regarding accepted materials, strengths, tolerances and construction
methods.

However, these standards cannot necessarily be applied to materials and
construction methods in older buildings. So, a school district can choose to use
the State Historic Building Code instead of the more stringent Field Act.
However, the DSA must still review the proposed structural plan and decide
whether it can be considered equivalent to new construction which is Field Act
compliant.

Since the historic building code was not designed to address structural issues,
it is rarely, if ever, used for such purposes. So, the DSA is justifiably very
careful when evaluating such proposals. And Alternative Nine involves a very,
very unusual proposal.

The approval process for Alternative Nine would undoubtedly be extremely lengthy
and complicated. It would involve extensive testing of existing materials and,
assuming satisfactory results, the creation of a complete engineering analysis
based on those results. Only then could the DSA begin to consider the proposed
structural concept.

But that does not mean it will be approved. The district could easily spend
several years and large amounts of bond money, only to have the proposal turned
down by the DSA should it feel that the safety of the students would be
compromised.

These people have made many misrepresentations over the past nine months, but to
date, they have usually been able to accompany them with some strained
rationalization. With this latest lie, there is no wiggle room.

This alternative does not currently comply with the Field Act and therefore
cannot be considered safe for our students. And, given the available evidence,
any objective person would conclude that the chances of it ever being approved
are, at best, very slim. Common sense tells us that, when it comes to public
schools, we should use nothing other than tested, proven technologies. In that
respect, this alternative does not remotely qualify.

Ann van Oppen is a parent of a San Mateo High School student and lives in
Hillsborough.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers

                              818 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Drive Edition

WITHOUT INFRASTRUCTURE, ABOUT $1B IN NATURAL GAS WAS BURNED OFF LAST YEAR ;
Oil industry works to cut flaring across North Dakota

BYLINE: JAY F. MARKS, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 638 words


On the heels of a report indicating oil producers in North Dakota wasted about
$1 billion worth of natural gas last year, industry officials said they are
working to reduce flaring.

Producers resort to flaring, or burning off natural gas, in North Dakota's
sprawling Bakken Shale play because the state does not have adequate midstream
infrastructure to get it to market.

The Bakken has developed as an oil play, propelling North Dakota to its current
status as the United States' No. 2 oil producer, so it doesn't have a lot of
natural gas infrastructure, officials said.

A report issued Monday by sustainability advocate Ceres shows flaring has more
than doubled over the past two years in North Dakota.

"In 2012 alone, flaring resulted in the loss of approximately $1 billion in fuel
and the GHG (greenhouse gas) emissions equivalent of adding one million cars to
the road," the report states.

Jeff Hume, vice chairman of strategic growth initiatives at Oklahoma City-based
Continental Resources Inc., said the Ceres report misrepresents what is
happening in North Dakota by using "alarmist" statistics about how much natural
gas is being flared.

"I think everybody's working pretty hard to bring this product to market," he
said.

Hume said such efforts are necessary because pipelines are the only way to get
natural gas to market. It can't be trucked like oil.

Oil production skyrocketed to a record 810,000 barrels a day in May, bringing
with it a bounty of natural gas, according to the North Dakota Industrial
Commission's department of mineral resources.

"This gas is produced along with the oil," agency spokeswoman Alison Ritter
said.

The Ceres report cites data from the state indicating nearly 30 percent of the
natural gas being produced in North Dakota is being flared.

Ritter said everyone agrees that figure it too high, so producers and midstream
companies are working together to connect wells with pipeline systems that can
carry that natural gas to market.

She said the agency's data indicates newly drilled wells in North Dakota are
getting connected to midstream systems more quickly, while producers continue
working to tie in older wells.

ONEOK Partners LP is doing its part to move more gas from the wellhead to the
marketplace. The Tulsa-based firm is spending up to $1.8 billion to build gas
processing plants and related infrastructure in North Dakota.

Spokesman Brad Borror said ONEOK Partners has built three process plants capable
of handling 300 million cubic feet of gas a day since December 2011. It will
build two more by 2015.

"That kind of capacity is needed up in that area," he said.

Trying to catch up

Borror said midstream companies have been playing catch-up in North Dakota as
production continues to grow.

"It's just the nature of the business," Borror said. "We chase the producers, so
to speak."

"The clock starts ticking on that from the time a rig begins drilling."

The Ceres report called for stronger regulations and increased cooperation among
producers in North Dakota to limit flaring, which could continue to rise along
with overall production in the state.

"If Bakken producers and North Dakota regulators are able to generate economic
solutions to the problem of flaring, ideally those solutions would be replicable
in the Eagle Ford, Permian and other U.S. oil plays, generating positive
outcomes for a variety of stakeholders," the report states. "Undoubtedly, no
investor, regulator or producer wants to see billions of dollars of product go
up in flames."

Continental's Hume said infrastructure is catching up quickly with producers in
North Dakota.

Continental, which flared 10.8 percent of its North Dakota gas in May, already
has two-thirds of its wells connected to pipelines, but there still is not
enough processing capacity in place.

"It will happen," he said.


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              819 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 10, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Vioxx timeline

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 319 words


Key events in the saga of Vioxx, once a blockbuster painkiller. Its maker, Merck
& Co., faced lawsuits from 47,000 people and for years said it would fight them
individually, but now has agreed to pay $4.85 billion to settle.

1999: U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves Vioxx for treatment of
arthritis and acute pain.

June 2000: Merck, based in Whitehouse Station, N.J., gives FDA results of a
study known as VIGOR, in which patients taking Vioxx had five times the heart
attacks of those taking an older pain reliever, naproxen, that Merck contended
protected the heart.

September 2001: FDA sends Merck a warning letter saying a promotional campaign
"minimizes the potentially serious cardiovascular findings" and "misrepresents
the safety profile of Vioxx."

Sept. 30, 2004: Merck voluntarily withdraws Vioxx from the market after halting
its own study that showed Vioxx doubles risk of heart attack or stroke.

February 2005: FDA panel concludes Vioxx and other similar drugs all pose heart
risks, but can remain on sale.

Aug. 19, 2005: In the first Vioxx trial, a Texas jury awards $253.4 million to
the widow of Robert Ernst, who died in May 2001. Texas punitive damage caps
later cut that to about $26 million.

Feb. 17, 2006: In a retrial after a hung jury, federal jurors in New Orleans
clear Merck in the May 2001 death of Richard "Dicky" Irvin.

April 12, 2007: A federal judge dismisses a securities class action lawsuit
alleging Merck had defrauded investors by concealing information about Vioxx's
safety risks, because the statute of limitations expired.

Sept. 6, 2007: New Jersey's Supreme Court rejects a potential class-action
lawsuit brought on behalf of health insurance plans seeking to recoup what they
paid for Vioxx, setting the stage for individual lawsuits.

Nov. 9, 2007: Merck says it will pay $4.85 billion to end thousands of Vioxx
lawsuits. It's one of the largest drug settlements ever.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              820 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Oakland must stop deceptive abortion advertisements (East Bay Times guest
commentary)

BYLINE: By Annie Campbell Washington and Barbara J. ParkerEast Bay Times My Word

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 634 words


Go to a search engine and enter the terms "abortion clinic" and the name of your
city. You probably won't be surprised to see ads offering "abortion
consultation" that is "100 percent confidential" from "sensitive and caring
staff."

What may surprise you is that these ads often don't take you to real health care
clinics. Instead, many of them take you to facilities that misrepresent
themselves as medical clinics or objective health care counselors when, in
reality, they are fronts for activists whose sole purpose is to delay and
obstruct women's ability to exercise their constitutional right to abortion.

Misleading or lying to pregnant women who are seeking time-sensitive medical
care can be extremely harmful. Last month, we introduced the Pregnancy
Information Disclosure and Protection Ordinance in Oakland to call attention to
this fraud and to send a clear message to those responsible: Our city will not
stand for intentional deception of patients seeking health care.

On July 5, the Oakland City Council approved the ordinance, which is cosponsored
by Councilman Abel Guillén and Councilwoman Rebecca Kaplan. Ordinances require a
second vote before becoming law, so please join us at City Hall on Tuesday to
ensure that a woman's right to make reproductive health care choices is not
compromised by the false and deceptive tactics of anti-choice facilities.

When women responding to ads enter these facilities, commonly known as crisis
pregnancy centers (CPCs), they are hit with a barrage of medical misinformation.

Many CPCs tell women that abortion causes breast cancer, infertility and mental
health problems -- all claims that have been thoroughly debunked by the medical
community.

They often exaggerate the likelihood of miscarriage to convince women that they
may not even need to seek abortion services. And they use shame and manipulation
to push women toward continuing their pregnancies, regardless of their
circumstances or personal choices.

While many of us feel protected in a pro-choice state, there are nearly 200 of
these CPCs in California alone, including at least one in Oakland, according to
NARAL ProChoice California.

When NARAL conducted an undercover investigation of California CPCs,
investigators found that 91 percent of centers they visited falsely linked
abortion to health problems, so-called post abortion stress syndrome and even
death.

Deceiving women to get them in the door is a core element of the CPC model.

They use deliberately vague and misleading advertising to target what they call
"abortion-minded" women. They purchase pay-to-click ads for search terms like
"abortion" and "abortion clinic," and advertise "abortion information,"
"consultation" or even "pre-abortion appointments."

They often locate near legitimate reproductive health clinics and try to mimic
their appearance and language.

The ordinance we are sponsoring in Oakland prohibits false, misleading and/or
deceptive statements that confuse and jeopardize the health and well-being of
women who are seeking critical health care services.

The law also grants the city attorney the power to sue violators and collect
civil penalties and attorney's fees, helping to put an end to these injustices
against women.

We introduced this law because we want women to be aware that these phony
clinics exist, and we want to send a clear message that false advertising and
deceptive business practices will not be tolerated in Oakland.

Oakland respects the activists' right to express their views and counsel against
abortion. If their message is truly compelling, they should have no problem
being honest about what they do and do not offer. If they refuse to be honest,
Oakland is ready to hold them accountable.

Annie Campbell Washington is Oakland Vice Mayor. Barbara J. Parker is Oakland
City Attorney.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              821 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Oakland must stop deceptive abortion advertisements (East Bay Times guest
commentary)

BYLINE: By Annie Campbell Washington and Barbara J. ParkerEast Bay Times My Word

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Go to a search engine and enter the terms "abortion clinic" and the name of your
city. You probably won't be surprised to see ads offering "abortion
consultation" that is "100 percent confidential" from "sensitive and caring
staff."

What may surprise you is that these ads often don't take you to real health care
clinics. Instead, many of them take you to facilities that misrepresent
themselves as medical clinics or objective health care counselors when, in
reality, they are fronts for activists whose sole purpose is to delay and
obstruct women's ability to exercise their constitutional right to abortion.

Misleading or lying to pregnant women who are seeking time-sensitive medical
care can be extremely harmful. Last month, we introduced the Pregnancy
Information Disclosure and Protection Ordinance in Oakland to call attention to
this fraud and to send a clear message to those responsible: Our city will not
stand for intentional deception of patients seeking health care.

On July 5, the Oakland City Council approved the ordinance, which is cosponsored
by Councilman Abel Guillén and Councilwoman Rebecca Kaplan. Ordinances require a
second vote before becoming law, so please join us at City Hall on Tuesday to
ensure that a woman's right to make reproductive health care choices is not
compromised by the false and deceptive tactics of anti-choice facilities.

When women responding to ads enter these facilities, commonly known as crisis
pregnancy centers (CPCs), they are hit with a barrage of medical misinformation.

Many CPCs tell women that abortion causes breast cancer, infertility and mental
health problems -- all claims that have been thoroughly debunked by the medical
community.

They often exaggerate the likelihood of miscarriage to convince women that they
may not even need to seek abortion services. And they use shame and manipulation
to push women toward continuing their pregnancies, regardless of their
circumstances or personal choices.

While many of us feel protected in a pro-choice state, there are nearly 200 of
these CPCs in California alone, including at least one in Oakland, according to
NARAL ProChoice California.

When NARAL conducted an undercover investigation of California CPCs,
investigators found that 91 percent of centers they visited falsely linked
abortion to health problems, so-called post abortion stress syndrome and even
death.

Deceiving women to get them in the door is a core element of the CPC model.

They use deliberately vague and misleading advertising to target what they call
"abortion-minded" women. They purchase pay-to-click ads for search terms like
"abortion" and "abortion clinic," and advertise "abortion information,"
"consultation" or even "pre-abortion appointments."

They often locate near legitimate reproductive health clinics and try to mimic
their appearance and language.

The ordinance we are sponsoring in Oakland prohibits false, misleading and/or
deceptive statements that confuse and jeopardize the health and well-being of
women who are seeking critical health care services.

The law also grants the city attorney the power to sue violators and collect
civil penalties and attorney's fees, helping to put an end to these injustices
against women.

We introduced this law because we want women to be aware that these phony
clinics exist, and we want to send a clear message that false advertising and
deceptive business practices will not be tolerated in Oakland.

Oakland respects the activists' right to express their views and counsel against
abortion. If their message is truly compelling, they should have no problem
being honest about what they do and do not offer. If they refuse to be honest,
Oakland is ready to hold them accountable.

Annie Campbell Washington is Oakland Vice Mayor. Barbara J. Parker is Oakland
City Attorney.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              822 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Commercial-News (Danville, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

Vikings fall short against Raiders

BYLINE: Chad Dare, Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 844 words


Feb. 06--BLOOMINGTON -- Winning will always been the ultimate goal for Danville
boys basketball coach Ted Houpt.

And while his Vikings came up short on Friday night against the Bloomington
Purple Raiders, 61-56, in a Big 12 Conference contest, Houpt found plenty of
positives.

"I don't want to misrepresent how I feel about winning, but I feel good, I'm
proud of this team," said Houpt, who wasn't pleased a week earlier when Danville
lost in overtime to Peoria Richwoods. "This was a fantastic Big 12 Conference
boys basketball game. I feel like we are getting better.

"After a slow start last week at Richwoods, we have played a lot of good
basketball."

Danville (10-11 overall, 2-6 in the Big 12) not only gave Bloomington (18-4
overall, 7-0 in the Big 12) all it could handle, the Vikings actually took a
38-37 lead late in the third quarter on the second of two 3-pointers by
sophomore Caleb Griffin.

Quite a difference from the first time these two teams played, when the Raiders
scored 50 points in the second and third quarters on their way to a 78-52
victory at the Pontiac Holiday Tournament.

"We knew this was going to be a fight for us," Bloomington coach Michael Mosley
said. "We knew their attitude was going to be strong, because they have been in
every game. Their record could be completely different.

"They just don't quit."

Even in the fourth quarter when Bloomington built a nine-point lead (50-41) and
a 10-point lead (58-48).

Daylen Williams and Nico Johnson hit back-to-back 3s in the final 20 seconds,
pulling Danville within 60-54 but there just wasn't enough time left for the
Vikings.

"We fought hard. That is probably the hardest I've seen us play," said Danville
junior Nico Johnson, who finished with a team-high 15 points to go along with
four assists. "We were relentless tonight. Coach told us to not get down,
regardless of what happens.

"The last time we played them, they started flying high and dunking on us and we
were just looking with amazement. This time, we fought back."

And it wasn't like Bloomington, who has a share of the Big 12 Conference lead
with Peoria Manual, had an off-night.

The Raiders shot 42 percent (22-of-52) from the field, including a very nice
8-of-19 from 3-point range and they committed just 11 turnovers.

"I think Bloomington played really well tonight," Houpt said. "They hit some
really tough shots. That is an effort that we can live with. It send the message
to ourselves that we can beat a lot of teams.

"There were times when they started to pull away, and we've seen that before
against Bloomington, but each time, we came back -- all the way to the end."

It was Bloomington's 3-point shooting in the first half (6-of-13) that allowed
the Raiders to build a 28-22 lead.

"The last time we played Bloomington at Pontiac, their bigs hurt us early and
often," Houpt said. "We made sure to keep a body on them in the zone tonight,
and then we tried to contest the 3s.

"Against a good team like Bloomington, you got to give up something, and they
knocked down those shots -- including a banked 3-point shot from the top of the
key."

Bloomington junior guard Charles Payton, who has a handful of Division I offers,
was 3-for-4 from 3-point range in the first half. He finished with a game-high
27 points after scoring 24 in the first meeting. Senior guard Ilijah Donnelly
was the only other player in double figures for the Raiders with 14 points and
four steals.

Danville had a very balanced attack on Friday night. Johnson led the way with
15, while sophomore guard Kendle Moore contributed 14 and senior center Jordan
Cunningham had 13 to go along with seven rebounds. Williams and Griffin, both
sophomores, each chipped in with six points.

"This is what we've been looking for this season, and we've seen it in flashes,
but there is something about what happened tonight that give me a feeling that
this is where we are going to turn the corner and close the year really strong,"
Houpt said. "This was one of the better games that I've seen this year from both
teams combined.

"That's why I'm so excited it because we saw different people doing things in
the same game."

It wasn't that long ago the Bloomington was in a similar position to where
Danville is this year.

"Danville is close," Mosley said. "I reminded (coach Houpt) how we came back and
I see us running in similar paths.

"Both teams have talent."

Now, the Vikings need to put it together and get a Big 12 Conference victory.

Danville will looking to snap a five-game league losing streak next Friday at
home against the Urbana Tigers, who the Vikings defeated 59-48 on Jan. 5 in
Urbana.

"We can't complain," Johnson said. "We fought hard.

"Now, we get ready to play Urbana."

In the junior-varsity contest, Danville defeated Bloomington 76-63. Julian Pearl
had a team-high 20 points for the Vikings, while Tristan Pratt (13), Adam
Forthenberry (12) and Blaize Cobb (11) were also in double figures.

___ (c)2016 the Commercial-News (Danville, Ill.) Visit the Commercial-News
(Danville, Ill.) at www.commercial-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160206-DQ-Vikings-fall-short-against-Raiders-0206-20160206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DQ


                         Copyright 2016 Commercial-News

                              823 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JUNE 29, 1995 Thursday FINAL EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 797 words


PHILA. ROOFER GETS PRISON

FOR DEFRAUDING CUSTOMERS

A Philadelphia roofer who damaged perfectly good roofs so he could sell
customers new ones was sentenced yesterday to 40 months in federal prison for
conspiracy. Michael Lomberg, who owned and operated DePalma Roofing Cos. and
several other roofing businesses, had pleaded guilty to the conspiracy charge
last March.

In all, Lomberg swindled Philadelphia-area residents out of more than $1
million, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert A. Kauffman. Lomberg, 36, directed
his workers to deceive customers and misrepresent the condition of their roofs,
increasing the cost several times, Kauffman said.

To add insult to injury, the prosecutor said, the customers paid for roofing
material that was often installed improperly or not at all. Kauffman said
Lomberg's sentence was near the top of the federal guideline range and was meant
to send a message to other would-be criminals.

JURORS IN MR. SOFTEE KILLING

ASK ABOUT MURDER DEGREES

The jury in the trial of 16-year-old Neil Lyew, who is charged with killing the
driver of a Mr. Softee truck during a robbery attempt, deliberated for about
eight hours yesterday without reaching a verdict.

The victim, Mohammad Jaberipour, 49, had been on his Mr. Softee route for less
than two weeks when he was shot to death June 15, 1994. Lawyers for both sides
wrapped up their closing arguments Tuesday afternoon. The nine-woman, three-man
jury broke off deliberations after about an hour Tuesday and resumed them at 9
a.m. yesterday. The jury was expected to reconvene at 9 a.m. today.

The jury has emerged twice in the last two days to ask the judge to explain the
difference between first- and second-degree murder. A conviction on either
charge means life imprisonment without parole.

STATE POLICE SEEKING LEADS

IN THEFT OF PIG SCULPTURE

State police are trying to find out who made off with a solid bronze, 400- pound
pig sculpture that sat outside the Brandywine River Museum, in Chadds Ford.

The sculpture of a reclining pig, valued at $40,000, disappeared late Saturday
or early Sunday, said Lucinda Laird, museum spokeswoman. The sculpture, by
Wilmington artist Andre Harvey, sat between the riverbank and the museum. The
statue is 63-by-20-by-32 inches.

Anyone with information in the case should call the state police barracks at
Media at 610-459-4150.

POLICE RECOVER 35 GUNS

STOLEN IN DELAWARE ROBBERY

State and federal officials said 35 handguns recovered in a weekend gun shop
robbery in New Castle, Del., would likely have been sold on the black market.

Police recovered the guns several hours after they were allegedly stolen Sunday
from Blacksheep Sports. Shop owner Thomas P. Smith, 58, was shot once in the
head "execution-style," police said. Police have three suspects, all of
Brooklyn, N.Y., in custody and are "very confident they recovered all the guns
and ammunition taken from the store, said Col. Alan D. Ellingsworth, state
police superintendent.

Lawrence G. Johnson, 16; Jermaine Barnett, 22; and Hector Barrow, 23, were
charged with first-degree murder, robbery, conspiracy and possessing a deadly
weapon during a felony. Barnett and Barrow are being held in Gander Hill Prison
in Wilmington and Johnson in New Castle County Detention Center near Mill Creek.
All were held without bail.

MAN CRITICALLY WOUNDED

IN CAMDEN AFTER SHOOTOUT

William W. Wigley, 35, of Haddon Heights, was critically wounded late Tuesday
night inside a car at Filmore and Viola Streets in Camden.

Police, responding to a report of shots being fired at 11:45 p.m. discovered
several vehicles on the street with bullet holes. A pool of blood was observed
near a gray 1990 Lincoln, police said. Officers were unable to find any victims
at the scene, but witnesses said they saw a wounded man get into a red vehicle
and leave.

Police located a red vehicle matching the car's description at Cooper
Hospital-University Medical Center, with the driver's side door and seat covered
in blood. Wigley was in the hospital's emergency room with gunshot wounds to the
face, leg, thigh and left arm. He remained in critical condition last night.

YORK COUNTY RESCUERS FIND

BOY, 7, DROWNED IN CREEK

Dozens of professional and volunteer search teams in canoes, kayaks and
helicopters scoured a York County creek for three days, searching for a 7-
year-old boy.

Their search ended Tuesday when Ivan Dudley's body was found floating in the
rain-swollen Codorus Creek, less than a mile from where he fell in while playing
with friends Saturday evening.

Ivan was playing with two other boys along the banks of Poorhouse Run around
6:30 p.m. when all three fell into the water and were caught in the current. The
other two were able to climb out.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              824 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 19, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

New Refrigerators: Just How Friendly To Ozone Layer?

BYLINE: By MATTHEW L. WALD

SECTION: Section C;  Page 2;  Column 1;  Home Desk

LENGTH: 1283 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 18


Turning necessity into a virtue, four big refrigerator manufacturers are crowing
that they have helped save the environment by removing chlorofluorocarbons,
which destroy the earth's protective ozone layer, from the compressors in their
new models.

In fact, they must eliminate the chemicals, known as CFC's, because an
international treaty decrees that after the end of this year, these compounds
cannot be legally produced for use in this country. But the redesigned
refrigerators will still damage the ozone because of another chemical the
manufacturers have started using in foam insulation for the refrigerator walls,
something the companies are not advertising.

"They're saying the refrigerators are ozone safe, but they're really just ozone
safer," said John Passacantando, the executive director of Ozone Action, a
Washington environmental group. Ozone Action and the Environmental Law
Foundation in Oakland, Calif., say they filed suit today in California against
four manufacturers and marketers, Amana, General Electric, Sears, Roebuck and
Whirlpool, accusing them of deceptive advertising.

In addition, the Federal Trade Commission has been discussing the ads with at
least some of those companies. The commission's guidelines say: "It is deceptive
to misrepresent, directly or by implication, that a product is safe for or
'friendly' to the ozone layer. A claim that a product does not harm the ozone
layer is deceptive if the product contains an ozone-depleting substance."

But the manufacturers say that they have an environmental dilemma, because the
chemical they are using in the foam, while it does do some ozone damage, is
extremely helpful in saving energy and thus in preventing other kinds of
pollution. The arguments are over CFC's and two other classes of chemicals that
even engineers find hard to pronounce: hydrochlorofluorocarbons, known as
HCFC's, and hydrofluorocarbons, or HFC's.

Many of the ads say simply that the refrigerators have no CFC's, which is true.
But they use a substitute product, an HCFC, to create the bubbles in the foam
wall panels. HCFC's may be used for that purpose until 2003.

The Federal Trade Commission cites HCFC's in its example of a deceptive claim.
The guidelines give an example of an aerosol product that contains HCFC's, which
are being used more and more widely as a substitute for CFC's because they are
less damaging to the ozone. "Because the claim 'Contains no CFC's' may imply to
reasonable consumers that the product does not harm the ozone layer, the claim
is deceptive," the commission's guidelines say. A commission spokesman said that
he could not say whether an investigation was going on.

The two environmental groups filed their suit in California because it has a
"green label" statute that defines the term "ozone friendly." Hannah Bentley, a
lawyer with the Environmental Law Foundation, said that an amendment passed by
the California Legislature earlier this year would make the environmentalists'
case even stronger after Dec. 31, because from that date on, green-label
definitions will be borrowed directly from the Federal Trade Commission
guidelines.

At Amana, a subsidiary of Ray theon, Ann Humbert, a spokeswoman, said today that
its advertising is accurate: "We were the first in the industry to eliminate
CFC's from both foam and refrigerators in our entire product line. We did this
well in advance of the deadline, and we're extremely proud of that
accomplishment."

The environmentalists' complaint has some irony for the manufacturers. A model
the two groups are complaining about was developed under the Super Efficient
Refrigerator Program, which was an environmental effort by electric utilities.
They paid a bounty to the manufacturers to come up with a model that used
substantially less electricity, thereby reducing power plants' pollutants,
including those that contribute to acid rain and global warming.

The superefficient refrigerator has no CFC's either but does use HCFC's in its
insulation. That insulation is a higher-quality version of the foam used in
packaging, with precisely controlled bubble sizes.

European manufacturers now make the bubbles with a hydrocarbon, cyclopentane.
But Vincent P. Anderson, the director of environmental programs at the Whirlpool
Corporation, said, "We've got a real dilemma here from an environmental point of
view," because a refrigerator with cyclopentane bubbles would use 10 percent
more electricity. "There's not a perfect solution out there," he added.

The manufacturers are also struggling to meet Federal energy-efficiency
standards, a kind of gasoline mileage rule for refrigerators, and if they had to
give up the HCFC's in the foam, they would have to take other steps to regain
efficiency.

Another problem is that cyclopentane might leak from the foam into food in the
refrigerators, manufacturers say.

Experts differ on how ozone-hostile HCFC's are. The refrigerator manufacturers
say that HCFC's are only 10 percent as potent as CFC's, formerly used as blowing
agents. Ozone Action says that this may be so over 100 years, but in the next
20, each HCFC molecule is 20 percent as effective as a CFC molecule in breaking
up the ozone. The next 20 years are more important than the following 80, Ozone
Action argues, because that is when the maximum ozone depletion is expected to
occur.

Beyond 20 years, with global production of CFC's sharply cut, the natural
formation of ozone molecules will exceed the rate of man-made destruction. In
the interim, scientists say that a thinner ozone layer means that more of the
sun's harmful ultraviolet rays will reach the surface of the earth, damaging
plants, animals and people.

Some HCFC's escape to the atmosphere during the manufacture of insulating foam.
Some stay in the foam for the life of the refrigerator. But when the
refrigerator's life is over, the foam will eventually break down, and the gases
will escape. Likewise, at some point the refrigerant will leak from the cooling
system and bleed out into the atmosphere.

There is also an irony in attacking the refrigerator as a threat to health.
Refrigeration of food is one of the great aids to human health. But if the
technology can be made more benign, it should be, the environmentalists argue.

Another issue for the environmentalists is the manufacturers' choice of a
substitute refrigerant for the compressors. They are using HFC's, which do not
deplete the ozone but do add to global warming. Ozone Action favors hydrocarbons
and points to Europe, where a once-faltering refrigerator manufacturer in the
former East Germany switched to a butane mixture, similar to the fuel in some
cigarette lighters. The company, Foron, has sold millions of these refrigerators
since they were introduced in March 1993. Greenpeace paid for the first 10
prototypes in July 1992.

Whirlpool also makes refrigerators in Europe that use butane, but Mr. Anderson,
the company's environmental director, said that the technology was not ready for
use in the United States. Few European refrigerators are frost-free, he said,
but American consumers demand that feature and the blower and heater needed for
frost-free models could ignite the butane if it ever leaked from the compressor.
The five ounces of refrigerant used in a full-size refrigerator could be
sufficient to sustain an explosion, he said, and "the doors would come flying
open."

The major contribution to global warming from a refrigerator, he said, comes
from burning fossil fuels in power plants. Make the machine more efficient, Mr.
Anderson said, and the global-warming impact will be lower, even if the
refrigerant contributes to it.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Details of refrigerator ads for, from left, General Electric,
Amana and Sears, with claims that have prompted a lawsuit.

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                              825 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           November 30, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Defrocked priest says we're missing Christ's point

BYLINE: Grania Litwin, Times Colonist

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 799  words


What: Talks by theologian Miceal Ledwith

Where: Mary Winspear Centre, Sidney

When: 7:30 p.m. tomorrow and 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday

Tickets: Tomorrow $40, seniors and students $25. Saturday $100. Both talks,
$125, seniors and students $75 at the door or call 655-1236.

- - -

Nothing misrepresents the teachings of Christ more than the crucifix, says
Miceal Ledwith, defrocked Catholic priest and former adviser to the Pope.

People might as well pray to the wheelchair that a teacher sits in, says the
former professor of theology who will speak in Sidney this weekend, after recent
talks in New York.

"So much of what Jesus truly was has been lost or suppressed. He was not an idol
to be worshipped, but an immensely magnificent and powerful being who wanted to
empower us all to be like him," says Ledwith, who was ordained a Catholic priest
in 1967.

He was also one of several scholars featured in two recent What the Bleep
movies, which tie religious questions into a quantum physics perspective.

"The teachings of Jesus in pure form, his message about what the spirit can
accomplish in the human body, have never reached those for whom they were
intended," says Ledwith.

The now-retired Ledwith, 63, who comes from Dublin and lives in Washington
state, had a stellar career in the church before starting to make these
statements. He was professor at the Pontifical University of Maynooth in
Ireland, then dean of theology, vice-president and finally president. Later, as
vice-chancellor of the National University of Ireland, he chaired a committee of
heads of Irish universities. For 17 years he was also a member of a small group
of theologians who advised the Pope on theological matters. For 16 of those
years the commission was chaired by Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger, now Pope Benedict
XVI.

"I had been reading the New and Old Testaments for years and gradually began to
realize there is precious little there about the life of Jesus," says Ledwith,
in explaining his detachment from church bureaucracy. "More than 80 per cent is
missing. We are supposed to believe he spent the time from age 12 to 30 in a
carpentry shop? Well if you can do that and then come out and heal the sick,
walk on water and raise the dead, we should all be taking up carpentry."

Ledwith believes that Jesus journeyed through India and Tibet during those
years, learning from sages and "evolving himself . . . preparing the way for you
and me to follow."

Religious leaders regard that as blasphemy, "because they want us to worship
Jesus, not imitate him." That also suits those who prefer to light a few
candles, perform some rituals, "pay their insurance policy so to speak," and
take no responsibility for personal growth.

Dr. Martin Adam, a Buddhism specialist in UVic's religious studies program, says
there is no evidence Jesus lived in India, although some oral traditions suggest
he did. "It takes a few leaps of faith and a little bit of imagination. But it
is not out of the question," Adam says. "There was a huge period when we don't
know what Jesus was up to and it's a very interesting idea. In any case, it's
the message we should care about, not the messenger."

Murdith McLean, associate director of UVic's centre for Studies and Religion in
Society, agrees Ledwith is opening up some interesting discussions. "Faith
should never be used to shut down inquiry or growth, and we sometimes get
fixated on the message, and have a tendency to tame God . . . in a crazy way
that can sometimes be used to shut off new thinking,"

Religion was never meant to be wrapped up in a perfect little formula and
protected so no one ever rethinks, or rediscovers anything, he says. "Of course,
we can also get carried away and carry things too far . . . but I believe it is
a very good thing to have this dialogue," because it opens the door to the
reworking of religions.

"Jesus was far more magnificent than the old picture of what we're fed,"
concludes Ledwith.

"In the Gospel of Thomas, Jesus says: 'Split a piece of wood; I am there. Lift
up the stone, and you will find me there.' He is telling us about something that
suffuses all things. God is much more a verb than a noun, and his teaching is
about empowerment."

Ledwith is similarly outspoken on the topic of prayer: "When you express what
you want, that makes sure you never get it. When you ask, wish, hope, desire,
implore, beg for something -- that means you don't have it. And according to
pure quantum physics we attract into our orbit what we have accepted and
believe. When you pray, you must believe it is already yours.

"It has little to do with words, it is a state of mind."

Ledwith, who is brought here by the Centre for Self Awareness, will talk about
prayer and the art of manifestation on Friday night. On Saturday he will discuss
how Jesus became a Christ.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: MICEAL LEDWITH: Christ's true teachings have been misrepresented,
says Catholic scholar.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                              826 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             August 2, 2015 Sunday

Lnp Reporter Discovers It's Easy To Misrepresent Himself On Dating Sites

BYLINE: Brett Hambright Bhambright@Lnpnews.Com Brett Hambright
Bhambright@Lnpnews.Com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BRETT HAMBRIGHT

BHAMBRIGHT@LNPNEWS.COM

In the world of online dating, I recently became "Ken Jump" for a day - a rich,
70-year-old retiree with a Ph.D.

My recent experiment with creating false profiles on two popular, adults-only
dating sites illustrated just how easy it is to pretend you're someone else.

In reality, I'm a decidedly unrich, 35-year-old working journalist with a
bachelor's degree. But nobody on OkCupid or PlentyofFish knew any better.

Police warn that can be a problem when children lie about their age to
communicate with adults. Those adults, they warn, sometimes have bad intentions.

It took me all of three minutes to create a profile with OkCupid, feeding the
site my phony name, birth date (how about Christmas Day?) and an email address I
had created a minute earlier through Google.

I was in.

The entry process was similar with PlentyofFish.

Once I established my profile, I added a photo for other users to see (old Ken
looks a little like an actor who had a role in "Ghostbusters"), and answered a
few personal questions about my hobbies and preferences. (That's how the sites
match users of similar profiles.)

I claimed to be making over $150,000 a year, despite being retired and "not
ambitious." I also claimed to be "boring," a big fan of watching TV, and a
smoker.

When I claimed to be married, the PlentyofFish site did spit back a "prohibited"
message.

But none of this required a stitch of truthfulness.

While I had some fun with my experiment, local police officials are adamant that
the World Wide Web presents a world of potential danger to kids.

After discovering what I needed for my research, I officially took "Ken Jump"
off the market.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Reporter's Profile On Okcupid Contained False Information Such As
His Name, Age And Appearance.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              827 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 6, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LETTERS

SECTION: VIEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 569 words


LETTER OF THE DAY: Land teeming with life

We found the Feb. 28 column by John Rehill, "Phosphate's mining of water scars
region" (Views), to be very misleading and a distortion of the facts.

While we understand Rehill's desire to protect local strawberry farmers from the
results of the extreme pumping that occurred during the recent cold snap, his
attempt to shift the blame to the phosphate industry is misinformed at best.

From experience, we can attest to the fact that his commentary misrepresents the
conditions following phosphate mining and the water conservation practices of
phosphate companies. We know that the phosphate industry now aggressively
conserves water and today accounts for a small percentage of groundwater pumped
in Central Florida.

As active, Florida-based members of a national wetlands conservation
organization, we have had the opportunity to observe and assess wetland
reclamation by the phosphate industry, in particular, Mosaic, over the past 15
years. The wetland reclamation we observe has completely restored the land and
is highly productive.

We congratulate the industry in its successful restoration of mined lands today,
which typically increases the upland and wetland habitats in the region.
Unfortunately, the Tribune chose to publish a photo of active mining with the
article and not a photo of restored land.

The restored areas are teeming with waterfowl, shore bird species and numerous
reptiles and mammals. In addition, we have seen otters, bobcats and other
wildlife in the reclaimed mined areas in large numbers - a testament to the
successful reclamation of mined land.

MIKE MEZRAH

Tampa

The writer is Tampa Bay 100 - Ducks Unlimited chairman.

Road not wanted

If Tampa Councilman John Dingfelder lived west of Dale Mabry Highway rather than
east, he might understand why those of us in the adjoining Gandy neighborhoods
are so vehemently against the proposed elevated bridge ("Foes of plan for
elevated road over Gandy call on council," Metro, March 5). He won't be bothered
with this eyesore that will ruin small businesses, promote pollution filtering
down on us, raise the noise level and the lights shining down on us and will
light up our yards like a Christmas tree!

Making Gandy a double decker will destroy the heart and soul of what has been a
fine place to live.

WYNELLE GILBERT

Tampa

Unhappy Republican

I am disappointed with the Republican Party's ads about Democrat Alex Sink. The
Republicans must not have a good candidate of their own if they are using such
obviously sleazy tactics without mentioning their own choice. I'm fed up with
this type of politics. It's dirty and disgusting. I'm sorry I'm a Republican and
might change my vote due to the way most Republicans have acted in the past
year.

RITA CLAY

Longboat Key

Delaying reform

President Obama's health care reform will not become effective until 2013. If we
really have a health care crisis, why is he delaying implementation of his plan
until after the 2012 elections?

The president is a smart man and a good politician. He knows how unpopular this
"reform" will be when the public realizes what has happened to their health care
system. Thus, he is delaying implementation at the same time he is trying to
accelerate passage. Let the voter beware.

R. J. MCDARBY

Valrico

Photo Credit: Staff file photo

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              828 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 9, 2010 Saturday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR;

BYLINE:

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 461 words


REPRESENT, DON'T DICTATE

The Ben Nelson ads are an abomination, just adding fuel to the fire.

Nelson has it backward: He is elected to represent, not serve as a sales agent
for the Democrats' agenda. He turned his back on the majority of Nebraskans he
is supposed to represent and failed miserably.

It is pretty pathetic of Nelson to publicly misrepresent Gov. Dave Heineman's
concern for Medicaid costs to the states and inaccurately single out Nebraska as
Heineman's only concern. Nebraska is one of a 50-state union, something Nelson
and Harry Reid apparently don't know. Nelson needs to stop the charade. The
majority of Nebraskans don't want shady backdoor deals, hidden words on a
2,000-page bill being marketed as health care reform. We are educated people.
Nelson is not our god, so he needs to represent us, not dictate to us.

Ernest L. Polivka, Lincoln

HEALTH REFORM NECESSARY

My youngest son,Evan,had a heart transplant when he was 50 hours old.I was
satisfied with the insurance I had at the time.The health care coverage I had
then and still receive as a teacher is good.

My son is now 9 years old. What, though, will happen when my son is too old to
be on my insurance? How will his pre-existing condition affect his ability to
receive affordable health insurance?

Health care reform will help my family tremendously. It would prohibit insurers
from denying Evan coverage or charging us more for pre-existing conditions. With
health reform, Evan will be able to find affordable alternatives under the
current proposal.

I support Sen. Ben Nelson for helping to craft a health plan that takes care of
our uninsured and underinsured and provides coverage to all people, regardless
of their health status. We cannot afford to wait to reform the broken health
care system.

Bud Pettigrew, Valentine

INVEST IN PARKING

With 24,100 students going to the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, you would
think officials would invest in more parking.

The parking lots at UNL are already too crowded, and every spot you find
available on campus and in the downtown Haymarket area has a meter. This is a
huge problem on campus when you're going to class all day and do not have enough
time to go out and pay the meter before your next class.

This could lead to multiple parking tickets or, much worse, getting towed.

After I was parked half a day at one business, my car was towed. It was the
second week of school, and I was unsure of where I could and could not park. It
was a $104.25 fine.

Parking downtown in the Haymarket is also terrible. I work at a restaurant
there, and employees on the weekend can't find a place to park. On game days, we
have to pay $10 to $15 to get a space.

Parking needs to expand, otherwise the problem is going to keep getting worse.

Ashley Claborn, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                              829 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                               May 2, 2008 Friday

Employers warned about calls regarding workplace posters

LENGTH: 136 words


The Utah Labor Commission is warning businesses about solicitation calls that
are being made to employers throughout the state regarding workplace posters
that are required by law to be posted.

During the calls, people misrepresent themselves as state or federal officials
and say that the posters must be purchased and then offer to sell the posters to
the employer, the department said in a news release Thursday.

Labor Commissioner Sherrie Hayashi said that the posters are required to be
displayed in a visible location somewhere in the workplace but are available
free of charge.

Posters required to be displayed in the workplace by the state of Utah and those
required on a federal level can be obtained from the U.S. Department of Labor's
Salt Lake City District Office at 801-524-5706 or online at dol.gov/esa.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              830 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           December 2, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Former priest questions Jesus' youth: Miceal Ledwith believes the Old Testament
lacks significant details about where Jesus travelled

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: FAITH; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 534  words


Nothing misrepresents the teachings of Christ more than the crucifix, says
Miceal Ledwith, defrocked Catholic priest and former adviser to the Pope.

People might as well pray to the wheelchair that a teacher sits in, says the
former professor of theology who will speak in Sidney this weekend, after recent
talks in New York.

"So much of what Jesus truly was has been lost or suppressed. He was not an idol
to be worshipped, but an immensely magnificent and powerful being who wanted to
empower us all to be like him," says Ledwith, who was ordained a Catholic priest
in 1967.

He was also one of several scholars featured in two recent What the Bleep
movies, which tie religious questions into a quantum physics perspective.

The now-retired Ledwith, 63, who comes from Dublin and lives in Washington
state, had a stellar career in the church before starting to make these
statements. He was professor at the Pontifical University of Maynooth in
Ireland, then dean of theology, vice-president and finally president. Later, as
vice-chancellor of the National University of Ireland, he chaired a committee of
heads of Irish universities. For 17 years he was also a member of a small group
of theologians who advised the Pope on theological matters. For 16 of those
years the commission was chaired by Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger, now Pope Benedict
XVI.

"I had been reading the New and Old Testaments for years and gradually began to
realize there is precious little there about the life of Jesus," says Ledwith,
in explaining his detachment from church bureaucracy. "More than 80% is missing.
We are supposed to believe he spent the time from age 12 to 30 in a carpentry
shop? Well if you can do that and then come out and heal the sick, walk on water
and raise the dead, we should all be taking up carpentry."

Ledwith believes that Jesus journeyed through India and Tibet during those
years, learning from sages and "evolving himself ... preparing the way for you
and me to follow."

Religious leaders regard that as blasphemy. Dr. Martin Adam, a Buddhism
specialist in the University of Victoria's religious studies program, says there
is no evidence Jesus lived in India, although some oral traditions suggest he
did.

"It takes a few leaps of faith and a little bit of imagination. But it is not
out of the question," Adam says. "There was a huge period when we don't know
what Jesus was up to and it's a very interesting idea.

"In any case, it's the message we should care about, not the messenger."

Murdith McLean, associate director of UVic's centre for Studies and Religion in
Society, agrees Ledwith is opening up some interesting discussions.

"Faith should never be used to shut down inquiry or growth, and we sometimes get
fixated on the message, and have a tendency to tame God . . . in a crazy way
that can sometimes be used to shut off new thinking."

Ledwith is outspoken on the topic of prayer: "When you express what you want,
that makes sure you never get it. When you ask, wish, hope, desire, implore, beg
for something -- that means you don't have it. And according to pure quantum
physics we attract into our orbit what we have accepted and believe.

"It has little to do with words, it is a state of mind."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              831 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 17, 2005 Thursday

UFT CHARTER SCHOOLS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 117 words


The Post knows better than to misrepresent the United Federation of Teachers'
position on charter schools ("New Schools For New York," Editorial, March 14).

The UFT is opposed to bad charter schools - ones with no accountability or
transparency - and ones that treat their staff poorly and don't create
appropriate opportunities for children.

However, how can you say we oppose all charters when, in fact, we have filed an
application with SUNY to open an elementary charter school in the East New York
section of Brooklyn in September of 2005, and we are proposing to open a charter
school for grades 6 through 12 in September 2006?

Randi Weingarten

President, United

Federation of Teachers

Manhattan

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              832 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          Ledger Dispatch (California)

                      August 17, 2001 Friday FINAL EDITION

PEOPLE OFTEN MISREPRESENT GOD, THE U.S. CONSTITUTION

BYLINE: RICHARD GENEREUX

SECTION: NEWS; Pastor's Notebook; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 334 words


The Fourth of July recently passed, and I was thinking about America in relation
to Christianity.

America is a Christian nation, ordained by God to take the gospel to the world.
In Genesis 48:14-19, America receives the promise given to the Manasseh the
promise of becoming a great nation (Manasseh was the 13th tribe of Israel).
Thirteen original states, and 13 stripes on the flag. The Constitution was
ordained by God and is the strength of this country.

I remember in the '60s, when I was an atheist and on the political left. I put
America down, as some do today, by saying it was an evil country, full of
injustice and racism. Yes, there are times in the history of this country when
this was true. But everything done in its name doesn't mean it stands for these
things.

It is just like the church. How many bad things were done throughout its
history? And not only in the church's name, but also in Jesus' name. Remember
the Inquisition? People were hanged, drowned and burned at the stake. Just
because it was done in the name of Jesus, America or the church, doesn't mean
that it stands for them.

The church is great because Jesus is its head. America is great because of the
Constitution. Its people are misusing God's word and the Constitution, not the
church and America.

Man is not infallible, but God is. And God is the head of the church by his
infallible son Jesus, and of America by its Constitution.

I love Jesus because he saved me; the church because it's his body. I love
America because God ordained it.

We must learn to separate injustice done in the name of the church and America.
and know what it really stands for.

Richard Genereux is pastor of Galatians Liberty Center in Antioch. He can be
reached at 757-7030. This weekly feature is written by the leaders of various
East County congregations. Leaders of all faiths are welcome to contribute. If
you're interested, reach Faith page editor Scott Marshall at 925-779-7134 or
smarshall2@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              833 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 25, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Letters, Faxes & E-Mail: 'Spirit' misrepresents native culture

BYLINE: DONNA DELGADILLO, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 26A

LENGTH: 167 words

The review of "Spirit" by Journal-Constitution music critic Judith Green was
pretty close to the mark (" 'Spirit' doesn't do Native Americans justice,"
Living, Nov. 16). But, as an American Indian, I find "Spirit" lacking in other
respects. Don't get me wrong, I think it's great anytime native peoples are
featured in a mainstream venue. I applaud the effort of the writer and producer
--- the thought was there. But what bothers me is that native culture is
presented as dead and the dancers and singers representative of " ancestors."
The native people on stage are alive and represent many different nations. The
visionary who longs to simplify his life is white while the mainstream dancers
are forced to dance to inappropriate music and in a manner that in no way
resembles native dancing. If you want native culture, go to a powwow, 'cause
this ain't it.
DONNA DELGADILLO
Delgadillo, of Lawrenceville, is a Cherokee Indian, typographer and member of
the Plainsmen Drum & Dance Troupe.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Acts in "Spirit" don't resemble native dancing, writer says. / File

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                              834 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  SEPTEMBER 18, 1996 Wednesday CNORTH EDITION

HOEFFEL SAYS FOX PHONE POLL MISREPRESENTS HIS VOTING RECORD< CONGRESSIONAL
CANDIDATE JOSEPH M. HOEFFEL 3D CLAIMS< POLL-TAKERS ASKED MISLEADING QUESTIONS.
STAFFERS FOR< REPUBLICAN U.S. REP. JON D. FOX DENIED THE CHARGE.

BYLINE: Tom Infield, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 493 words


Congressional candidate Joseph M. Hoeffel 3d complained yesterday that, in
conducting a telephone poll, U.S. Rep. Jon D. Fox misled voters about Hoeffel's
record as a state legislator in the 1980s.

"He's lying about my record in his polling," said Hoeffel, the Democrat opposing
Republican Fox in Montgomery County's 13th Congressional District.

Fox, in a news release Monday, contended that in 1984, Hoeffel "voted against
legislation to deter child molesters and rapists" and "opposed a law that
imposed a three-year jail term for felons convicted of statutory rape."

Jan Friis, Fox's chief of staff, said yesterday that although the Fox campaign
would not discuss polls, it stuck by its contention in the news release.

In response to Hoeffel's charge that the Fox campaign had lied, Friis said that
Hoeffel had misrepresented Fox's record repeatedly, and added: "Screw him. Tell
him to go to hell. You can quote me on that."

Told of Friis' comment, Hoeffel said, "I'm calling here and now for Jon Fox to
relieve Mr. Friis of his duties. He has no morals at all."

At issue was a May 21, 1984, amendment in the state House that called for
three-year minimum terms for child molesters and anyone convicted of statutory
rape, which Hoeffel said yesterday was defined as sexual intercourse between
someone 18 or older and someone under 14.

Before the amendment came up for a vote, it was split in two, Hoeffel said. One
part called for the minimum term for statutory rape. Hoeffel said he voted for
that part.

The other part, he said, dealt with the minimum term for child molesters.
Hoeffel said he voted against that part because district attorneys around the
state had complained that it might hinder prosecutions.

Most child molesters, he said, are members of their victims' families, and stiff
minimums might have discouraged victims from coming forward.

Fox brought up the issue at a news conference Monday in which he announced that
he had been endorsed for reelection by the Montgomery County Fraternal Order of
Police.

Hoeffel, a Montgomery County commissioner, said in an interview yesterday that
two friends of his - both Democrats - had been called by pollsters over the
weekend. They later reported to him on questions they had been asked.

One question, he said, was phrased something like this: "Would you be more
likely, or less likely, to vote for Joe Hoeffel if you knew that he voted
against mandatory minimum sentences for rapists?"

The poll-takers did not say that the poll was being conducted for Fox, Hoeffel
said.

But he asked: "Who else could it be? It sure as hell wasn't me calling up with
only positive messages about Fox and only negative messages about me."

Friis, speaking on Fox's behalf yesterday, said, "The fact is that he [Hoeffel]
voted against the three-year sentence for child molesters.

"If he has a problem with his record, he ought to apologize to the voters of
Montgomery County."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              835 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            July 16, 1992, Thursday

Of Worley's ironic pickle and local feuds with bite

BYLINE: Dick Williamspresidents; elections; dekalb/county; congressmen;
legislators; georgia; fulton/county; conditions; television

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 13

LENGTH: 547 words


If you're a Georgian who doesn't like politics, the next five days could be
purgatory.

From the Democratic convention to the local airwaves, combat is everywhere.

A POETIC TURNABOUT is taking place in the Democratic primary in the 3rd
District. Dave Worley, who lost so narrowly to Mr. Gingrich two years ago, is
under heavy television fire in Atlanta and Columbus from Rep. Richard Ray.

Mr. Worley complains that Mr. Ray misrepresents his campaign debts, makes false
claims about each man's positions on foreign aid and - horrors! - accuses Mr.
Worley of wanting to tamper with Social Security.

Gingrichites can only chuckle, for Mr. Worley got his first momentum in 1990 by
attacking the congressman on Social Security and rattling older voters. Was Mr.
Ray's strategy intended as a pre-emptive strike?

Mr. Worley, however, makes strong points in rebutting Mr. Ray's attacks. But the
liberal Democrat lacks the money to rebut them on television.

A STRANGE POSSIBILITY is arising in the heated race for chief executive in
DeKalb County. Because of redistricting, commission races have been removed from
Tuesday's ballot in favor of a boundary referendum.

Should current commissioners Sherry Sutton and Annie Collins be eliminated
Tuesday in the CEO race, either could immediately qualify to run for new
commission seats. Ms. Collins could choose a new super district or her new
district. Ms. Sutton could run in the other super district. In fact, the other
candidates, Jim Cone and Liane Levetan, have the same options.

A STALWART ON DeKalb's school board for 12 years, Paul Womack, finds himself in
an uncomfortable position. The conservative Mr. Womack might have bridled at the
heavy hand of the federal courts in DeKalb's desegregation case, but it was he
who was critical in pushing the case toward ultimate victory in the U.S. Supreme
Court.

Now he faces a challenge from Lynn Cherry Grant, daughter of the former school
superintendent Jim Cherry. It can be argued that Mr. Cherry's heavy hand put
DeKalb schools into the long federal nightmare. Ms. Grant blames Mr. Womack for
the teacher-assignment lottery, one he opposed but one ordered by the U.S.
District Court.

Ms. Cherry campaigns as a teacher advocate. Mr. Womack, ironically, can point
with pride to DeKalb's starting teacher salaries, the highest in the Southeast.

THE HATFIELDS AND McCoys of Sandy Springs are at it again. Longtime Republican
state Rep. Dorothy Felton finds herself again under fire from a candidate
encouraged by state Sen. Sallie Newbill and the activist Dr. Eva Galambos.

The challenger this time, Mel Mobley, is even blaming Mrs. Felton for the Taj
Mahal, the Fulton County government center. She is muttering about illegally
stuffed mailboxes. Lost in all this is the goal of both sides, an independent
City of Sandy Springs.

"ZELLDROXAMINE" was the full name for Georgia's governor suggested the other
night by WSB-AM's Phil Hendrie. "His mother named him from an ingredient off a
detergent box," joshed Mr. Hendrie.

Millerphobics, however, have a different name after watching his feisty speech
to the national convention. The correct answer is "Zellophane," because you can
see right through him.

Dick Williams's column appears on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922000070

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                              836 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 26, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Hippocratic Wars

SECTION: Section 6; Page 6; Column 4; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 138 words


"The Hippocratic Wars" seriously misrepresents the impact of the Ingelfinger
rule, whereby respected scientific journals will not accept previously published
material. If there were no rule, any researcher with interesting results and
half a brain would publish first in the mass media. The lengthy, rigorous
process of peer review at a prestigious medical journal could come later. But if
that peer review revealed the work to be scientifically invalid, could we always
count on the media to retract the earlier "news"? The public health implications
are serious. Supporters of the rule include physicians, scientists and public
health advocates who are concerned about the proliferation of "junk science" in
the mass media and on the Internet.

 Judy M. Dyrud
 Managing Editor
 The Journal of Pediatrics
 Cincinnati

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              837 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 12, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Letter: On Mental Health

SECTION: Section 1; Page 20, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 422 words


Proper Diagnosis, by Psychiatrists

To the Editor:

On behalf of the New York State Psychiatric Association, I would like to respond
to your editorial ''Mental Health for Flatbush, Too'' (Jan. 2).

You imply that access to mental health treatment has been limited and generally
available only to the wealthy. This erroneous assumption ignores the great
strides that have been made in providing psychiatric care to all who need it,
for a wide range of fees and through a variety of providers, public and
voluntary as well as private.

The editorial also misrepresents the reasons why psychiatrists, among others,
opposed the recently signed law mandating insurance coverage of treatment by
social workers. Psychiatrists did not ''disparage the quality of social workers'
treatment,'' nor did we oppose the legislation because we ''fear the
competition.'' Psychiatrists have long and publicly recognized the contributions
of social workers as important and effective members of the health care team.
However, it has become increasingly clear, especially in the last three decades,
that there are many determinants of emotional and mental distress, and sorting
out the variety of physical, psychological and environmental factors that
contribute to these disturbed states (as well as result from them) is best done
by someone trained in medicine as well as the psychological and social sciences.
Clearly, a social worker, regardless of the number of years of experience, does
not have this training, and because the new law does not require
medical/psychiatric assessment prior to the initiation of therapy, its passage
was opposed by psychiatrists as well as other members of the health care team.
In short, we feel that diagnosis should always precede treatment, and residents
of Flatbush Avenue are entitled to as comprehensive an assessment as are
residents of Park Avenue.

Further, the tremendous therapeutic advances of the last 30 years necessitate
that treatment decisions should include consideration of a broad range of
treatment approaches - pharmacologic, behaviorial and psychotherapeutic. Here
also only a physician has the necessary breadth of expertise to best make those
decisions.

Proper diagnosis and skillfully chosen treatment that is both necessary and
specific is the hallmark of quality medical care. Our patients, their families
and all of our communities deserve nothing less.

 JOHN S. MCINTYRE, M.D.  President, New York State Psychiatric Association New
York, Jan. 4, 1985

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                              838 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday

Mississippi Woman Charged with TennCare Fraud

LENGTH: 296  words


A Mississippi woman is charged with TennCare fraud after reporting that she
lived in Tennessee in order to obtain TennCare healthcare insurance benefits.

The Office of Inspector General (OIG), with assistance from the U.S. Marshalls
Gulf States Task Force and Shelby County Sheriffs Officers, today announced the
arrest of Veronica Joiner, 30, of Southaven, Mississippi.

A Shelby County Grand Jury charged Joiner with two counts of TennCare fraud and
one count of theft of property over $10,000. The indictment says she filed
documents to receive TennCare benefits for herself and her children, certifying
they lived in Memphis, Tennessee when in fact they were residents of
Mississippi.

We will prosecute anyone we find who misrepresents their income, address or
employment to gain TennCare benefits, Inspector General Manny Tyndall said.
Tennesseans have made it clear to us they want to see people prosecuted,
especially for lying about their residency in order to receive TennCare
benefits.

TennCare fraud is a Class E felony carrying a sentence of up to two years in
prison per charge.  Theft of services over $10,000 is a Class C felony
punishable by up to six years in prison.  District Attorney General Amy Weirich
is prosecuting.

TThe OIG, which is separate from TennCare, began full operation in February 2005
and has investigated cases leading to more than $3 million being repaid to
TennCare, with a total estimated cost avoidance of more than $163.6 million for
TennCare, according to latest figures. To date, 2,623 people have been charged
with TennCare fraud.

Anyone can report suspected TennCare fraud by calling 1-800-433-3982 toll-free
from anywhere in Tennessee, or visit the website and follow prompts that read
Report TennCare Fraud. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              839 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Maryland Public Service Commission;Baltimore Gas and Electric
Company , has issued (ML# 186256) Baltimore Gas and Electric Company filed
Corrected versions Rebuttal Testimony of William Pino and Michael Butts. Case
No. 9406.

LENGTH: 6454 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Annapolis: Maryland Public Service Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 Before the Maryland Public Service Commission

 Case No. 9406

 Prepared Rebuttal Testimony of

 William B. Pino

 On Behalf of

 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company

 March 4, 2016

 (CORRECTED VERSION)

 i

 List of Issues and Major Conclusions

 The following is a summary list of the issues and major conclusions addressed
in the Prepared Rebuttal Testimony of William B. Pino:



 [#xf0b7] Commission Staff properly concludes that the Smart Grid Initiative is
very cost-effective with a present value benefit-cost ratio of 1.37 using just a
subset of the benefit quantified by BGE and 1.55 after also including certain
Additional Benefits recognized by Staff. Notwithstanding its positive
conclusion, however, Staff incorrectly ignores many additional customer benefits
that BGE has been able to quantify in this proceeding - additional customer
benefits, in fact, that Staff readily admits have a value greater than $0.

 [#xf0b7] OPC misrepresents the actual cost of the Smart Grid Initiative and
ignores or understates the substantial benefits that customers have and will
continue to realize. This leads to the assertion of extreme and unsupportable
positions on the cost-effectiveness of the Smart Grid Initiative.

 [#xf0b7] By simply correcting the plain errors made by OPC witnesses in their
direct testimonies, OPC's present value benefit-cost ratio must be adjusted from
0.75 to 1.03. After addressing the full scope of positions taken by OPC,
including positions that totally disregard benefits previously recognized by the
Commission, OPC's present value benefit-cost ratio should be adjusted to 1.9.

 ii

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

 I. INTRODUCTION AND PURPOSE OF REBUTTAL TESTIMONY
.............................. 1

 II. GENERAL RESPONSE TO THE DIRECT TESTIMONY OF THE OTHER PARTIES
................................................................................
............................................ 2

 III. OPC'S PLAIN ERRORS ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF THE SMART GRID
INITIATIVE
................................................................................
............................ 5

 IV. OPC'S ELIMINATION OF BENEFITS PREVIOUSLY RECOGNIZED BY THE COMMISSION AND
OTHER EXTREME POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC .................... 9

 V. OTHER DISPUTED POSITIONS OF OPC ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF THE SMART
GRID INITIATIVE
............................................................................ 16

 VI. ADDITIONAL POSITIONS ASSERTED BY OPC ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF THE
SMART GRID INITIATIVE .........................................................
20

 VII. ADDITIONAL SMART GRID INITIATIVE MARKET-SIDE AND OTHER BENEFITS NOT
CONSIDERED BY STAFF IN ITS COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS
................................................................................
....................................... 22

 VIII. CONCLUSION
................................................................................
................................. 24

 1

 I. INTRODUCTION AND PURPOSE OF REBUTTAL TESTIMONY 1

 Q. PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS. 2

 A. My name is William B. Pino, and my business address is Baltimore Gas and
Electric 3 Company ("BGE" or the "Company"), 2 Center Plaza, 110 West Fayette
Street, 4 Baltimore, Maryland 21201. 5

 Q. ARE YOU THE SAME WILLIAM B. PINO WHO PREVIOUSLY FILED 6 DIRECT TESTIMONY IN
THIS PROCEEDING? 7

 A. Yes, I am. 8

 Q. IN THE PROCESS OF PREPARING FOR THIS REBUTTAL TESTIMONY, DID 9 YOU HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW ANY OF THE DIRECT 10 TESTIMONY FILED BY THE OTHER PARTIES
IN THIS PROCEEDING? 11

 A. Yes. I have reviewed the direct testimony of Maryland Public Service
Commission Staff 12 ("Staff") Witness Daniel J. Hurley and the direct
testimonies of Maryland Office of 13 People's Counsel ("OPC") Witnesses
Maximilian Chang, Paul Chernick, and Peter J. 14 Lanzalotta. 15

 Q. WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF YOUR REBUTTAL TESTIMONY? 16

 A. The purpose of my rebuttal testimony is to address certain positions
advanced by the 17 other parties in this proceeding in direct testimony
regarding BGE's Smart Grid 18 Initiative. In particular, I will respond to other
parties' positions on the market-side 19 benefits realized by BGE's customers as
a result of the Smart Grid Initiative. With a few 20 exceptions, I will not
respond to the other parties' positions on the Smart Grid Initiative 21
operational benefits, costs, or overall cost-effectiveness. These topics will be
addressed 22 in the rebuttal testimonies of Company Witnesses Michael B. Butts
and Ahmad Faruqui. 23

 2

 Additionally, I will not respond to the other parties' positions on the portion
of BGE's 1 revenue requirement request that relates to the Smart Grid
Initiative. This topic is 2 addressed in the rebuttal testimony of Company
Witness David M. Vahos. 3

 II. GENERAL RESPONSE TO THE DIRECT TESTIMONY OF 4 THE OTHER PARTIES 5

 Q. DO ANY OF THE OTHER PARTIES CHALLENGE THE MARKET-SIDE AND 6 OTHER BENEFITS
REALIZED FROM THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE THAT 7 YOU PRESENTED IN YOUR DIRECT
TESTIMONY? 8

 A. Yes. Although Staff recommends that the Commission find that the Smart Grid
Initiative 9 is cost-effective, in so doing, Staff either eliminates or fails to
properly consider some of 10 the market-side and other benefits that I presented
in my direct testimony. OPC, on the 11 other hand, takes an extreme position and
recommends elimination of almost all of these 12 benefits. 13

 Q. WHAT IS YOUR OVERALL REACTION TO STAFF'S DECISION TO 14 ELIMINATE OR IGNORE
SOME OF THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE 15 MARKET-SIDE AND OTHER BENEFITS THAT YOU
PRESENTED IN DIRECT 16 TESTIMONY? 17

 A. Staff correctly concluded that the Smart Grid Initiative is very
cost-effective, but I 18 disagree with Staff's decision to overlook in its
analysis certain market-side and other 19 benefits that I identified in direct
testimony. Understandably, though, Staff felt it 20 unnecessary to go beyond the
"Core Benefits" to establish the cost-effectiveness of the 21 Smart Grid
Initiative. According to Staff Witness Daniel J. Hurley, a "core benefit" is a
22 benefit that was "included in the original business case, and which either
has an approved 23

 3

 reporting metric developed through the work group process or has been accepted
in the 1 EmPOWER Maryland cases cost-benefit analysis."1 2

 I agree with Staff Witness Hurley that the Smart Grid Initiative is
cost-effective 3 based solely upon Core Benefits. The Commission, however,
should recognize the value 4 that the Smart Grid Initiative has produced for
customers by also including in the cost-5 effectiveness analysis the additional
market-side and other benefits presented in my direct 6 testimony that Staff
Witness Hurley excluded from his overall Smart Grid Initiative 7 present value
benefit-cost ratio. 8

 Q. WHAT IS YOUR OVERALL REACTION TO OPC'S POSITION THAT THE 9 COMMISSION SHOULD
ELIMINATE ALMOST ALL OF THE MARKET-SIDE 10 AND OTHER BENEFITS THAT YOU PRESENTED
IN DIRECT TESTIMONY? 11

 A. In a rather transparent attempt to undermine the true value of the Smart
Grid Initiative for 12 BGE's customers, OPC takes the extreme position that
there are virtually zero market-13 side benefits that result from the Smart Grid
Initiative. More specifically, OPC's analysis 14 of market-side and avoided
transmission and distribution cost benefits reduces the present 15 value of the
benefits from $781 million to $55 million - a 93% reduction.2 Suggesting 16 that
there are nearly no market-side benefits is unreasonable and inconsistent with
the 17 Commission's decision to authorize deployment of a Smart Grid system in
the first 18 instance. In addition, OPC's analysis of certain market-side and
other benefits 19

 1 Direct Testimony of Staff Witness Daniel J. Hurley at p. 2. Staff Witness
Hurley defines "Additional Benefits" as "benefits that were developed outside
the work group process and do not have an approved metric." Id.

 2 Id. at pp. 25-26.

 4

 contradicts recent Commission decisions assessing the cost-effectiveness of
demand 1 response and energy efficiency programs. 2

 Beyond the extreme positions asserted by OPC, there are a number of factual 3
errors in the testimonies of OPC witnesses that require correction. In fact, and
as stated 4 in the rebuttal testimony of Company Witness Butts, by simply
correcting the plain errors 5 made by OPC witnesses in their direct testimonies,
OPC's present value benefit-cost ratio 6 must be adjusted from 0.75 to 1.03.3
After addressing the full scope of the extreme and 7 other positions taken by
OPC, including positions that totally disregard benefits 8 previously recognized
by the Commission, OPC's benefit-cost ratio should be adjusted to 9 1.9. 10

 Figure 1 summarizes the adjustments that should be made to OPC's analysis of 11
the Smart Grid Initiative benefits. The adjustment for storm-related benefits is
addressed 12 by Company Witness Butts in his rebuttal testimony. I will address
the remaining 13 adjustments identified in Figure 1 in my rebuttal testimony. 14


 3 Plain errors made by OPC in regards to operational costs and benefits are
discussed in the rebuttal testimony of Company Witness Butts.

 5

 Figure 1 - Adjusted OPC Smart Grid Initiative Benefits Analysis (Present Value)
1

 2

 III. OPC'S PLAIN ERRORS ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF 3 THE SMART GRID
INITIATIVE 4

 Q. WHAT ARE OPC'S PLAIN ERRORS ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF 5 THE SMART GRID
INITIATIVE? 6

 A. OPC witnesses make four plain errors in calculating the market-side benefits
of the Smart 7 Grid Initiative: 8

 1. Double counting the free-ridership effect on the benefits associated 9 with
the BGE Smart Energy RewardsW ("SER") program; 10

 2. Applying a free-ridership reduction to the energy quantity settled 11 with
PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. ("PJM") in the determination of 12 wholesale energy
revenue associated with the SER program; 13

 3. Replacing the Emergency Strike Price with locational marginal 14 pricing
("LMP") in the determination of wholesale energy revenue 15 associated with the
SER program; and 16

 4. Neglecting to adjust the Installed Capacity to Unforced Capacity in 17 the
capacity price mitigation benefit. 18

 $586

 $25

 $492

 $124

 $11

 $1,238

 $0

 $200

 $400

 $600

 $800

 $1,000

 $1,200

 $1,400

 OPC Adjusted

 Benefit

 Estimates

 (Original)

 OPC Plain

 Errors

 OPC Extreme

 Positions

 Other Disputed

 OPC Positions

 Storm-Related

 Savings

 OPC Corrected

 Benefit

 Estimates

 Present Value ($2015 mil)

 6

 As shown in Figure 2, by correcting these plain errors, OPC's calculation of
the Smart 1 Grid Initiative benefits increases by $25 million. 2

 Figure 2 - Plain Error Adjusted OPC Benefit Estimates (Present Value) 3

 4

 Q. WHAT IS THE CONCEPT OF "FREE-RIDERSHIP"? 5

 A. OPC Witness Chang defines "free riders" in his direct testimony as "those
customers who 6 randomly decreased load, instead of decreasing load due to the
SER program."4 I have 7 no problem with OPC Witness Chang's definition of this
term. 8

 Q. COULD YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN OPC'S PLAIN ERROR OF DOUBLE 9 COUNTING THE
FREE-RIDERSHIP EFFECT ON THE BENEFITS 10 ASSOCIATED WITH THE SER PROGRAM? 11

 A. As explained by Company Witness Faruqui, BGE does not agree that there
should be any 12 adverse impact on the SER load reduction results due to free
ridership. Notwithstanding 13

 4 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Maximilian Chang at p. 15.

 $586

 $21

 $2

 $1

 $1

 $611

 $0

 $100

 $200

 $300

 $400

 $500

 $600

 $700

 OPC Adjusted

 Benefit

 Estimates

 (Original)

 SER Free

 Ridership

 Double

 Counting

 PJM Energy

 Settlement

 Free Ridership

 Emergency

 Strike Price

 Capacity Price

 Mitigation

 UCAP

 OPC Adjusted

 Benefit

 Estimates

 (Corrected for

 Plain Error)

 Present Value ($2015 mil)

 7

 BGE's objection to OPC's free-ridership position, OPC witnesses double-count
their 1 perceived free-ridership effect. OPC Witness Chernick captures the
free-ridership effect 2 on the SER program by diluting the load reduction
impacts by 30% to 50% through the 3 inclusion of non-participants.5 OPC Witness
Chang then layers another 28.2% on top of 4 OPC Witness Chernick's
free-ridership effect to account for the same effect, thereby 5 double-counting
the adverse free-ridership effect.6 This plain error resulted in a $21 6 million
reduction in benefits. 7

 Q. COULD YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN OPC'S PLAIN ERROR OF APPLYING FREE 8 RIDERSHIP TO
THE ENERGY REDUCTION QUANTITY SETTLED WITH 9 PJM? 10

 A. In the monetization of energy reductions in the PJM market, the
free-ridership concept is 11 irrelevant. When BGE monetizes energy reductions in
the PJM energy market, PJM does 12 not reduce the quantity monetized by a
free-rider factor. BGE simply measures the 13 energy reductions based on
PJM-approved measurement models, and PJM pays BGE the 14 applicable wholesale
energy price for the measured energy reductions. The measured 15 energy
reductions, no doubt, include free riders and offsetting load increasers, but
that is 16 not relevant to PJM. The only thing relevant to PJM in the context of
energy 17 compensation is the measured quantity of the energy reductions,
regardless of free riders 18 and load increasers. This plain error resulted in a
$2 million reduction in benefits. 19

 5 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 15.

 6 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Maximilian Chang at pp. 15-16.

 8

 Q. COULD YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN OPC'S EMERGENCY STRIKE PRICE PLAIN 1 ERROR? 2

 A. PJM has established an emergency strike price applicable to demand response
("DR") 3 capacity resources during emergency events. An emergency strike price
is a floor price 4 in the energy market available to DR that is a capacity
resource. OPC Witness Chernick 5 argues that BGE's emergency strike price should
be replaced with the prevailing LMP.7 6 This replacement of BGE's emergency
strike price, however, does not align with the 7 manner in which PJM compensates
DR resources. 8

 PJM set the emergency strike price at $1,549/MWh in the 2014-15 planning year 9
and $1,849/MWh for the 2015-16 planning year and beyond.8 OPC Witness Chernick
10 ignored this pricing established by PJM in his calculation of the benefits of
the Smart 11 Grid Initiative. This plain error resulted in a $1 million
reduction in benefits. 12

 Q. COULD YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN OPC'S UNFORCED CAPACITY PLAIN 13 ERROR? 14

 A. In applying the amount of capacity causing a capacity price mitigation
effect, the capacity 15 needs to be stated in Unforced Capacity terms because
PJM's capacity market clears 16 Unforced Capacity. OPC Witness Chernick,
however, used Installed Capacity rather than 17 Unforced Capacity in his
derivation of supply-side capacity price mitigation.9 This plain 18 error
resulted in a $1 million reduction in benefits. 19

 7 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 50.

 8 See PJM Manual 11, Section 2.3.3. at
http://www.pjm.com/~/media/documents/manuals/m11.ashx.

 9 This approach taken by OPC Witness Chernick is evident from the work papers
that OPC produced in discovery.

 9

 IV. OPC'S ELIMINATION OF BENEFITS PREVIOUSLY 1 RECOGNIZED BY THE COMMISSION AND
OTHER EXTREME 2 POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC 3

 Q. YOU MENTIONED PREVIOUSLY THAT OPC IGNORED CERTAIN 4 COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED
METHODOLOGIES FOR CALCULATING 5 BENEFITS. WHAT SPECIFIC METHODOLOGIES DID OPC
IGNORE? 6

 A. OPC ignores the Commission-recognized methodologies for determining the
benefits of 7 capacity price mitigation ("CPM"),10 avoided transmission and
distribution ("T&D") 8 cost, and avoided capacity cost. 9

 Q. IN WHAT CASES HAS THE COMMISSION RECOGNIZED THE 10 METHODOLOGIES TO
DETERMINE THE BENEFITS OF CPM, AVOIDED 11 T&D COST, AND AVOIDED CAPACITY COST?
12

 A. Table 1 identifies the cases in which the Commission recognized the
methodologies that I 13 used to calculate the benefits for CPM and avoided T&D
cost realized from the Smart 14 Grid Initiative. Table 1 also identifies the
case in which the Commission recognized a 15 methodology for calculating avoided
capacity cost benefits. In my determination of 16 avoided capacity cost benefits
realized from the Smart Grid Initiative, however, I used a 17 more conservative
version of the methodology recognized by the Commission. Notably, 18 some
versions of these Commission-recognized methodologies have been in place for 19
almost a decade. 20

 10 Capacity price mitigation is also known as capacity demand response induced
price effect ("DRIPE").

 10

 Table 1 - Commission Cases Recognizing Methodologies for Determining CPM,
Avoided 1 T&D Cost, and Avoided Capacity Cost 2 Case No. Case Description CPM
Avoided T&D Cost Avoided Capacity Cost

 915411

 EmPOWER Maryland

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0fe]

 920812

 Smart Grid

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0a8]

 911113

 PeakRewards

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0a8]

 Q. WHAT IS THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY FOR 3 DETERMINING THE CPM
BENEFIT THAT BGE USED IN ITS 4 CALCULATION OF BENEFITS? 5

 A. The Commission-recognized methodology for determining CPM benefit applies a
% 6 portion of the demand curve slope used in PJM's capacity auctions and limits
the benefit 7 to four years. 8

 Q. HOW DID OPC IGNORE THIS COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED 9 METHODOLOGY IN CALCULATING
THE CPM BENEFIT REALIZED FROM 10 THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE? 11

 A. OPC Witness Chernick derived OPC's version of the CPM benefit through the
use of 12 PJM data relevant to the PJM capacity auctions, rather than using the
Commission-13 recognized methodology.14 14

 11 See Commission Order No. 87082 (July 16, 2015) and Commission Order No.
87213 (October 26, 2015).

 12 See Maillog No. 131260 for the consensus Phase I AMI Performance Metrics
Plan filed on May 18, 2011, and Maillog No. 133571 for the August 18, 2011
Commission approval of the Phase I Metrics Plan. See Maillog No. 143602 for the
consensus Phase IIA Performance Metrics Plan filed on November 13, 2012, and
Maillog No. 133571 for the December 11, 2012 Commission approval of the Phase
IIA Metrics Plan.

 13See Maillog No. 108069.

 14 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 30.

 11

 Q. WHAT IS THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY FOR 1 DETERMINING THE AVOIDED
T&D COST BENEFIT THAT BGE USED IN 2 ITS CALCULATION OF BENEFITS? 3

 A. The Commission-recognized methodology for determining the avoided T&D cost
benefit 4 applies an avoided cost ($/kW) to the forecasted reduction in peak
load. The 5 transmission $/kW avoided cost is equal to the replacement cost of
the 230-500 kV 6 transmission system divided by the system's import capability.
The distribution $/kW 7 avoided cost is equal to the replacement cost of
distribution substations divided by the 8 peak load carried by the system. 9

 Q. HOW DID OPC IGNORE THIS COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED 10 METHODOLOGY IN CALCULATING
THE AVOIDED T&D COST BENEFIT 11 REALIZED FROM THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE? 12

 A. OPC Witness Chernick derived OPC's version of the avoided T&D cost benefit
through 13 the use of PJM data relevant to the PJM Load Forecast, rather than
using the 14 Commission-recognized methodology.15 15

 Q. WHAT IS THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY FOR 16 DETERMINING AN AVOIDED
CAPACITY COST BENEFIT? 17

 A. The Commission-recognized methodology for determining an avoided capacity
cost 18 benefit immediately recognizes the peak load reduction causing the
benefit and values the 19 peak load reductions at the known and projected
cleared price for capacity in PJM. 20

 15 Id. at p. 22.

 12

 Q. DID BGE USE THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY FOR 1 DETERMINING THE
AVOIDED CAPACITY COST BENEFIT REALIZED 2 FROM THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE? 3

 A. BGE used a more conservative approach than recognized by the Commission in 4
calculating the avoided capacity cost benefit realized from the Smart Grid
Initiative. 5 Rather than the immediate recognition of 100% of the benefit used
for the EmPOWER 6 programs, BGE phased in 100% of the benefit over three years
beginning four years 7 beyond the peak load reduction causing the avoided
capacity cost benefit. 8

 Q. DID OPC FOLLOW THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY 9 FOR DETERMINING AN
AVOIDED CAPACITY COST BENEFIT OR THE 10 MORE CONSERVATIVE VERSION THAT BGE USED?
11

 A. No. OPC Witness Chernick derived OPC's version of the avoided capacity cost
benefit 12 through the use of PJM data relevant to the PJM Load Forecast, rather
than using the 13 Commission-recognized methodology or the more conservative
methodology used by 14 BGE.16 15

 Q. ARE THERE OTHER EXTREME POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC? 16

 A. Yes. OPC takes an extreme position on the value of the BGE Smart Energy
ManagerW 17 ("SEM") program. Despite the substantial customer participation in
the SEM program 18 and wealth of opportunity afforded to customers to reduce
energy usage, OPC Witness 19 Chang eliminates 100% of the SEM program benefit in
his cost-effectiveness analysis.17 20 His sole rationale for doing so is that a
variation of the Home Energy Reports ("HERs") 21

 16 Id. at p. 22.

 17 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Maximilian Chang at p. 25.

 13

 that BGE issues to customers as part of its SEM program has been used by
utilities 1 without smart metering devices. 2

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO THE EXTREME POSITION TAKEN BY OPC 3 WITNESS CHANG THAT
100% OF THE SEM BENEFITS SHOULD BE 4 ELIMINATED? 5

 A. OPC Witness Chang's argument is flawed in several ways. First, OPC Witness
Chang 6 offers no comparative analysis between the programs offered by other
utilities that 7 feature HERs - e.g., socio-economic status of participants,
demographics of participants, 8 and internet access of participants - and BGE's
SEM program. Without a thorough 9 understanding of the comparability (or the
lack thereof) among various programs and 10 their participants, it is erroneous
to simply project the results of one program onto 11 another. 12

 Second, and most importantly, it does not matter at all what other utilities
are 13 doing with HERs - be it in conjunction with smart metering devices or
otherwise. In 14 Case No. 9208, BGE presented an integrated Smart Grid
Initiative solution that included, 15 among other components, the programs that
are now referred to as SEM and SER. HERs 16 are simply one energy conservation
tool for customers to take advantage of within the 17 SEM program toolbox. They
cannot be (and were never intended to be) separated from 18 the integrated Smart
Grid Initiative solution considered and authorized by the 19 Commission in Case
No. 9208, as OPC Witness Chang attempts to do in his direct 20 testimony. 21

 Third, the HERs that customers receive from BGE would not exist but for the 22
Company's investment in a Smart Grid Initiative. Moreover, the cost of HERs,
along 23

 14

 with the costs of all the tools available to customers as part of the SEM
program, are 1 included in the Smart Grid Initiative cost-effectiveness analysis
presented by BGE in this 2 proceeding. In other words, BGE incurred the costs of
the SEM program as part of the 3 Smart Grid Initiative, and the Commission
should equally recognize the substantial 4 customer benefits realized from the
SEM program. 5

 Finally, the availability and integration of a variety of energy conservation
tools 6 in the SEM program toolbox is what drives the success of the program. In
addition, 7 many of these tools are only made possible as a result of the
interval data available from 8 smart metering devices. For example, without
smart metering devices, the following 9 SEM program tools would not exist: 10

 [#xf0b7] Electronic Electric Weekly Usage Report - This report provides
customers 11 with substantial information derived from smart metering devices,
12 including week-over-week usage information, projected bill amounts, and 13 a
day-by-day breakdown of the week. All of this information allows 14 customers to
match their activities during the week with actual hourly 15 usage information.
16

 [#xf0b7] Green Button - This tool was developed in response to a White House 17
initiative. Customers are able to extract interval data into an electronic file
18 (e.g., Excel spreadsheet). Such a file can be used by customers and third-19
party retail suppliers to more efficiently price load and develop tailored 20
energy conservation products for the customer. 21

 [#xf0b7] Unusual Usage Alerts - These alerts are sent to customers in response
to 22 higher than usual energy consumption. The alert includes information on 23
the projected bill amount for the billing cycle. 24

 [#xf0b7] Paper Home Energy Reports (with interval data) - These HERs contain 25
information regarding a customer's energy usage based upon interval data 26
extracted from smart metering devices, including, for example, daily peak 27
information. 28

 [#xf0b7] Daily Usage Information - A customer's interval energy usage 29
information is available for viewing on the SEM web portal on a next day 30
basis. 31

 15

 [#xf0b7] Load Profiles - The interval data from smart metering devices allows 1
BGE to develop load profiles for customers and provide tailored advice 2
regarding energy savings opportunities. 3

 [#xf0b7] SER Program Information - The SEM web portal allows customers to 4
view detailed usage information regarding their participation in Energy 5
Savings Days. 6

 In addition, BGE has plans to roll out to customers the following additional
tools that are 7 made possible by the Smart Grid Initiative and the data
produced from smart metering 8 devices: 9

 [#xf0b7] Enhanced Paper Home Energy Reports (with interval data) - These HERs
10 will incorporate load profiles so that BGE can also provide tailored advice
11 regarding energy savings opportunities on the printed report. 12

 [#xf0b7] Electronic Gas Weekly Usage Reports - These reports are similar to the
13 Electric Electronic Weekly Usage Reports but reflect gas usage. 14

 [#xf0b7] Bill Target Tool - Customers can set personal goals regarding energy
15 usage and receive targeted messaging to keep their goals on track. 16

 [#xf0b7] Rate Comparison Tool - This tool will allow customers to select the
most 17 cost-effective rate schedule based upon their individual energy usage 18
behavior. 19

 [#xf0b7] HVAC Set Point Detection - Advanced analytics for a customer to better
20 understand their energy consumption and the efficiency of their HVAC 21 unit.
22

 Q. WHAT IS THE REDUCTION IN BENEFITS FROM THE COMMISSION-23 RECOGNIZED
METHODOLOGIES IGNORED BY OPC AND OTHER 24 EXTREME POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC? 25

 A. The reduction in benefits from the commission-recognized methodologies
ignored by 26 OPC and other extreme positions taken by OPC is $492 million. 27

 16

 V. OTHER DISPUTED POSITIONS OF OPC ON THE MARKET-1 SIDE BENEFITS OF THE SMART
GRID INITIATIVE 2

 Q. DOES BGE DISPUTE OTHER POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC ON THE 3 MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS
REALIZED FROM THE SMART GRID 4 INITIATIVE? 5

 A. Yes. BGE also disagrees with OPC's positions on the following four topics: 6


 1. Free ridership in the SER program; 7

 2. The number of forecasted PJM emergency events for the SER 8 program; 9

 3. The applicable wholesale energy price during non-emergency SER 10 events;
and 11

 4. The elimination of the capacity component of the retail generation 12 rate
for the purpose of determining customers' energy savings 13 during SER events
and for SEM-driven energy reductions. 14

 Q. WHAT IS OPC'S SER FREE RIDERSHIP POSITION? 15

 A. OPC Witnesses Chang and Chernick argue that BGE's estimate of SER savings is
16 overstated due to the inclusion of free-rider SER participants.18 17

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S SER FREE RIDERSHIP POSITION? 18

 A. As explained in the rebuttal testimony of Company Witness Faruqui, no
free-ridership 19 adjustment to the SER benefits is warranted. I concur with
Company Witness Faruqui's 20 expert opinion. 21

 18 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 15; Direct Testimony of
OPC Witness Maximilian Chang at p. 16.

 17

 Q. WHAT IS OPC'S POSITION ON THE NUMBER OF FUTURE PJM 1 EMERGENCY EVENTS FOR
THE SER PROGRAM THAT SHOULD BE 2 ASSUMED IN CALCULATING BENEFITS? 3

 A. OPC Witness Chernick proposes one-half of an event per summer season.19 4

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S POSITION ON THE FORECAST OF THE 5 FREQUENCY OF
PJM EMERGENCY EVENTS? 6

 A. First, the forecast of PJM emergency events is impossible to achieve with
any real 7 certainty. Emergency events can be caused by either inadequate supply
resources or 8 operational issues associated with transferring energy on the
bulk power grid, or a 9 combination of both. Although the average over the past
several years has been about 10 one emergency event per summer season, such a
history does not necessarily correlate 11 with what will unfold in the coming
years. This conclusion is further supported by the 12 potential for
environmentally-driven exit of generation power plants to continue and the 13
imminent 2020 cliff for demand response Base resources. BGE's forecast for two
14 emergency events per summer season, thus, is very reasonable. 15

 Q. WHAT IS OPC'S POSITION ON THE APPLICABLE WHOLESALE ENERGY 16 PRICE DURING
NON-EMERGENCY SER EVENTS? 17

 A. OPC Witness Chernick assumes that the relationship of future energy price
changes in 18 the super-peak period from 1 P.M. to 7 P.M. (SER event window)
will be the same as 19

 19 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 52.

 18

 future energy price changes for the average annual on-peak period from 7 A.M.
to 11 1 P.M.20 2

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S POSITION ON THE APPLICABLE 3 WHOLESALE ENERGY
PRICE DURING NON-EMERGENCY SER EVENTS? 4

 A. BGE conducts its SER events during the super-peak period of the typical
summer 5 weekday - 1 P.M. to 7 P.M.. No wholesale energy price forecast or
forward trading 6 transparency exists for such a period. In addition, the
super-peak period likely realizes 7 more price volatility than any other period,
making it even more difficult to forecast. 8 BGE assumes the wholesale energy
price during non-emergency events will remain flat 9 in real terms from what was
realized in 2015. BGE finds this reasonable and cannot 10 justify reducing the
pricing assumption as suggested by OPC. 11

 Q. CAN YOU PLEASE DESCRIBE AND RESPOND TO OPC'S POSITION ON THE 12 ELIMINATION
OF THE CAPACITY COMPONENT OF THE RETAIL 13 GENERATION RATE FOR THE PURPOSE OF
DETERMINING CUSTOMERS' 14 ENERGY SAVINGS DURING SER EVENTS AND FOR SEM-DRIVEN
ENERGY 15 REDUCTIONS? 16

 A. Certainly. OPC Witness Chernick argues that the capacity component in the
retail 17 generation rate that customers save when they reduce consumption is
offset by higher 18 charges from suppliers.21 That simply is not the case.
Demand and energy-reducing 19 programs such as SER and SEM have the effect of
making customers' consumption 20

 20 This approach taken by OPC Witness Chernick is evident from the work papers
that OPC produced in discovery.

 21 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 53.

 19

 patterns more cost efficient, which places downward pressure on their retail
supply 1 prices, not upward pressure as OPC Witness Chernick suggests.22 2

 OPC Witness Chernick further argues that because avoided wholesale capacity 3
cost is accounted for separately, including the retail capacity component in the
retail 4 energy savings is double counting.23 From a purely academic
perspective, OPC Witness 5 Chernick's argument may have some appeal; however,
the practicality of his position 6 proves otherwise. 7

 It's quite simple. Load-reducing programs that achieve load reductions during 8
peak usage periods place downward pressure on the need for capacity resources,
and they 9 ultimately reduce or avoid some of the cost for wholesale capacity.
The same load 10 reductions that avoid wholesale capacity costs coincidentally
reduce the retail 11 consumption of energy. When residential customers reduce
their electric energy 12 consumption, they reduce the kWh quantity on their
retail bill that is applied to the kWh-13 based generation price. The generation
price is a bundled service, including energy, 14 capacity and ancillaries. There
is no getting around the fact that a kWh reduction saves 15 on all kWh-based
components of the generation price. 16

 OPC Witness Chernick's argument would be valid under a different retail pricing
17 scenario of generation in which the capacity component is charged on a kW
basis, and 18 not a kWh basis. Under such a scenario, the retail energy savings
from a load-reducing 19 program that achieves kWh reductions would not include
the kW-based capacity price. 20

 22 Load-reducing programs place downward pressure on capacity needs and peak
energy needs, all of which will result in downward pressure on the retail supply
price.

 23 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 53.

 20

 But that is not how residential retail generation is priced today. Rather, the
retail capacity 1 component is charged on a kWh basis, so customers engaging in
load-reducing behavior 2 will realize the full retail generation price savings,
including the capacity component. 3

 Q. WHAT IS THE REDUCTION IN BENEFITS FROM THE OTHER DISPUTED 4 POSITIONS OF
OPC? 5

 A. The reduction in benefits from the other disputed positions of OPC is $124
million. 6

 VI. ADDITIONAL POSITIONS ASSERTED BY OPC ON THE 7 MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF THE
SMART GRID INITIATIVE 8

 Q. ARE THERE ANY OTHER POSITIONS ASSERTED BY OPC ON THE 9 BENEFITS OF THE SMART
GRID INITIATIVE THAT YOU WOULD LIKE TO 10 DISCUSS? 11

 A. Yes. OPC takes additional positions on the following four topics: 12

 1. Adoption of the 2016 PJM Load Forecast; 13

 2. SER participants' increase in consumption immediately before and 14 after an
SER event; 15

 3. Updated forward wholesale energy prices; and 16

 4. Modifications to the energy price mitigation methodology. 17

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S RECOMMENDATION OF ADOPTING 18 THE 2016 PJM LOAD
FORECAST? 19

 A. Adoption of the 2016 PJM Forecast is reasonable; however, I would like to
make two 20 points regarding its adoption. First, the 2016 Forecast was issued
by PJM days before 21 BGE filed its supplemental direct testimony in this case
on January 5, 2016. Therefore, 22 BGE was not able to incorporate the new
forecast into its analysis. Second, PJM's 23

 21

 forecast methodologies are under constant stakeholder review, and as such, they
are 1 subject to significant modification year-over-year. The 2016 Forecast
showed sizable 2 reductions in future peak load estimates compared to the 2015
Forecast. The 2017 3 Forecast may show comparable increases in future peak load
estimates. 4

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S POSITION THAT SER PARTICIPANTS 5 INCREASE THEIR
CONSUMPTION BEFORE AND AFTER AN SER EVENT? 6

 A. BGE agrees that there are likely accommodations being made by SER
participants before 7 an SER event, and that there is some demand deferred from
within the SER event period 8 (1 P.M. to 7 P.M.) to after the event period. The
problem is measuring it. BGE has no 9 current measure of such customer behavior,
but BGE does have some insight from the 10 four SER pilot programs BGE conducted
from 2008 to 2011. 11

 Measured during the pilots were the load changes immediately before and after
12 the events. The sum of energy consumption increases before and after the SER
pilot 13 events across all four pilots was about 10% of the sum of the energy
consumption 14 reductions occurring within the event period.24 In OPC's
assessment of the before and 15 after load increases from the 2010 pilot, OPC
concluded that the before and after energy 16 increases equals 40% of the energy
reductions during an SER event.25 17

 24 The SER pilot events were conducted from hour-ending ("HE") 3 P.M. to HE 7
P.M., while the real deployment of SER has adopted an HE 2 P.M. to HE 7 P.M.
event period. This discrepancy was corrected by estimating the HE 2 P.M. load
reduction had the pilot event period included HE 2 P.M.. Such estimate was
determined by using the HE 2 P.M. to HE 3 P.M. relationship realized in the 2015
SER events.

 25 OPC's only assessed the 2010 pilot, and it did not correct for the inclusion
of the HE 2 P.M. in the event period.

 22

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO THE UPDATED FORWARD WHOLESALE 1 ENERGY PRICES
RECOMMENDED BY OPC? 2

 A. Adoption of OPC's recommended updated forward wholesale energy prices is 3
reasonable. 4

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S RECOMMENDED MODIFICATIONS TO 5 THE ENERGY PRICE
MITIGATION METHODOLOGY? 6

 A. The modifications made by OPC to the energy price mitigation methodology are
7 reasonable. 8

 Q. IF THE COMMISSION ACCEPTS THESE POSITIONS OF OPC, WHAT 9 WOULD THE IMPACT BE
TO THE BENEFIT-COST RATIO CALCULATED 10 BY BGE FOR THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE? 11


 A. If the Commission accepts these positions of OPC, the benefits would be
reduced by $86 12 million, resulting in a reduction in the benefit-cost ratio
from 2.0 to 1.9. 13

 VII. ADDITIONAL SMART GRID INITIATIVE MARKET-SIDE AND 14 OTHER BENEFITS NOT
CONSIDERED BY STAFF IN ITS COST-15 EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS 16

 Q. ARE THERE ADDITIONAL BENEFITS THAT STAFF ELECTED NOT TO 17 CONSIDER IN ITS
COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS? 18

 A. Yes. Staff Witness Hurley elected not to include the avoided emission cost
benefit and 19 the avoided T&D cost benefit associated with the SEM-driven peak
load reductions. 20 Importantly, though, Staff Witness Hurley appears to
acknowledge that both benefits 21 have value greater than $0. 22

 23

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO STAFF WITNESS HURLEY'S 1 RECOMMENDATION THAT THE
COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS 2 SHOULD NOT INCLUDE THE AVOIDED EMISSION COST? 3

 A. The Commission addressed specifically the avoided emission cost benefit in
its recent 4 order regarding cost-effectiveness methodologies for EmPOWER
Maryland plans. 5 BGE's adoption of such a benefit in its Smart Grid Initiative
cost-effectiveness 6 assessment, therefore, is consistent with Commission
precedent. Thus, avoided emission 7 cost should be included as a benefit in the
Smart Grid Initiative cost-effectiveness 8 analysis. In order to correct this
exclusion of the avoided emission cost value, Staff's 9 benefit calculation must
be increased by $4 million. 10

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO STAFF WITNESS HURLEY'S 11 RECOMMENDATION THAT THE
COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS 12 SHOULD NOT INCLUDE THE SEM-DRIVEN AVOIDED T&D
COST? 13

 A. Peak load reductions driven by the SEM program are just as effective in
placing 14 downward pressure on T&D infrastructure needs as peak load reductions
driven by the 15 SER program. Interestingly, Staff Witness Hurley includes in
his cost-effectiveness 16 analysis the avoided T&D cost caused by SER-driven
peak load reductions. For similar 17 reasons, Staff Witness Hurley should also
include in his cost effectiveness analysis the 18 avoided T&D cost caused by
SEM-driven peak load reductions. In order to correct this 19 exclusion of the
SEM-driven avoided T&D cost value, Staff's benefit calculation must be 20
increased by $37 million. 21

 24

 VIII. CONCLUSION 1

 Q. MR. PINO, DOES THIS CONCLUDE YOUR REBUTTAL TESTIMONY? 2

 A. Yes, it does. 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              840 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Maryland Public Service Commission; Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company , has issued (ML# 185421) Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
filed, on March 04, 2016, Rebuttal Testimony of Michael B. Butts, Mark D. Case,
Ahmad Faruqui, John C. Frain, David E. Greenberg, Adrien M. McKenzie, Willian B.
Pino, and David M. Vahos. Case No. 9406.

LENGTH: 6451 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Annapolis: Maryland Public Service Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 Before the Maryland Public Service Commission

 Case No. 9406

 Prepared Rebuttal Testimony of

 William B. Pino

 On Behalf of

 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company

 March 4, 2016

 i

 List of Issues and Major Conclusions

 The following is a summary list of the issues and major conclusions addressed
in the Prepared Rebuttal Testimony of William B. Pino:



 [#xf0b7] Commission Staff properly concludes that the Smart Grid Initiative is
very cost-effective with a present value benefit-cost ratio of 1.37 using just a
subset of the benefit quantified by BGE and 1.55 after also including certain
Additional Benefits recognized by Staff. Notwithstanding its positive
conclusion, however, Staff incorrectly ignores many additional customer benefits
that BGE has been able to quantify in this proceeding - additional customer
benefits, in fact, that Staff readily admits have a value greater than $0.

 [#xf0b7] OPC misrepresents the actual cost of the Smart Grid Initiative and
ignores or understates the substantial benefits that customers have and will
continue to realize. This leads to the assertion of extreme and unsupportable
positions on the cost-effectiveness of the Smart Grid Initiative.

 [#xf0b7] By simply correcting the plain errors made by OPC witnesses in their
direct testimonies, OPC's present value benefit-cost ratio must be adjusted from
0.75 to 1.05. After addressing the full scope of positions taken by OPC,
including positions that totally disregard benefits previously recognized by the
Commission, OPC's present value benefit-cost ratio should be adjusted to 1.9.

 ii

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

 I. INTRODUCTION AND PURPOSE OF REBUTTAL TESTIMONY
.............................. 1

 II. GENERAL RESPONSE TO THE DIRECT TESTIMONY OF THE OTHER PARTIES
................................................................................
............................................ 2

 III. OPC'S PLAIN ERRORS ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF THE SMART GRID
INITIATIVE
................................................................................
............................ 5

 IV. OPC'S ELIMINATION OF BENEFITS PREVIOUSLY RECOGNIZED BY THE COMMISSION AND
OTHER EXTREME POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC .................... 9

 V. OTHER DISPUTED POSITIONS OF OPC ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF THE SMART
GRID INITIATIVE
............................................................................ 16

 VI. ADDITIONAL POSITIONS ASSERTED BY OPC ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF THE
SMART GRID INITIATIVE .........................................................
20

 VII. ADDITIONAL SMART GRID INITIATIVE MARKET-SIDE AND OTHER BENEFITS NOT
CONSIDERED BY STAFF IN ITS COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS
................................................................................
....................................... 22

 VIII. CONCLUSION
................................................................................
................................. 24

 1

 I. INTRODUCTION AND PURPOSE OF REBUTTAL TESTIMONY 1

 Q. PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS. 2

 A. My name is William B. Pino, and my business address is Baltimore Gas and
Electric 3 Company ("BGE" or the "Company"), 2 Center Plaza, 110 West Fayette
Street, 4 Baltimore, Maryland 21201. 5

 Q. ARE YOU THE SAME WILLIAM B. PINO WHO PREVIOUSLY FILED 6 DIRECT TESTIMONY IN
THIS PROCEEDING? 7

 A. Yes, I am. 8

 Q. IN THE PROCESS OF PREPARING FOR THIS REBUTTAL TESTIMONY, DID 9 YOU HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW ANY OF THE DIRECT 10 TESTIMONY FILED BY THE OTHER PARTIES
IN THIS PROCEEDING? 11

 A. Yes. I have reviewed the direct testimony of Maryland Public Service
Commission Staff 12 ("Staff") Witness Daniel J. Hurley and the direct
testimonies of Maryland Office of 13 People's Counsel ("OPC") Witnesses
Maximilian Chang, Paul Chernick, and Peter J. 14 Lanzalotta. 15

 Q. WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF YOUR REBUTTAL TESTIMONY? 16

 A. The purpose of my rebuttal testimony is to address certain positions
advanced by the 17 other parties in this proceeding in direct testimony
regarding BGE's Smart Grid 18 Initiative. In particular, I will respond to other
parties' positions on the market-side 19 benefits realized by BGE's customers as
a result of the Smart Grid Initiative. With a few 20 exceptions, I will not
respond to the other parties' positions on the Smart Grid Initiative 21
operational benefits, costs, or overall cost-effectiveness. These topics will be
addressed 22 in the rebuttal testimonies of Company Witnesses Michael B. Butts
and Ahmad Faruqui. 23

 2

 Additionally, I will not respond to the other parties' positions on the portion
of BGE's 1 revenue requirement request that relates to the Smart Grid
Initiative. This topic is 2 addressed in the rebuttal testimony of Company
Witness David M. Vahos. 3

 II. GENERAL RESPONSE TO THE DIRECT TESTIMONY OF 4 THE OTHER PARTIES 5

 Q. DO ANY OF THE OTHER PARTIES CHALLENGE THE MARKET-SIDE AND 6 OTHER BENEFITS
REALIZED FROM THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE THAT 7 YOU PRESENTED IN YOUR DIRECT
TESTIMONY? 8

 A. Yes. Although Staff recommends that the Commission find that the Smart Grid
Initiative 9 is cost-effective, in so doing, Staff either eliminates or fails to
properly consider some of 10 the market-side and other benefits that I presented
in my direct testimony. OPC, on the 11 other hand, takes an extreme position and
recommends elimination of almost all of these 12 benefits. 13

 Q. WHAT IS YOUR OVERALL REACTION TO STAFF'S DECISION TO 14 ELIMINATE OR IGNORE
SOME OF THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE 15 MARKET-SIDE AND OTHER BENEFITS THAT YOU
PRESENTED IN DIRECT 16 TESTIMONY? 17

 A. Staff correctly concluded that the Smart Grid Initiative is very
cost-effective, but I 18 disagree with Staff's decision to overlook in its
analysis certain market-side and other 19 benefits that I identified in direct
testimony. Understandably, though, Staff felt it 20 unnecessary to go beyond the
"Core Benefits" to establish the cost-effectiveness of the 21 Smart Grid
Initiative. According to Staff Witness Daniel J. Hurley, a "core benefit" is a
22 benefit that was "included in the original business case, and which either
has an approved 23

 3

 reporting metric developed through the work group process or has been accepted
in the 1 EmPOWER Maryland cases cost-benefit analysis."1 2

 I agree with Staff Witness Hurley that the Smart Grid Initiative is
cost-effective 3 based solely upon Core Benefits. The Commission, however,
should recognize the value 4 that the Smart Grid Initiative has produced for
customers by also including in the cost-5 effectiveness analysis the additional
market-side and other benefits presented in my direct 6 testimony that Staff
Witness Hurley excluded from his overall Smart Grid Initiative 7 present value
benefit-cost ratio. 8

 Q. WHAT IS YOUR OVERALL REACTION TO OPC'S POSITION THAT THE 9 COMMISSION SHOULD
ELIMINATE ALMOST ALL OF THE MARKET-SIDE 10 AND OTHER BENEFITS THAT YOU PRESENTED
IN DIRECT TESTIMONY? 11

 A. In a rather transparent attempt to undermine the true value of the Smart
Grid Initiative for 12 BGE's customers, OPC takes the extreme position that
there are virtually zero market-13 side benefits that result from the Smart Grid
Initiative. More specifically, OPC's analysis 14 of market-side and avoided
transmission and distribution cost benefits reduces the present 15 value of the
benefits from $781 million to $55 million - a 93% reduction.2 Suggesting 16 that
there are nearly no market-side benefits is unreasonable and inconsistent with
the 17 Commission's decision to authorize deployment of a Smart Grid system in
the first 18 instance. In addition, OPC's analysis of certain market-side and
other benefits 19

 1 Direct Testimony of Staff Witness Daniel J. Hurley at p. 2. Staff Witness
Hurley defines "Additional Benefits" as "benefits that were developed outside
the work group process and do not have an approved metric." Id.

 2 Id. at pp. 25-26.

 4

 contradicts recent Commission decisions assessing the cost-effectiveness of
demand 1 response and energy efficiency programs. 2

 Beyond the extreme positions asserted by OPC, there are a number of factual 3
errors in the testimonies of OPC witnesses that require correction. In fact, and
as stated 4 in the rebuttal testimony of Company Witness Butts, by simply
correcting the plain errors 5 made by OPC witnesses in their direct testimonies,
OPC's present value benefit-cost ratio 6 must be adjusted from 0.75 to 1.05.3
After addressing the full scope of the extreme and 7 other positions taken by
OPC, including positions that totally disregard benefits 8 previously recognized
by the Commission, OPC's benefit-cost ratio should be adjusted to 9 1.9. 10

 Figure 1 summarizes the adjustments that should be made to OPC's analysis of 11
the Smart Grid Initiative benefits. The adjustment for storm-related benefits is
addressed 12 by Company Witness Butts in his rebuttal testimony. I will address
the remaining 13 adjustments identified in Figure 1 in my rebuttal testimony. 14


 15

 3 Plain errors made by OPC in regards to operational costs and benefits are
discussed in the rebuttal testimony of Company Witness Butts.

 5

 Figure 1 - Adjusted OPC Smart Grid Initiative Benefits Analysis (Present Value)
1

 2

 III. OPC'S PLAIN ERRORS ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF 3 THE SMART GRID
INITIATIVE 4

 Q. WHAT ARE OPC'S PLAIN ERRORS ON THE MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF 5 THE SMART GRID
INITIATIVE? 6

 A. OPC witnesses make four plain errors in calculating the market-side benefits
of the Smart 7 Grid Initiative: 8

 1. Double counting the free-ridership effect on the benefits associated 9 with
the BGE Smart Energy RewardsW ("SER") program; 10

 2. Applying a free-ridership reduction to the energy quantity settled 11 with
PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. ("PJM") in the determination of 12 wholesale energy
revenue associated with the SER program; 13

 3. Replacing the Emergency Strike Price with locational marginal 14 pricing
("LMP") in the determination of wholesale energy revenue 15 associated with the
SER program; and 16

 4. Neglecting to adjust the Installed Capacity to Unforced Capacity in 17 the
capacity price mitigation benefit. 18

 $586

 $25

 $492

 $124

 $11

 $1,238

 $0

 $200

 $400

 $600

 $800

 $1,000

 $1,200

 $1,400

 OPC Adjusted

 Benefit

 Estimates

 (Original)

 OPC Plain

 Errors

 OPC Extreme

 Positions

 Other Disputed

 OPC Positions

 Storm-Related

 Savings

 OPC Corrected

 Benefit

 Estimates

 Present Value ($2015 mil)

 6

 As shown in Figure 2, by correcting these plain errors, OPC's calculation of
the Smart 1 Grid Initiative benefits increases by $25 million. 2

 Figure 2 - Plain Error Adjusted OPC Benefit Estimates (Present Value) 3

 4

 Q. WHAT IS THE CONCEPT OF "FREE-RIDERSHIP"? 5

 A. OPC Witness Chang defines "free riders" in his direct testimony as "those
customers who 6 randomly decreased load, instead of decreasing load due to the
SER program."4 I have 7 no problem with OPC Witness Chang's definition of this
term. 8

 Q. COULD YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN OPC'S PLAIN ERROR OF DOUBLE 9 COUNTING THE
FREE-RIDERSHIP EFFECT ON THE BENEFITS 10 ASSOCIATED WITH THE SER PROGRAM? 11

 A. As explained by Company Witness Faruqui, BGE does not agree that there
should be any 12 adverse impact on the SER load reduction results due to free
ridership. Notwithstanding 13

 4 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Maximilian Chang at p. 15.

 $586

 $21

 $2

 $1

 $1

 $611

 $0

 $100

 $200

 $300

 $400

 $500

 $600

 $700

 OPC Adjusted

 Benefit

 Estimates

 (Original)

 SER Free

 Ridership

 Double

 Counting

 PJM Energy

 Settlement

 Free Ridership

 Emergency

 Strike Price

 Capacity Price

 Mitigation

 UCAP

 OPC Adjusted

 Benefit

 Estimates

 (Corrected for

 Plain Error)

 Present Value ($2015 mil)

 7

 BGE's objection to OPC's free-ridership position, OPC witnesses double-count
their 1 perceived free-ridership effect. OPC Witness Chernick captures the
free-ridership effect 2 on the SER program by diluting the load reduction
impacts by 30% to 50% through the 3 inclusion of non-participants.5 OPC Witness
Chang then layers another 28.2% on top of 4 OPC Witness Chernick's
free-ridership effect to account for the same effect, thereby 5 double-counting
the adverse free-ridership effect.6 This plain error resulted in a $21 6 million
reduction in benefits. 7

 Q. COULD YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN OPC'S PLAIN ERROR OF APPLYING FREE 8 RIDERSHIP TO
THE ENERGY REDUCTION QUANTITY SETTLED WITH 9 PJM? 10

 A. In the monetization of energy reductions in the PJM market, the
free-ridership concept is 11 irrelevant. When BGE monetizes energy reductions in
the PJM energy market, PJM does 12 not reduce the quantity monetized by a
free-rider factor. BGE simply measures the 13 energy reductions based on
PJM-approved measurement models, and PJM pays BGE the 14 applicable wholesale
energy price for the measured energy reductions. The measured 15 energy
reductions, no doubt, include free riders and offsetting load increasers, but
that is 16 not relevant to PJM. The only thing relevant to PJM in the context of
energy 17 compensation is the measured quantity of the energy reductions,
regardless of free riders 18 and load increasers. This plain error resulted in a
$2 million reduction in benefits. 19

 5 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 15.

 6 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Maximilian Chang at pp. 15-16.

 8

 Q. COULD YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN OPC'S EMERGENCY STRIKE PRICE PLAIN 1 ERROR? 2

 A. PJM has established an emergency strike price applicable to demand response
("DR") 3 capacity resources during emergency events. An emergency strike price
is a floor price 4 in the energy market available to DR that is a capacity
resource. OPC Witness Chernick 5 argues that BGE's emergency strike price should
be replaced with the prevailing LMP.7 6 This replacement of BGE's emergency
strike price, however, does not align with the 7 manner in which PJM compensates
DR resources. 8

 PJM set the emergency strike price at $1,549/MWh in the 2014-15 planning year 9
and $1,849/MWh for the 2015-16 planning year and beyond.8 OPC Witness Chernick
10 ignored this pricing established by PJM in his calculation of the benefits of
the Smart 11 Grid Initiative. This plain error resulted in a $1 million
reduction in benefits. 12

 Q. COULD YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN OPC'S UNFORCED CAPACITY PLAIN 13 ERROR? 14

 A. In applying the amount of capacity causing a capacity price mitigation
effect, the capacity 15 needs to be stated in Unforced Capacity terms because
PJM's capacity market clears 16 Unforced Capacity. OPC Witness Chernick,
however, used Installed Capacity rather than 17 Unforced Capacity in his
derivation of supply-side capacity price mitigation.9 This plain 18 error
resulted in a $1 million reduction in benefits. 19

 7 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 50.

 8 See PJM Manual 11, Section 2.3.3. at
http://www.pjm.com/~/media/documents/manuals/m11.ashx.

 9 This approach taken by OPC Witness Chernick is evident from the work papers
that OPC produced in discovery.

 9

 IV. OPC'S ELIMINATION OF BENEFITS PREVIOUSLY 1 RECOGNIZED BY THE COMMISSION AND
OTHER EXTREME 2 POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC 3

 Q. YOU MENTIONED PREVIOUSLY THAT OPC IGNORED CERTAIN 4 COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED
METHODOLOGIES FOR CALCULATING 5 BENEFITS. WHAT SPECIFIC METHODOLOGIES DID OPC
IGNORE? 6

 A. OPC ignores the Commission-recognized methodologies for determining the
benefits of 7 capacity price mitigation ("CPM"),10 avoided transmission and
distribution ("T&D") 8 cost, and avoided capacity cost. 9

 Q. IN WHAT CASES HAS THE COMMISSION RECOGNIZED THE 10 METHODOLOGIES TO
DETERMINE THE BENEFITS OF CPM, AVOIDED 11 T&D COST, AND AVOIDED CAPACITY COST?
12

 A. Table 1 identifies the cases in which the Commission recognized the
methodologies that I 13 used to calculate the benefits for CPM and avoided T&D
cost realized from the Smart 14 Grid Initiative. Table 1 also identifies the
case in which the Commission recognized a 15 methodology for calculating avoided
capacity cost benefits. In my determination of 16 avoided capacity cost benefits
realized from the Smart Grid Initiative, however, I used a 17 more conservative
version of the methodology recognized by the Commission. Notably, 18 some
versions of these Commission-recognized methodologies have been in place for 19
almost a decade. 20

 10 Capacity price mitigation is also known as capacity demand response induced
price effect ("DRIPE").

 10

 Table 1 - Commission Cases Recognizing Methodologies for Determining CPM,
Avoided 1 T&D Cost, and Avoided Capacity Cost 2 Case No. Case Description CPM
Avoided T&D Cost Avoided Capacity Cost

 915411

 EmPOWER Maryland

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0fe]

 920812

 Smart Grid

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0a8]

 911113

 PeakRewards

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0fe]

 [#xf0a8]

 Q. WHAT IS THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY FOR 3 DETERMINING THE CPM
BENEFIT THAT BGE USED IN ITS 4 CALCULATION OF BENEFITS? 5

 A. The Commission-recognized methodology for determining CPM benefit applies a
% 6 portion of the demand curve slope used in PJM's capacity auctions and limits
the benefit 7 to four years. 8

 Q. HOW DID OPC IGNORE THIS COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED 9 METHODOLOGY IN CALCULATING
THE CPM BENEFIT REALIZED FROM 10 THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE? 11

 A. OPC Witness Chernick derived OPC's version of the CPM benefit through the
use of 12 PJM data relevant to the PJM capacity auctions, rather than using the
Commission-13 recognized methodology.14 14

 11 See Commission Order No. 87082 (July 16, 2015) and Commission Order No.
87213 (October 26, 2015).

 12 See Maillog No. 131260 for the consensus Phase I AMI Performance Metrics
Plan filed on May 18, 2011, and Maillog No. 133571 for the August 18, 2011
Commission approval of the Phase I Metrics Plan. See Maillog No. 143602 for the
consensus Phase IIA Performance Metrics Plan filed on November 13, 2012, and
Maillog No. 133571 for the December 11, 2012 Commission approval of the Phase
IIA Metrics Plan.

 13See Maillog No. 108069.

 14 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 30.

 11

 Q. WHAT IS THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY FOR 1 DETERMINING THE AVOIDED
T&D COST BENEFIT THAT BGE USED IN 2 ITS CALCULATION OF BENEFITS? 3

 A. The Commission-recognized methodology for determining the avoided T&D cost
benefit 4 applies an avoided cost ($/kW) to the forecasted reduction in peak
load. The 5 transmission $/kW avoided cost is equal to the replacement cost of
the 230-500 kV 6 transmission system divided by the system's import capability.
The distribution $/kW 7 avoided cost is equal to the replacement cost of
distribution substations divided by the 8 peak load carried by the system. 9

 Q. HOW DID OPC IGNORE THIS COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED 10 METHODOLOGY IN CALCULATING
THE AVOIDED T&D COST BENEFIT 11 REALIZED FROM THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE? 12

 A. OPC Witness Chernick derived OPC's version of the avoided T&D cost benefit
through 13 the use of PJM data relevant to the PJM Load Forecast, rather than
using the 14 Commission-recognized methodology.15 15

 Q. WHAT IS THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY FOR 16 DETERMINING AN AVOIDED
CAPACITY COST BENEFIT? 17

 A. The Commission-recognized methodology for determining an avoided capacity
cost 18 benefit immediately recognizes the peak load reduction causing the
benefit and values the 19 peak load reductions at the known and projected
cleared price for capacity in PJM. 20

 15 Id. at p. 22.

 12

 Q. DID BGE USE THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY FOR 1 DETERMINING THE
AVOIDED CAPACITY COST BENEFIT REALIZED 2 FROM THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE? 3

 A. BGE used a more conservative approach than recognized by the Commission in 4
calculating the avoided capacity cost benefit realized from the Smart Grid
Initiative. 5 Rather than the immediate recognition of 100% of the benefit used
for the EmPOWER 6 programs, BGE phased in 100% of the benefit over three years
beginning four years 7 beyond the peak load reduction causing the avoided
capacity cost benefit. 8

 Q. DID OPC FOLLOW THE COMMISSION-RECOGNIZED METHODOLOGY 9 FOR DETERMINING AN
AVOIDED CAPACITY COST BENEFIT OR THE 10 MORE CONSERVATIVE VERSION THAT BGE USED?
11

 A. No. OPC Witness Chernick derived OPC's version of the avoided capacity cost
benefit 12 through the use of PJM data relevant to the PJM Load Forecast, rather
than using the 13 Commission-recognized methodology or the more conservative
methodology used by 14 BGE.16 15

 Q. ARE THERE OTHER EXTREME POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC? 16

 A. Yes. OPC takes an extreme position on the value of the BGE Smart Energy
ManagerW 17 ("SEM") program. Despite the substantial customer participation in
the SEM program 18 and wealth of opportunity afforded to customers to reduce
energy usage, OPC Witness 19 Chang eliminates 100% of the SEM program benefit in
his cost-effectiveness analysis.17 20 His sole rationale for doing so is that a
variation of the Home Energy Reports ("HERs") 21

 16 Id. at p. 22.

 17 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Maximilian Chang at p. 25.

 13

 that BGE issues to customers as part of its SEM program has been used by
utilities 1 without smart metering devices. 2

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO THE EXTREME POSITION TAKEN BY OPC 3 WITNESS CHANG THAT
100% OF THE SEM BENEFITS SHOULD BE 4 ELIMINATED? 5

 A. OPC Witness Chang's argument is flawed in several ways. First, OPC Witness
Chang 6 offers no comparative analysis between the programs offered by other
utilities that 7 feature HERs - e.g., socio-economic status of participants,
demographics of participants, 8 and internet access of participants - and BGE's
SEM program. Without a thorough 9 understanding of the comparability (or the
lack thereof) among various programs and 10 their participants, it is erroneous
to simply project the results of one program onto 11 another. 12

 Second, and most importantly, it does not matter at all what other utilities
are 13 doing with HERs - be it in conjunction with smart metering devices or
otherwise. In 14 Case No. 9208, BGE presented an integrated Smart Grid
Initiative solution that included, 15 among other components, the programs that
are now referred to as SEM and SER. HERs 16 are simply one energy conservation
tool for customers to take advantage of within the 17 SEM program toolbox. They
cannot be (and were never intended to be) separated from 18 the integrated Smart
Grid Initiative solution considered and authorized by the 19 Commission in Case
No. 9208, as OPC Witness Chang attempts to do in his direct 20 testimony. 21

 Third, the HERs that customers receive from BGE would not exist but for the 22
Company's investment in a Smart Grid Initiative. Moreover, the cost of HERs,
along 23

 14

 with the costs of all the tools available to customers as part of the SEM
program, are 1 included in the Smart Grid Initiative cost-effectiveness analysis
presented by BGE in this 2 proceeding. In other words, BGE incurred the costs of
the SEM program as part of the 3 Smart Grid Initiative, and the Commission
should equally recognize the substantial 4 customer benefits realized from the
SEM program. 5

 Finally, the availability and integration of a variety of energy conservation
tools 6 in the SEM program toolbox is what drives the success of the program. In
addition, 7 many of these tools are only made possible as a result of the
interval data available from 8 smart metering devices. For example, without
smart metering devices, the following 9 SEM program tools would not exist: 10

 [#xf0b7] Electronic Electric Weekly Usage Report - This report provides
customers 11 with substantial information derived from smart metering devices,
12 including week-over-week usage information, projected bill amounts, and 13 a
day-by-day breakdown of the week. All of this information allows 14 customers to
match their activities during the week with actual hourly 15 usage information.
16

 [#xf0b7] Green Button - This tool was developed in response to a White House 17
initiative. Customers are able to extract interval data into an electronic file
18 (e.g., Excel spreadsheet). Such a file can be used by customers and third-19
party retail suppliers to more efficiently price load and develop tailored 20
energy conservation products for the customer. 21

 [#xf0b7] Unusual Usage Alerts - These alerts are sent to customers in response
to 22 higher than usual energy consumption. The alert includes information on 23
the projected bill amount for the billing cycle. 24

 [#xf0b7] Paper Home Energy Reports (with interval data) - These HERs contain 25
information regarding a customer's energy usage based upon interval data 26
extracted from smart metering devices, including, for example, daily peak 27
information. 28

 [#xf0b7] Daily Usage Information - A customer's interval energy usage 29
information is available for viewing on the SEM web portal on a next day 30
basis. 31

 15

 [#xf0b7] Load Profiles - The interval data from smart metering devices allows 1
BGE to develop load profiles for customers and provide tailored advice 2
regarding energy savings opportunities. 3

 [#xf0b7] SER Program Information - The SEM web portal allows customers to 4
view detailed usage information regarding their participation in Energy 5
Savings Days. 6

 In addition, BGE has plans to roll out to customers the following additional
tools that are 7 made possible by the Smart Grid Initiative and the data
produced from smart metering 8 devices: 9

 [#xf0b7] Enhanced Paper Home Energy Reports (with interval data) - These HERs
10 will incorporate load profiles so that BGE can also provide tailored advice
11 regarding energy savings opportunities on the printed report. 12

 [#xf0b7] Electronic Gas Weekly Usage Reports - These reports are similar to the
13 Electric Electronic Weekly Usage Reports but reflect gas usage. 14

 [#xf0b7] Bill Target Tool - Customers can set personal goals regarding energy
15 usage and receive targeted messaging to keep their goals on track. 16

 [#xf0b7] Rate Comparison Tool - This tool will allow customers to select the
most 17 cost-effective rate schedule based upon their individual energy usage 18
behavior. 19

 [#xf0b7] HVAC Set Point Detection - Advanced analytics for a customer to better
20 understand their energy consumption and the efficiency of their HVAC 21 unit.
22

 Q. WHAT IS THE REDUCTION IN BENEFITS FROM THE COMMISSION-23 RECOGNIZED
METHODOLOGIES IGNORED BY OPC AND OTHER 24 EXTREME POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC? 25

 A. The reduction in benefits from the commission-recognized methodologies
ignored by 26 OPC and other extreme positions taken by OPC is $492 million. 27

 16

 V. OTHER DISPUTED POSITIONS OF OPC ON THE MARKET-1 SIDE BENEFITS OF THE SMART
GRID INITIATIVE 2

 Q. DOES BGE DISPUTE OTHER POSITIONS TAKEN BY OPC ON THE 3 MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS
REALIZED FROM THE SMART GRID 4 INITIATIVE? 5

 A. Yes. BGE also disagrees with OPC's positions on the following four topics: 6


 1. Free ridership in the SER program; 7

 2. The number of forecasted PJM emergency events for the SER 8 program; 9

 3. The applicable wholesale energy price during non-emergency SER 10 events;
and 11

 4. The elimination of the capacity component of the retail generation 12 rate
for the purpose of determining customers' energy savings 13 during SER events
and for SEM-driven energy reductions. 14

 Q. WHAT IS OPC'S SER FREE RIDERSHIP POSITION? 15

 A. OPC Witnesses Chang and Chernick argue that BGE's estimate of SER savings is
16 overstated due to the inclusion of free-rider SER participants.18 17

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S SER FREE RIDERSHIP POSITION? 18

 A. As explained in the rebuttal testimony of Company Witness Faruqui, no
free-ridership 19 adjustment to the SER benefits is warranted. I concur with
Company Witness Faruqui's 20 expert opinion. 21

 18 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 15; Direct Testimony of
OPC Witness Maximilian Chang at p. 16.

 17

 Q. WHAT IS OPC'S POSITION ON THE NUMBER OF FUTURE PJM 1 EMERGENCY EVENTS FOR
THE SER PROGRAM THAT SHOULD BE 2 ASSUMED IN CALCULATING BENEFITS? 3

 A. OPC Witness Chernick proposes one-half of an event per summer season.19 4

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S POSITION ON THE FORECAST OF THE 5 FREQUENCY OF
PJM EMERGENCY EVENTS? 6

 A. First, the forecast of PJM emergency events is impossible to achieve with
any real 7 certainty. Emergency events can be caused by either inadequate supply
resources or 8 operational issues associated with transferring energy on the
bulk power grid, or a 9 combination of both. Although the average over the past
several years has been about 10 one emergency event per summer season, such a
history does not necessarily correlate 11 with what will unfold in the coming
years. This conclusion is further supported by the 12 potential for
environmentally-driven exit of generation power plants to continue and the 13
imminent 2020 cliff for demand response Base resources. BGE's forecast for two
14 emergency events per summer season, thus, is very reasonable. 15

 Q. WHAT IS OPC'S POSITION ON THE APPLICABLE WHOLESALE ENERGY 16 PRICE DURING
NON-EMERGENCY SER EVENTS? 17

 A. OPC Witness Chernick assumes that the relationship of future energy price
changes in 18 the super-peak period from 1 P.M. to 7 P.M. (SER event window)
will be the same as 19

 19 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 52.

 18

 future energy price changes for the average annual on-peak period from 7 A.M.
to 11 1 P.M.20 2

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S POSITION ON THE APPLICABLE 3 WHOLESALE ENERGY
PRICE DURING NON-EMERGENCY SER EVENTS? 4

 A. BGE conducts its SER events during the super-peak period of the typical
summer 5 weekday - 1 P.M. to 7 P.M.. No wholesale energy price forecast or
forward trading 6 transparency exists for such a period. In addition, the
super-peak period likely realizes 7 more price volatility than any other period,
making it even more difficult to forecast. 8 BGE assumes the wholesale energy
price during non-emergency events will remain flat 9 in real terms from what was
realized in 2015. BGE finds this reasonable and cannot 10 justify reducing the
pricing assumption as suggested by OPC. 11

 Q. CAN YOU PLEASE DESCRIBE AND RESPOND TO OPC'S POSITION ON THE 12 ELIMINATION
OF THE CAPACITY COMPONENT OF THE RETAIL 13 GENERATION RATE FOR THE PURPOSE OF
DETERMINING CUSTOMERS' 14 ENERGY SAVINGS DURING SER EVENTS AND FOR SEM-DRIVEN
ENERGY 15 REDUCTIONS? 16

 A. Certainly. OPC Witness Chernick argues that the capacity component in the
retail 17 generation rate that customers save when they reduce consumption is
offset by higher 18 charges from suppliers.21 That simply is not the case.
Demand and energy-reducing 19 programs such as SER and SEM have the effect of
making customers' consumption 20

 20 This approach taken by OPC Witness Chernick is evident from the work papers
that OPC produced in discovery.

 21 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 53.

 19

 patterns more cost efficient, which places downward pressure on their retail
supply 1 prices, not upward pressure as OPC Witness Chernick suggests.22 2

 OPC Witness Chernick further argues that because avoided wholesale capacity 3
cost is accounted for separately, including the retail capacity component in the
retail 4 energy savings is double counting.23 From a purely academic
perspective, OPC Witness 5 Chernick's argument may have some appeal; however,
the practicality of his position 6 proves otherwise. 7

 It's quite simple. Load-reducing programs that achieve load reductions during 8
peak usage periods place downward pressure on the need for capacity resources,
and they 9 ultimately reduce or avoid some of the cost for wholesale capacity.
The same load 10 reductions that avoid wholesale capacity costs coincidentally
reduce the retail 11 consumption of energy. When residential customers reduce
their electric energy 12 consumption, they reduce the kWh quantity on their
retail bill that is applied to the kWh-13 based generation price. The generation
price is a bundled service, including energy, 14 capacity and ancillaries. There
is no getting around the fact that a kWh reduction saves 15 on all kWh-based
components of the generation price. 16

 OPC Witness Chernick's argument would be valid under a different retail pricing
17 scenario of generation in which the capacity component is charged on a kW
basis, and 18 not a kWh basis. Under such a scenario, the retail energy savings
from a load-reducing 19 program that achieves kWh reductions would not include
the kW-based capacity price. 20

 22 Load-reducing programs place downward pressure on capacity needs and peak
energy needs, all of which will result in downward pressure on the retail supply
price.

 23 Direct Testimony of OPC Witness Paul Chernick at p. 53.

 20

 But that is not how residential retail generation is priced today. Rather, the
retail capacity 1 component is charged on a kWh basis, so customers engaging in
load-reducing behavior 2 will realize the full retail generation price savings,
including the capacity component. 3

 Q. WHAT IS THE REDUCTION IN BENEFITS FROM THE OTHER DISPUTED 4 POSITIONS OF
OPC? 5

 A. The reduction in benefits from the other disputed positions of OPC is $124
million. 6

 VI. ADDITIONAL POSITIONS ASSERTED BY OPC ON THE 7 MARKET-SIDE BENEFITS OF THE
SMART GRID INITIATIVE 8

 Q. ARE THERE ANY OTHER POSITIONS ASSERTED BY OPC ON THE 9 BENEFITS OF THE SMART
GRID INITIATIVE THAT YOU WOULD LIKE TO 10 DISCUSS? 11

 A. Yes. OPC takes additional positions on the following four topics: 12

 1. Adoption of the 2016 PJM Load Forecast; 13

 2. SER participants' increase in consumption immediately before and 14 after an
SER event; 15

 3. Updated forward wholesale energy prices; and 16

 4. Modifications to the energy price mitigation methodology. 17

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S RECOMMENDATION OF ADOPTING 18 THE 2016 PJM LOAD
FORECAST? 19

 A. Adoption of the 2016 PJM Forecast is reasonable; however, I would like to
make two 20 points regarding its adoption. First, the 2016 Forecast was issued
by PJM days before 21 BGE filed its supplemental direct testimony in this case
on January 5, 2016. Therefore, 22 BGE was not able to incorporate the new
forecast into its analysis. Second, PJM's 23

 21

 forecast methodologies are under constant stakeholder review, and as such, they
are 1 subject to significant modification year-over-year. The 2016 Forecast
showed sizable 2 reductions in future peak load estimates compared to the 2015
Forecast. The 2017 3 Forecast may show comparable increases in future peak load
estimates. 4

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S POSITION THAT SER PARTICIPANTS 5 INCREASE THEIR
CONSUMPTION BEFORE AND AFTER AN SER EVENT? 6

 A. BGE agrees that there are likely accommodations being made by SER
participants before 7 an SER event, and that there is some demand deferred from
within the SER event period 8 (1 P.M. to 7 P.M.) to after the event period. The
problem is measuring it. BGE has no 9 current measure of such customer behavior,
but BGE does have some insight from the 10 four SER pilot programs BGE conducted
from 2008 to 2011. 11

 Measured during the pilots were the load changes immediately before and after
12 the events. The sum of energy consumption increases before and after the SER
pilot 13 events across all four pilots was about 10% of the sum of the energy
consumption 14 reductions occurring within the event period.24 In OPC's
assessment of the before and 15 after load increases from the 2010 pilot, OPC
concluded that the before and after energy 16 increases equals 40% of the energy
reductions during an SER event.25 17

 24 The SER pilot events were conducted from hour-ending ("HE") 3 P.M. to HE 7
P.M., while the real deployment of SER has adopted an HE 2 P.M. to HE 7 P.M.
event period. This discrepancy was corrected by estimating the HE 2 P.M. load
reduction had the pilot event period included HE 2 P.M.. Such estimate was
determined by using the HE 2 P.M. to HE 3 P.M. relationship realized in the 2015
SER events.

 25 OPC's only assessed the 2010 pilot, and it did not correct for the inclusion
of the HE 2 P.M. in the event period.

 22

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO THE UPDATED FORWARD WHOLESALE 1 ENERGY PRICES
RECOMMENDED BY OPC? 2

 A. Adoption of OPC's recommended updated forward wholesale energy prices is 3
reasonable. 4

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO OPC'S RECOMMENDED MODIFICATIONS TO 5 THE ENERGY PRICE
MITIGATION METHODOLOGY? 6

 A. The modifications made by OPC to the energy price mitigation methodology are
7 reasonable. 8

 Q. IF THE COMMISSION ACCEPTS THESE POSITIONS OF OPC, WHAT 9 WOULD THE IMPACT BE
TO THE BENEFIT-COST RATIO CALCULATED 10 BY BGE FOR THE SMART GRID INITIATIVE? 11


 A. If the Commission accepts these positions of OPC, the benefits would be
reduced by $86 12 million, resulting in a reduction in the benefit-cost ratio
from 2.0 to 1.9. 13

 VII. ADDITIONAL SMART GRID INITIATIVE MARKET-SIDE AND 14 OTHER BENEFITS NOT
CONSIDERED BY STAFF IN ITS COST-15 EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS 16

 Q. ARE THERE ADDITIONAL BENEFITS THAT STAFF ELECTED NOT TO 17 CONSIDER IN ITS
COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS? 18

 A. Yes. Staff Witness Hurley elected not to include the avoided emission cost
benefit and 19 the avoided T&D cost benefit associated with the SEM-driven peak
load reductions. 20 Importantly, though, Staff Witness Hurley appears to
acknowledge that both benefits 21 have value greater than $0. 22

 23

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO STAFF WITNESS HURLEY'S 1 RECOMMENDATION THAT THE
COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS 2 SHOULD NOT INCLUDE THE AVOIDED EMISSION COST? 3

 A. The Commission addressed specifically the avoided emission cost benefit in
its recent 4 order regarding cost-effectiveness methodologies for EmPOWER
Maryland plans. 5 BGE's adoption of such a benefit in its Smart Grid Initiative
cost-effectiveness 6 assessment, therefore, is consistent with Commission
precedent. Thus, avoided emission 7 cost should be included as a benefit in the
Smart Grid Initiative cost-effectiveness 8 analysis. In order to correct this
exclusion of the avoided emission cost value, Staff's 9 benefit calculation must
be increased by $4 million. 10

 Q. HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO STAFF WITNESS HURLEY'S 11 RECOMMENDATION THAT THE
COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS 12 SHOULD NOT INCLUDE THE SEM-DRIVEN AVOIDED T&D
COST? 13

 A. Peak load reductions driven by the SEM program are just as effective in
placing 14 downward pressure on T&D infrastructure needs as peak load reductions
driven by the 15 SER program. Interestingly, Staff Witness Hurley includes in
his cost-effectiveness 16 analysis the avoided T&D cost caused by SER-driven
peak load reductions. For similar 17 reasons, Staff Witness Hurley should also
include in his cost effectiveness analysis the 18 avoided T&D cost caused by
SEM-driven peak load reductions. In order to correct this 19 exclusion of the
SEM-driven avoided T&D cost value, Staff's benefit calculation must be 20
increased by $37 million. 21

 24

 VIII. CONCLUSION 1

 Q. MR. PINO, DOES THIS CONCLUDE YOUR REBUTTAL TESTIMONY? 2

 A. Yes, it does. 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              841 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 5, 2002, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Enron investigator blasts senior managers

BYLINE: Jayne O'Donnell and Gary Strauss

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- The head of Enron's special board committee blasted the energy
trader's senior managers, directors and auditors, telling a congressional
committee Monday that the company's collapse was prompted by senior managers
enriching themselves at the expense of investors and shareholders.

"Frankly, what we found was absolutely appalling," William Powers told the House
Financial Services subcommittee. "We found a systematic and pervasive attempt by
management to misrepresent financial transactions."


Powers, dean of the University of Texas School of Law, was named to Enron's
board in October and headed the committee investigating Enron's collapse. Those
findings were released to bankruptcy court officials Saturday.

Powers says he couldn't determine what former CEOs Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey
Skilling knew about the complex financial partnerships that led to Enron's
demise but noted that "they weren't minding the store."

Powers blasted former CFO Andrew Fastow and associates for receiving up to $ 30
million each for deals they shouldn't have been paid for.

"I feel like I'm in Sin City," Rep. Christopher Shays, R-Conn., said to Powers
while thumbing through his report. "You talk about the attorneys, you talk about
the accountants, the regulators, the board, the rating agencies, and nobody
looks good."

Powers' testimony came hours after members of the Senate Commerce Committee
angrily denounced Lay for abruptly pulling out of a voluntary appearance Monday
morning. Lay now faces a federal subpoena to compel his testimony.

"You can't be sure what caused this ship to capsize if you can't hear from the
captain," says Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore. "We've got to get to the facts."

Lay also decided not to testify today before the House Financial Services
subcommittee, citing the "prosecutorial" tone of congressional members. The
House panel also plans a subpoena.

Lay, who resigned as chairman and CEO on Jan. 23, resigned from the board late
Monday. He came under a barrage of congressional criticism Sunday after the
release of Powers' report. Lay's attorney, Earl Silbert, said Lay "cannot be
expected to participate in a proceeding in which conclusions have been reached
before Lay has been given an opportunity to be heard."

Sen. Fritz Hollings, D-S.C., who chairs the committee, called for a special
prosecutor to investigate Enron's ties to the Bush administration, citing
administration officials who had worked as Enron advisers. But the Justice
Department said it saw no reason for a special counsel.

Enron's collapse wiped out $ 80 billion in the market value of its stock -- and
the portfolios of shareholders and employees.

LOAD-DATE: February 05, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Terry Ashe, AP; Powers

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              842 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            April 5, 2000 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Florida smoking lawsuit wrapping up

BYLINE: By CATHERINE WILSON Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 383 words


MIAMI - A money-hungry tobacco industry wants to save money in smokers' lawsuits
and make money by addicting young customers, an attorney argued Tuesday on
behalf of three sick smokers seeking $14.4 million in damages.

"Money is it to them," Stanley Rosenblatt said before resting his case for
compensatory damages. "They want to save money and make more money by addicting
more kids."

Circuit Judge Robert Kaye told jurors he would give them their instructions this
morning and send them out to deliberate.

The same panel decided last July that the industry conspired to produce a
dangerous product and determined smoking causes 29 diseases, including cancer
and heart disease.

"We want you to find that when an industry is fraudulent and they misrepresent
and they conceal and they engage in a conspiracy and they do it intentionally,
there will be consequences," Rosenblatt said. "They will be held accountable."

Despite the jury's earlier findings against the nation's five biggest cigarette
makers, Rosenblatt charged the industry will never admit a disease link in the
three smokers with cancer or anyone else.

"There isn't a human being on the planet who will ever pass their test," he
said. "They will never, ever, ever pin it on cigarette smoking."

The jury will be asked to set damages for the medical bills, lost income, lost
services, pain and suffering from lung cancer in Inglis nurse Mary Farnan and
the late Angie Della Vecchia, a New Port Richey housewife, and throat cancer in
Frank Amodeo, an Orlando clock maker.

Doctors testifying for the smokers blame decades of smoking for their diseases.

The industry offered alternative explanations, such as scar cancer in Della
Vecchia; bronchioalveolar cancer, a form of lung cancer the jury did not
attribute to smoking, in both women; and occupational exposure to wood dust in
Amodeo.

If any money is awarded, the panel would hear more testimony and be asked to set
punitive damages for an estimated 500,000 sick Florida smokers. The industry,
which already owes states about $250 billion on lawsuit settlements, fears a
$300 billion punitive award.

The defendants are Philip Morris Inc., R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Brown &
Williamson, Lorillard Tobacco Co., Liggett Group Inc. and the industry's Council
for Tobacco Research and Tobacco Institute.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 The Durham Herald Co.

                              843 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 695 words

ABSTRACT

Marin IJ Opinion page for Friday, March 11

FULL TEXT

Column misrepresents size of park's dairies

The March 6 Marin Voice by David Schnapf ("Point Reyes park's ranches should be
phased out") is in error in a big way, misrepresenting the facts about the size
of the dairy industry at Point Reyes.

He states that visitors "don't come to see what the park's website calls one of
'the largest examples of industrial-scale dairying in the state of California.'"

This is a misreading of some unfortunately poor wording on the ranching history
page from that website.

What the website says is that Point Reyes had "one of the earliest and largest
examples of industrial-scale dairying in the state of California" - referring to
the 19th century.

At that time, the state's dairy industry was in its infancy; Marin County and
Point Reyes led in dairy production until the 1890s, when it was overshadowed by
bigger dairies elsewhere in the state.

The fact is that Point Reyes dairies are among the smallest in the state, not
the largest, and Mr. Schnapf should have known this. Our local ranching
families, in residence here for an average of four generations, have milk cows
numbering in the hundreds, when current industrial-scale dairies in the San
Joaquin Valley and elsewhere milk thousands of cows daily - there are even
30,000-cow dairies in the United States.

There are fewer milk cows at Point Reyes now than there were in 1880. It is
absolutely wrong to claim that these small organic operations at Point Reyes are
"the largest examples of industrial-scale dairying in the state of California,"
and the record should be corrected.

- Dewey Livingston, Inverness

No apologies for prison officer murder conviction

The California Supreme Court recently affirmed the judgment against Jarvis
Masters for the murder of Correctional Sgt. Howell Dean Burchfield in San
Quentin State Prison on June 8, 1985.

An undivided court determined that indeed Jarvis Masters was a member of the
Black Guerilla Family prison gang, that he participated in the planning of the
murder of Sgt. Burchfield, that he sharpened the weapon that killed Sgt.
Burchfield and that he was head of security for this gang and participated in
assigning the inmate to kill Burchfield.

There was much evidence presented, but foremost was forensic evidence of
admissions in his own handwriting with his fingerprints upon them.

His horrendous background, which included multiple armed robberies, assaults and
two uncharged murders, was presented to a jury during a six-week-long penalty
phase of the trial.

The jury assigned the penalty of death, which was upheld first by the trial
court and then by the Supreme Court.

By law, a co-conpsirator is responsible for the actions of all conspirators.
Masters was a critical cog in the machine that killed Sgt. Burchfield.

As second chair to then-Deputy District Attorney Ed Berberian, who led this
trial that was in session for 18 months with two juries, I presented the penalty
phase evidence for Jarvis Masters. There is no question that the decision by the
Supreme Court was correct.

No stone was left unturned by his defense attorneys during trial or appeal.

The only apology should be to Mrs. Burchfield, who died last year without
knowing whether this verdict would be upheld.

- Paula Freschi Kamena, San Rafael, Retired Marin County district attorney

Limit on repeat classes reduces COM's enrollment

Mr. Sitzenstatter Jr. (Readers' Forum, March 8) misses the point of my letter.
The late lamented emeritus classes were not time-filling clubs. They were
professional caliber courses for those hoping to publish writings, manage a
small business, etc.

The letter from the chamber musician points to another loss: an enjoyable
musical outlet killed because of a rule limiting personnel to four repeat
enrollments.

The four-repeats rule makes sense for credit classes that students need to
complete a degree or certificate. Applying it across the board to
community-serving courses, such as a chamber music group or perhaps theater
ensembles, leads to fewer courses and fewer enrollments, 2,000 fewer than some
years ago, according to the IJ.

- Elaine Reichert, Santa Venetia

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2016 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved

                              844 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Consumers File Lawsuit against Darigold, Inc. for Fraudulent
Marketing Claims

LENGTH: 377  words

DATELINE: Washington


United Farm Workers has issued the following news release:

Citing deceptive business practices and consumer fraud, consumers filed a
federal class action lawsuit against Darigold, an agricultural marketing
cooperative that is one of the largest dairy producers in the country with more
than 500 participating farms and total annual sales of almost $2 billion
dollars.

In the filing, the plaintiffs claim Darigold fraudulently misrepresents the way
its dairy members treat both animals and workers, in marketing materials and the
company's Corporate Social Responsibility Report.

The Law Offices of Marcos Camacho and Farmworker Justice are serving as
co-counsel for the consumer plaintiffs.

Although Darigold publicly claims that their participating dairies ensure proper
care for animal health, promote food safety and provide labor protections, the
lawsuit claims Darigold knows its representations are false because of rampant
labor and animal rights violations and poor working conditions on dairies. The
filing states that Darigold officials know that milk is produced from injured
and sick cows,  that workers do not have access to drinkable water, sanitary
lunch rooms or rest breaks, and that workers at member dairies claim on-going
wage theft and workplace discrimination.

"For years, Darigold has held itself out to consumers as a socially responsible
company, and for years customers have bought Darigold in reliance on those
promises" said Mario Martinez, attorney with the Law Offices of Marcos Camacho.
"But now that the company's history of animal abuse and employment law
violations have come to light, former Darigold customers are stepping forward to
demand that Darigold live up to its own standards. Our clients have said enough
is enough. Darigold must end its ongoing worker and animal abuses."

Workers and consumers will hold press conferences to announce the lawsuit and
display pictures of abused cows this coming Thursday.

WHAT: Press conference announcing consumer class action lawsuit against
Darigold, Inc.

WHEN: 1 p.m., Thursday, May 8, 2014

WHERE: McGraw Square, Westlake Ave. N & Stewart St., Seattle, WA 98101

WHO: Dairy workers, students, consumers and local community supporters.

For further information please visit: http://www.ufw.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              845 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

Bibi Shows Path To True Peace

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITORS:

Syndicated columnist Joel Brinkley completely misrepresents Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu's clear, strong and well-received speech to Congress. Note
that Mr. Brinkley never quotes that speech - in which Netanyahu used the word
"peace" 49 times (I counted), and stated, "I am willing to make painful
compromises to achieve this historic peace."

Instead, Mr. Brinkley feels that the Arabs and Europeans are angry (he never
offers evidence) because Netanyahu refused to offer Israel's neck to people who
ardently and vocally wish to slice and dice that tiny land into the peace of the
grave.

Mr. Brinkley ends his strange column admitting that Hamas, which is one of the
ruling factions over the Palestinians, is a "vicious, evil, unrepentant group"
that intends to destroy Israel. Note to Mr. B: Fatah is not much better. Mr.
Brinkley completely misunderstands the dynamic where concessions, especially
concessions of land, encourage violent aggression from these two groups.

As the prime minister put it, "... our conflict has never been about the
establishment of a Palestinian state. It has always been about the existence of
the Jewish state ... President Abbas must do what I have done. I stood before my
people ... and I said, 'I will accept a Palestinian state.' It is time for
President Abbas to stand before his people and say, 'I will accept a Jewish
state.'"

Prime Minister Benjamin "Bibi" Netanyahu has clearly shown the path to true
peace. It is time for the Palestinians to finally reciprocate.

Christopher Brooks

Lancaster

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              846 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 12, 2010 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

SALVATORI LAMBASTES FRENCH MAILING;
Says ad misrepresents his raceway positions;

BYLINE: John Craig<P>johnc@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5429<P>

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 510 words


County commissioner candidate Steve Salvatori says a weekend "attack" mailing by
rival Al French improperly put words in his mouth.

"Steve says, 'Zoom,' " according to the mailing, which facetiously shows
Salvatori and fellow Republican candidate Jeff Holy standing on the track at the
Spokane County Raceway in orange jumpsuits and racing helmets.

"Jeff says, 'V-room,'" according to Holy's speech bubble in the campaign card.

The message concludes that "only Al French says stop wasting tax dollars on a
raceway."

"The mailer implies that both Jeff Holy and I advocate spending taxpayer dollars
on the Spokane Raceway and that Al is the only Republican against it," Salvatori
said in a news release.

Asked for his view of French's advertisement, Holy said, "I'm taller than that."

Holy said French's characterization was wrong but, "if I can just focus on what
I need to accomplish rather than the noise out there, I'd rather do that."

French, a former Spokane city councilman, said his mailing was "a statement of
position," not an attack. Salvatori "just simply doesn't know what he is
advocating for," French said.

Neither does Holy, French said, noting Holy agrees with Salvatori that the
controversial raceway should operate as a self-sustaining "enterprise" fund.

If an enterprise doesn't generate enough income to cover its costs, it must
either shut down or find the money somewhere else - such as the county general
fund, French said.

Salvatori conceded that an enterprise fund can't guarantee solvency. But, he
said, "it's a bit of a lock box" that might discourage commissioners from
spending general fund money on the raceway.

French also criticized Holy's interest in subsidizing the raceway with surplus
money from enterprise operations such as golf or the fairgrounds.

"I am sure that golfers in the community would love to see their revenue used to
support a racetrack operation," French said.

The raceway currently is a general fund program of the Parks Department, but
county officials plan to reimburse the general fund and use real estate and
rental car taxes to pay off $7.1 million in bonds.

The bonds, to be issued later this month, will cover the cost of acquiring and
improving the raceway. The county's 10-year contract with the raceway operator
guarantees only $73,346 a year in income.

Salvatori said he would have voted against a $588,500 appropriation Tuesday to
realign the road course, separating it from the drag strip and eliminating the
need for office traffic to cross the course.

Incumbent Democrat Bonnie Mager, who voted against buying the raceway, was alone
again Tuesday in opposing the new expenditure.

French and Holy said they didn't want to be "Monday morning" or "armchair"
quarterbacks.

Otherwise, interviews with French, Salvatori and Holy indicate their positions
on the raceway are similar. None of them would have bought it in the first
place, and all of them say they want to sell it when the economy improves.

<b>SIDEBAR:</b>

<b>On the Web:</b> Read more election news at
spokesman.com/sections/election-2010

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              847 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 12, 2008 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Preservationist Maintains She Did Not Misrepresent the City

BYLINE: By ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1068 words


In October 2006, a Manhattan preservationist, Virginia Parkhouse, got up at a
public hearing and announced that she would read a letter from the borough
president, Scott M. Stringer, in support of giving landmark status to two
stables on the Upper West Side.

''I ask that you immediately protect the important part of history of the Upper
West Side and landmark these buildings,'' she said.

But according to court documents, those were not the exact words of the letter,
which backed preservation, but with a less urgent tone. And now Mr. Stringer
says that after writing the letter, he had changed his mind about one of the
buildings because demolition had already begun.

After Mr. Stringer complained to the Landmarks Commission that Ms. Parkhouse
misrepresented him, the commission went to the Department of Investigation,
which began looking into the complaint.

Ms. Parkhouse has denied the accusations and has gone to court to defend her
testimony. In oral arguments on Friday before the Appellate Division of State
Supreme Court in Manhattan, her lawyer, Whitney North Seymour Jr., argued that
Ms. Parkhouse had a First Amendment right to testify before a government agency
and that the city's investigation of her would have a chilling effect on
public-spirited citizens.

''It is self-evident that this episode was generated by rancor on the part of a
public official and was intended by the angered official to frighten and
chastise the entire group of preservation advocates, specifically those
associated with Landmark West,'' Ms. Parkhouse said in her court papers. The New
York Civil Liberties Union has also filed papers in support of her case.

In October 2007, a lower court judge, Justice Herman Cahn of State Supreme Court
in Manhattan, had ruled against Ms. Parkhouse, finding that she had
misrepresented the meaning of the letter. He denied Ms. Parkhouse's request to
cancel a subpoena issued by the Department of Investigation.

Rose Gill Hearn, the department's commissioner, said in a statement on Friday
that she did not take issue with Ms. Parkhouse's right to express her views.

''That is not what this case is about,'' Ms. Hearn said.

''D.O.I. was asked by the city's Landmarks Preservation Commission to
investigate an allegation that two people had made representations before the
commission in which they falsely claimed to be speaking on behalf of certain
elected officials and that one had even signed in falsely as an elected
official's representative.''

The stables in question had not housed horses for years. A developer, the
Related Companies, had plans to knock them down one of them, the Dakota Stables
on Amsterdam Avenue near 77th Street, and put up a condominium building designed
by Robert A. M. Stern Architects. Ultimately, the commission voted against
landmark status, and the Dakota Stables were knocked down. The other stable, the
New York Cab Company stables at 201 West 75th Street, was given landmark
protection.

On Oct. 1, 2006, two weeks before the hearing, Mr. Stringer received a $3,850
donation from Jeff T. Blau, president of Related Companies, according to city
campaign finance records. Related and its officials have given at least $300,000
to dozens of New York City candidates since 1989, including at least $14,000 to
Mr. Stringer since 2003, according to city campaign finance records.

Mr. Stringer declined to comment on Friday. Mr. Blau could not be reached for
comment.

But Mr. Stringer's spokesman, Dick Riley, said that the decision to pursue an
investigation of Ms. Parkhouse was made by the city's Landmarks Preservation
Commission and Department of Investigation. Mr. Riley said that contributions do
not dictate Mr. Stringer's decisions.

The court case hinges on the  letter that Mr. Stringer wrote to Robert B.
Tierney, chairman of the Landmarks Preservation Commission, on Aug. 14, 2006. In
the letter, Mr. Stringer asked that the commission ''calendar'' the stables --
that is, schedule a public hearing to discuss landmark status for  them --  to
''protect an important part of the history of the development of the Upper West
Side.''

Ms. Parkhouse denies that she misrepresented herself. On the sign-up sheet for
the hearing, held Oct. 17, Ms. Parkhouse signed in with her home address in
Murray Hill, as a representative of Landmark West. She then said she was
''volunteering'' to read the letter from Mr. Stringer.

Justice Cahn ruled that Ms. Parkhouse misrepresented the meaning of Mr.
Stringer's letter by changing the last sentence.

Ms. Parkhouse argues that at that point, ''calendaring'' was a moot point,
because the hearing was the very hearing that Mr. Stringer had asked to be
''calendared.'' She argued that she did not change the substance of his request,
and her lawyer said in court that she didn't realize that he had changed his
mind.

Mr. Stringer's aides say that landmark status itself was moot by October,
because workers had already begun chipping away at the facade of the Dakota
Stables.

On Nov. 27, 2006, Jimmy Yan, Mr. Stringer's counsel, sent a letter to the
Landmarks Preservation Commission to ''clarify'' Mr. Stringer's position on
landmark status for the two buildings and to complain that Ms. Parkhouse had
misrepresented herself by giving the impression that she was speaking for Mr.
Stringer.

The letter said that Ms. Parkhouse may have violated New York penal law on
''criminal impersonation, an offense that includes acting with intent to cause
another to rely upon pretended official authority.''

In February 2007, the Landmarks Commission sent a complaint to the Department of
Investigation, saying that Ms. Parkhouse and Lindsay Miller, a colleague, had
both misrepresented themselves at the meeting, according to the city's court
papers. Ms. Miller was accused of falsely signing in as a representative of
Assemblywoman Linda B. Rosenthal.

Investigators asked Ms. Parkhouse and Ms. Miller to come in for interviews. Ms.
Miller agreed, but then invoked her right to remain silent when she was asked to
take an oath before speaking. Ms. Parkhouse refused to even respond to
investigators, and the Department of Investigation issued a subpoena seeking her
cooperation. She then went to court to quash the subpoena.

Ms. Hearn said that finding out what really happened would help city agencies
take measures, if necessary, ''to protect the integrity of their proceedings.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company

                              848 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             October 8, 2007 Monday

Sturla's health care bill falls short

BYLINE: Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 393  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITOR:

State Rep. Mike Sturla deliberately misrepresents the facts in his letter "The
goal is to cover all Pennsylvanians" (Intell, Sept. 28), about healthcare in
Pennsylvania and the sensible single-payer bill, which Rendell repeatedly says
he will sign.

First, the current price tag to Pennsylvania businesses and citizens is over $50
billion. Under HB 1660, The Family and Business Healthcare Security Act, the
cost would be $43 billion, which includes federal funds for children's health
insurance, Medicaid and Medicare. That would be less. But Sturla chooses to skew
in favor of the insurance-industry bill. HB 1660 would not "double the size of
government." I never thought I would hear a Lancaster Democrat skewing like this
against serving the people, but there it is.

The difference between the bills is that Sturla's expensive "healthcare tax" is
called a premium that goes to insurance companies, and currently increases 100
percent every four years. This enriches the executives at Blue Cross and Blue
Shield and others, while leaving more than 1 million Pennsylvanians uncovered
and millions more at risk of financial ruin, even with the coverage they have.
Sturla's bill perpetuates the claim-denial system, that causes the deaths of
thousands annually and drags our state economy down.

My business would save $50,000 annually under HB 1600, and most businesses and
people would pay less, not more, as Sturla implies. In fact, most would pay 50
percent less and never have to pay Worker's Comp again, or have to pay the HR
costs of managing Rendell's and Sturla's complex system.

Yet HB 1660 covers everyone in the state. Imagine what you can do when you don't
have to pay Sturla's lobbying friends, massive amounts of admin costs, sales and
marketing and those nice TV ads we keep seeing.

And while covering all kids is an important goal, covering parents, singles and
childless couples is important, too, and morally right. It's sad to see Sturla's
running behind kids for cover. It is squandering an opportunity to lead on
something that is the most important moral and societal issue of our time, and
it's baffling to me and other of his constituents.

Sturla's bill doesn't deliver. HB 1660 does. Then again, Sturla has accepted
campaign money from Highmark and the insurance lobby. It's apparently money well
spent.

Charlie Crystle, Lancaster

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LETTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              849 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             August 4, 2006 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Johnson courts Jewish vote in 4th District race

BYLINE: JIM GALLOWAY, ERNIE SUGGS; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 657 words


With four days to go, Hank Johnson is seeking the Jewish community's support ---
and money --- in his fight to beat U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney in the Aug. 8
Democratic runoff.

"We will no longer tolerate those who apologize for doctrines of hateful
violence and refuse to accept Israel's right to exist, nor will we tolerate
those who solicit the support of corrupt Arab regimes," said an e-mailed
solicitation by Johnson aimed at Jewish voters and donors in Atlanta.

In that letter, sent Wednesday, Johnson condemns McKinney's "irrational
understanding of international affairs."

"Her shrill, conspiracy-theorist politics alienate colleagues, misrepresent
voters, and make us and our allies less secure," Johnson wrote.

Deb McGhee Speights, spokeswoman for the Johnson campaign, confirmed the
authenticity of the letter but played down its significance. "All segments of
the community are important, and we are appealing to all voters," Speights said.
"We have other letters going out to other people."

John Evans, McKinney's campaign manager, said he was not surprised by Johnson's
appeal to Jewish voters. "If people are doing that --- writing letters --- he is
just trying to get their votes. Just like we are writing letters trying to get
votes," Evans said.

Four years ago, when McKinney faced Denise Majette in the 2002 Demoratic primary
for the 4th District congressional seat, Jewish and Arab sympathizers became a
major funding source for both candidates, with most Jewish contributions flowing
to Majette and Muslim contributions going to McKinney.

Majette won the seat, only to abandon it two years later to make an unsuccessful
run for the U.S. Senate.

Johnson appears to have tapped many of the same national and local sources as
Majette.

On Wednesday, Johnson stopped by the home of former DeKalb County CEO Liana
Levetan, who wanted him to meet some supporters.

"I think what the people are looking for is a balanced representation and
someone who understands the importance of supporting Israel. It is the only
democracy in that part of the world. American's security and safety has a great
deal to do with what happens over there," said Levetan, who is Jewish and a
Holocaust survivor.

Levetan, who ran against McKinney in the 2004 congressional primary, said she
has donated about $350 to Johnson's campaign. "I cannot speak for the Jewish
community, but I think the Jewish community is very much aware of the current
congresswoman's views toward Israel," Levetan said.

McKinney has spoken out recently against Israel's bombardment of Lebanon and has
said the United States should order Israel to "stand down."

Johnson also attended a recent pro-Israel rally at the Ahavath Achim synagogue
in Buckhead, sponsored by the Jewish Federation of Greater Atlanta. He received
a standing ovation from a near-capacity crowd of 2,000, according to attendees.

Between July 26 and Aug. 2, Johnson collected at least $69,200, according to
documents his campaign has filed with the Federal Elections Commision. One gift
of $5,000 came from Friends of Israel.

The Hill newspaper, which covers Congress, identified seven other pro-Israel
groups that gave to Johnson on a single day this week. Five of them gave to
Majette four years ago.

Only contributions of $1,000 and more are required to be reported. Johnson
fund-raiser Kristin Oblander said small donations have pushed the total amount
Johnson has raised far higher.

In the same one-week period, McKinney reported nearly $50,000 to the FEC. About
$15,000 came from unions. Another $5,000 came from the Congressional Black
Caucus in Washington. Personal donors included former Atlanta Mayor Andrew
Young, who gave $1,000.

But past donors to this year's campaign also include A.S. Nakadar, founder of
the Muslim Media Network, and Faroque Khan, president of the Islamic Center of
Long Island.

"Yes, we are getting money," said Evans, McKinney's campaign manager. "We are
paying the bills and moving on."

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              850 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 26, 2005 Friday

Professor shares movie wisdom;
AND ANOTHER THING

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 798 words


THE LAZY DAYS of summer are winding down, and not a minute too soon for the
Professor.

Professor Barrywood has been particularly lazy this summer, and he still feels
guilty about canceling those counseling sessions with Brad and Jen, and then
backing out of his commitment to give advanced horseback riding lessons at
Madonna's English estate.

Still, the Professor is never too lazy or guilt-ridden to answer your fake
show-business questions.

Question: What is the only thing worse than movie trailers that give away the
ending of a movie?

Professor Barrywood: Trailers that misrepresent the movies they're promoting.

For instance, most of you probably have seen the trailer for the new Wes Craven
thriller "Red Eye" that features actor Cillian Murphy looking real creepy as he
terrorizes actress Rachel McAdams on a plane. At one point, his eye actually
turns red, giving viewers the impression that the movie is a supernatural
thriller, and that it was named after the villain's evil red eye.

Neither is true. In fact, "Red Eye" is a suspenseful and well-made psychological
thriller with political overtones, and there is absolutely no supernatural
element to it, with the exception of Wes Craven's involvement. I assume that
some clever marketing people thought it would be a good idea to attract the
horror-meister's loyal fans by suggesting that this movie had a supernatural
theme.

It took the Professor a good 20 minutes to realize that it is not that kind of
movie (this warning will eliminate that problem for you), and it's only going to
annoy and disappoint the true Craven horror fans.

I mentioned the misleading trailer to a DreamWorks executive, and he assured me
that the offending trailer was going to be replaced. When I broached the subject
with Craven, he was furious. He had seen the trailer but was told that it was no
longer being shown.

Well, guess what? The trailer was still being aired on TV two weeks after I
spoke with the director.

And the movie is named for the red-eye flight to Miami during which the action
takes place.

Question: Is this truly the summer of the R-rated comedy?

Professor Barrywood: When the Professor was lounging by the pool at the Sky Bar
on the Sunset Strip with comedian Rob Schneider, the star of "Deuce Bigalow:
European Gigolo," Schneider predicted that if his movie did exceptionally well
at the box office, then 2005 would, indeed, be remembered as the summer that
R-rated movies made their triumphant return to the big screen.

Schneider was half-right. This is fast becoming the summer of the R-rated
comedy, but it has nothing to do with his movie, which tanked on its opening
weekend. But the R-rated "Wedding Crashers" is approaching $200 million at the
domestic box office, and I suspect that Steve Carell's "The 40 Year-Old Virgin,"
which is already doing boffo business, will have terrific box office as well.

Look for more R-rated comedies real soon.

Question: Is it my imagination or is the summer movie season getting longer?

Professor Barrywood: It is not your imagination. Thanks largely to the early
success of "The Mummy" in 1999, the first week in May is now considered the
official start of the summer movie season, as opposed to the more traditional
Memorial Day weekend. Each year, studios fight for the earliest possible summer
start, and I suspect that eventually we'll see summer movies opening in
February.

That's only part of the problem. August used to be considered a dead zone at the
box office, and studios would dump their tax write-offs in that month. Ever
since "The Sixth Sense" in 1999 proved that there is money to be made in the
month of August, studios have been saving some of their strongest summer films
for that month.

The movie industry's dead time has now been reduced to three hours on Sept. 2.

Question: Beautiful actresses love to tell interviewers that they stay home
dateless on Saturday nights because men are too intimidated to ask them out. Do
you believe them?

Professor Barrywood: Let me tell you a little story. I was having lunch with the
gorgeous young actress Jessica Biel ("Stealth") at a casual restaurant near her
Brentwood home. After we completed our meal, we walked outside to the valet
parking area. Always the gentleman, I offered to take her parking ticket and
hand it to the attendant.

I walked three steps and gave the ticket to the valet parker. I was gone about
five seconds. When I turned around, four men already were talking to the
actress. They weren't intimidated. They were drawn to her because that's what
happens to beautiful women.

If a beautiful actress is dateless on a Saturday night, it's because she wants
to be dateless on a Saturday night.

Barry Koltnow writes about movies for the Orange County Register.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              851 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 14, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Mr. Carter's Work in Bolivia

SECTION: Editorial; A18

LENGTH: 208 words


Robert D. Novak reported incorrect information and misrepresents the recent
visit of former  president Jimmy Carter to Bolivia ["Cultivating Ferment in
Bolivia," op-ed, Jan. 5]. He erroneously said that  Mr.

Carter called Evo Morales an "impressive" future leader of Bolivia, undermining
U.S. counter-drug policy, and that he called for a return of Chilean land to
Bolivia.

Mr. Carter did meet with Mr. Morales and every other party leader in the
Bolivian  congress. Although U.S. policy prevents our diplomats from talking
with Mr. Morales, Mr. Carter believes that talking with, rather than ignoring,
political leaders (in this case the second-place vote-getter in the 2002
presidential elections) is the best way to overcome political disputes.

In a speech to the Bolivian  congress,  Mr. Carter said, "My hope is that
Bolivia, Chile and Peru together will find a way to provide Bolivia with direct
access to the sea. When and if discussions are initiated between your country
and the others, the Carter Center and many others will be eager to assist in
finding an agreement."

He did not call for Chile to cede sovereignty over the land that would provide
access to the sea.

JENNIFER McCOY

Director

Americas Program

The Carter Center

Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post

                              852 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 21, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Black U.S. history makes national unity a tougher sell

BYLINE: Sean Gonsalves

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 1218 words

Since Sept. 11, the day when "everything" changed, you hear it everywhere, you
see it everywhere: United We Stand.

We do?

Unity, like freedom, is one of those ambiguous ideals that everyone is for. But
when talk turns to the historic struggle for social justice in America, that
warm-and-fuzzy feeling disappears, revealing this great country's ideological
fault lines. Just try sparkling up a dinner-party conversation, for instance, by
raising the topic of reparations for the historical wrongs done to black
Americans.


Party over.

Before there can be a fruitful national dialogue about reparations, there needs
to be some political consensus that a debt is owed. Conservative scholars
misrepresent the issue, arguing that calls for reparations are essentially about
"race hustlers" trying to extort an undeserved transfer of wealth from Americans
who immigrated to this country after slavery.

Not so. Reparations are not only about the first part of black history in this
country -- the two centuries of slave labor central to America's founding -- but
also about the political repression and economic deprivation violently imposed
on emerging "free" blacks for nearly a century after the Emancipation
Proclamation. This dark side of the USA's history still affects African-American
babies born today, so many of them into a life of poverty.

Reminders needed

That's one reason Black History Month is still very much needed in this
united-we-stand-sometimes nation. We need, for instance, to keep reminding new
generations of Americans that hundreds of white Tulsans burned and looted the
black Greenwood section of that city in 1921, leaving an estimated 50 whites and
150 to 200 blacks dead in their wake. No one was convicted for the murders,
larceny or arson.

The Tulsa riot was not the only such event in this country. Similar episodes
happened in Wilmington, N.C., in 1898, Atlanta in 1906, Springfield, Ill., in
1908, east St. Louis in 1917, Chicago in 1919 and Detroit in 1943. All are part
of black history in America.

Now add the sordid history of lynching in post-Reconstruction America. This
mostly Southern pastime claimed the lives of nearly 5,000 people, the vast
majority of them black, between 1882 and 1968 -- an average of one lynching per
week. The rationale provided by apologists of this atrocious act, in which
participants were known to mutilate their victims and keep body parts for
souvenirs, was that outlaw blacks needed to be controlled for the safety of
whites.

This also is black history in the United States.

King's views

Supposedly colorblind conservatives love to recall a famous line from Martin
Luther King's most celebrated speech: "I have a dream that my four children will
one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their
skin but by the content of their character." But in that same speech, King also
talked about a "promissory note" of unpaid rights due to America's darker-hued
citizens -- a point reparation opponents don't allow to get in the way of their
efforts to co-opt "the dream."

In another speech, King went further: "When millions of people have been cheated
for centuries, restitution is a costly process. Inferior education, poor
housing, unemployment, inadequate health care -- each is a bitter component of
the oppression that has been our heritage. Each will require billions of dollars
to correct. Justice so long deferred has accumulated interest, and its cost for
this society will be substantial in financial as well as human terms."

As a nation, we get a collective lump in our throat reminiscing about the
Marshall Plan that helped Europe rebuild in the wake of Nazi aggression -- or
dreaming about rebuilding Afghanistan in the wake of the Taliban. Why, then,
don't we have the national will to craft an urban Marshall Plan for poor
African-American communities so they can rebuild in the wake of the long reign
of racial terror?

Black history raises important and difficult issues for all Americans, and not
just during Black History Month. Confronting the tragedies of African-American
history is a crucial first step if "United We Stand" is to be more than just a
rally cry for war.

Sean Gonsalves is a Cape Cod (Mass.) Times staff writer and syndicated
columnist.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              853 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 21, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

Reader responses: Insurers concerned about domestic abuse

BYLINE: GOULD HAGLER JR., For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 121 words

The editorial on the domestic violence bill grotesquely misrepresents the
position of the insurance industry ("Stop bias against battered women," March
16). During the past several years I have attended numerous meetings at which
this legislation was discussed. I have never heard a representative of the
industry say anything remotely similar to the views attributed to insurers in
your editorial, i.e., that victims are to blame for choosing a " lifestyle" of
domestic abuse. What I have observed is industry lobbyists expressing legitimate
concerns and working in good faith to resolve difficult issues.
GOULD HAGLER JR.
Hagler, of Atlanta, is executive director of the Independent Insurance Agents of
Georgia.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution

                              854 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 16, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

Mall builders woo neighbors

BYLINE: JENNIFER ORSI

SECTION: COMMUNITY TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 663 words

DATELINE: LUTZ



The developers of a proposed regional shopping mall on N Dale Mabry Highway
have embarked on a major public relations campaign to draw supporters and
counter the opposition of neighboring residents.

A communications firm hired by Advance Leasing and Development of Port  Richey
has sent two direct mailings to northern Hillsborough County residents  in the
past week, describing the mall project and asking them to fill out  cards of
support.

"We are making a concerted effort to get information out about the  proposed
project to the community, both the residents and the businesses in  the
community," said Jim Frankowiak, president of Public Communications Inc.

The Lutz residents who have been campaigning against the proposed 193-acre
project at Dale Mabry and Van Dyke Road see it differently.

They say the mailing and advertisements in local newspapers misrepresent  those
who oppose the project, as well as omit what opponents see as the  negative
effects of the mall.

"They're trying to portray us as a vocal few," said Steve Cooke, a  University
of South Florida architecture professor who lives in the Lake  Crenshaw area
near the proposed mall. "To say we're only a vocal few is  trying again to put
us on the fringe, the environmental fanatics, the growth  fanatics."

Frankowiak said the effort is an attempt to give residents in the area
"information we felt hadn't been communicated" about the project.

Developers who seek rezoning for any project are legally required to notify
property owners within a certain area, and often will contact or meet with
residents from a wider area to seek support for their project from neighbors.
But the extent of the Advance Leasing public relations campaign goes well
beyond that.

The first mailing was a letter from George M. "Bud" Brown, president of  Advance
Leasing, which says "our proposal is being vigorously opposed by a  small but
vocal group of activists. Without your support, these activists  could undo the
long-term planning decisions of your elected representatives,  who voted to
concentrate growth at the project's location to avoid unplanned  strip
development."

The mall site is designated for regional commercial development, such as a
mall, in the county's comprehensive plan. The site is also designated as
environmentally sensitive, which some opponents see as a serious conflict.

Brown's letter includes a glossy fact sheet and artist's rendering of the  mall,
along with an unlabeled sheet of six photographs of a mall, and such  stores as
Saks Fifth Avenue and Bloomingdale's. The photos are from a Palm  Beach mall
developed by Forbes/Cohen Properties, the Michigan-based developer  that began
the Lutz mall, then abandoned it in 1989. Advance Leasing recently  announced
that Forbes/Cohen was rejoining the project, to take the lead  development role.

The second mailing is a letter from Nick and Peter Geraci, the owners of  the
land where the mall is proposed to be built, who talk about their family's  long
history in Hillsborough County.

They say the project is of great economic importance to the area, and that  it
is "the nucleus for a quality, well-planned future for North Hillsborough
County."

Frankowiak said he did not know how many people received the mailings, but
called the campaign "modest." In addition, his company has contacted many
business, civic and homeowners organizations in northern Hillsborough to offer
information about the mall, and a public meeting is planned for 7 p.m. June 23
at St. Paul Catholic Church, 12708 N Dale Mabry Highway.

Cooke and other Lutz residents also object to the location of the town  meeting,
which is about four miles south of the mall site and the surrounding
neighborhood.

"That's like having a town meeting in Palma Ceia for a project in West  Tampa,"
Cooke said. "Who's going to protest in Carrollwood the fact of a  wonderful,
upscale mall?"

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: COMMUNITY TIMES; TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR MAP; Map locates the proposed site for Advance Leasing Mall, (ran
TP)

                            Times Publishing Company

                              855 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 4, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Japanese Bonuses

SECTION: Section 3; Page 15, Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 220 words


To the Editor:

Henry Wallich (''Why Bonuses Make Sense for Unions,'' Business Forum, Jan. 22)
contends that a bonus system would allow the United States economy to reach an
objective of lower levels of unemployment without inflation. He points to the
Japanese bonus system to support his views. I believe this misrepresents the
Japanese system.

Japanese companies pay bonuses as an institutionalized part of their
compensation packages. Workers expect their bonuses and many major firms
negotiate the size of the bonus (in terms of the number of months of equivalent
salary not tied to productivity or profits) at the same time that they settle on
the annual wage increase, during the Spring Wage Offense (Shunto). If increases
in compensation have been restrained in Japan, it is because of the way in which
the Shunto system has operated as a natural wage policy and has nothing to do
with the existence of a bonus.

There are lessons concerning industrial relations and wage policy that we could
learn from the Japanese and that, if adopted in the United States, would help us
achieve lower rates of inflation with fuller employment, but a bonus system such
as Japan's is not one of them.

 ROBERT EVANS JR.  Professor of Labor Economics Brandeis University Waltham,
Mass., Jan. 23

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                              856 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Former Chief Operating Officer of Davis Bio-Pesticide Company Indicted for
Securities Fraud

LENGTH: 792  words


SEC Files Separate Civil Complaint

Hector Absi, 47, of Las Vegas, Nevada, was arrested today by FBI agents at his
home in Las Vegas.  He is charged in a 16-count indictment, unsealed today, that
was returned by a federal grand jury in Sacramento, California, on February 11.
The indictment charges Absi with conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud and
securities fraud; substantive counts of mail, wire and securities fraud; and
with other securities-related charges, U.S. Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner for the
Eastern District of California announced.

According to court documents, Absi is the former head of the sales department of
Marrone Bio Innovations Inc. (MBI), a company that developed and sold bio-based
pesticides and is headquartered in Davis, California.  Absi also served as MBIs
Chief Operating Officer from January 2014 until his resignation in August 2014.
MBI is a publicly traded company; its stock trades on the NASDAQ exchange under
the ticker symbol MBII.  As a publicly traded company, it is required to file
quarterly and annual reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
In its reports, MBI stated that it recorded revenue in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP).

The indictment alleges that, in order to increase sales of MBI products, Absi
sold MBI products to customers with side agreements that offered inventory
protection, under which MBI agreed to either repurchase the product from the
customer or extend the terms of payment if the customer was still in possession
of the product after a specified time period.  Under GAAP, revenue from sales
that include such agreements cannot be recognized on the companys books.  The
indictment alleges that between March 2013 and July 2014, Absi conspired with at
least one other MBI employee to misrepresent to MBIs accounting department, its
external auditors and the investing public that MBI had made sales under such
terms.  By concealing the practice, Absi caused MBI to report a doubling of its
revenue in 2013 in comparison to 2012.  Absi also allegedly conspired with
others to backdate the delivery of certain shipments of MBIs products to enhance
MBIs reported revenues for the quarter.  Absi received a performance-based bonus
and exercised stock options during a time when MBIs inflated revenue figures
were being reported.

It is critical to the integrity of the securities markets that we criminally
prosecute those who act to profit by deceiving those markets and the investing
public who rely on the accuracy of publicly filed reports, said U.S. Attorney
Wagner.  I am pleased that we have been able to coordinate effectively with the
SEC in this matter.

We thank the SEC for their partnership in this successful investigation, said
Assistant Special Agent in Charge Manuel Alvarez of the FBIs Sacramento Field
Office.  Such collaboration is essential to the success of securities fraud
investigations and ultimately protecting the integrity of the securities market.
Securities fraud is something most associate with Wall Street, not our region;
however, our region is home to many successful, publicly traded companies.
Unfortunately, this success also attracts greed-based crime and we will work
with our partners to root out those who seek to deceive investors by
manipulating revenue data.

We allege that Marrone Bio misled investors to make itself look like a
fast-growing new public company, said Director Jina L. Choi for the SECs San
Francisco Regional Office.  Public companies and their officers should know
better that taking shortcuts to recognize revenue in the near term is harmful to
investors and can be damaging to a companys long-term success.

This case is the product of an investigation by the FBI. Assistant U.S. Attorney
Todd A. Pickles is prosecuting the case.

SEC has also conducted an investigation into the conduct of Hector Absi while he
was an officer of MBI. Today it filed a civil complaint against Absi in the U.S.
District Court for the Eastern District of California, alleging that Absi
violated the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
federal rules issued under the Exchange Act and seeking an injunction against
Absi, disgorgement of wrongfully obtained benefits, and civil penalties.

If convicted, Absi faces a maximum statutory penalty of 25 years in prison and a
$5 million fine.  Any sentence, however, would be determined at the discretion
of the court after consideration of any applicable statutory factors and the
Federal Sentencing Guidelines, which take into account a number of variables.
The charges are only allegations; the defendant is presumed innocent until and
unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              857 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 14, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

HUD Investigates Loan Guarantee to Seattle; Housing Group Accuses City Officials
of Providing Inaccurate Data on Downtown Area

Judith Evans, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 760 words


The Department of Housing and Urban Development's inspector general is
investigating whether the city of Seattle should have received approval for a $
24.2 million loan guarantee from the housing agency to renovate a vacant
department store located in the center of the city's downtown retail corridor
that Nordstrom Inc. plans to turn into its flagship store.

The Seattle Displacement Coalition, a low-income housing advocacy group, in a
formal complaint filed with HUD last month said that city officials provided
inaccurate information to the federal agency's staff about the condition of the
city's downtown retail center in order to secure financing through a program
aimed at helping communities revitalize blighted business districts.

The investigation, which is being handled by the IG's Northwest office in
Seattle, comes as the city's mayor, Norm Rice, is high on the list of contenders
being considered by the Clinton administration to replace outgoing HUD Secretary
Henry G. Cisneros. HUD officials originally slated the investigation to begin in
January, according to a letter to John Fox, director of Seattle Displacement
Coalition. However, it appears the start of the inquiry has been moved up
because of its possible impact on Rice's nomination.

A spokeswoman for Rice's office confirmed that the mayor and an employee of the
city's Office of Economic Development have been interviewed by HUD officials in
connection with the investigation. HUD officials also have interviewed officials
of Seattle Displacement, which includes Jordan Brower, a former city council
candidate.

A. George Tilley, district inspector general for audit in Seattle, declined to
comment about the investigation or when it might be completed. But in his letter
to Fox, Tilley wrote, "Your complaint asserts that the characterization of the
area as blighted misrepresents the facts presented to HUD. We will review the
facts surrounding HUD's decision to approve the Section 108 Loan Guarantee to
independently determine its eligibility."

Laura Paksin, Rice's deputy press secretary, said, "We feel comfortable and
confident that we followed the policies and procedures of HUD. This loan is for
urban blight. It is being used for that purpose."

But the Seattle Displacement Coalition says the city submitted false crime
statistics in its HUD loan application to make it appear that the downtown area
had worsened significantly after the 700,000-square-foot Frederick & Nelson
department store was closed in 1992. The group also accused the city of seeking
the loan for the building's former owner, Pine Street Development, even though
there was interest from other developers to renovate the store without HUD
financing.

The $ 24.2 million loan guarantee allowed the city of Seattle to sell notes on
the financial market that are secured by the federal Treasury. The city in turn
sent the resulting cash to Pine Street Development, which will have to repay the
money to the institutions and individuals holding the debt. Pine Street
purchased the building from its former owner and then made a deal with
Nordstrom's department store to take it over. In return, Pine Street received
the three buildings that now make up Nordstrom's downtown complex. The city put
up federal Community Block Grant funds as collateral for the guarantee.

Seattle-based Nordstrom's plans to spend $ 100 million to renovate the building
into its flagship downtown department store and corporate offices, said
spokeswoman Brooke White. The renovations are slated for completion in 1998.

Jordan Brower of Seattle Displacement charged that the city "went to a great
deal of chicanery to hide key elements from HUD."

Figures from the Seattle Police Department were submitted with the HUD
application that showed the crime rate rose 162 percent after the Frederick &
Nelson building was closed. Seattle Displacement contends the figures are
inaccurate because they included statistics, such as graffiti, that were not
recorded in the years when the store was open. The police department later
revised the figures after the loan had been approved, the complaint said.

In addition, an employee from the city's economic development office, in a
confidential memo to a city councilwoman, provided some information about
Nordstrom's involvement and the loan's structure that council members were
advised to avoid discussing during a public hearing about the project. Investors
in the development group include Chicago developer Jeff Rhodes and saxophonist
Kenny G.


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, NORM RICE

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              858 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 18, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Effects of AZT

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 20;  Column 6;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 105 words


To the Editor:

"Children's AIDS Study Finds AZT Ineffective" (Science Times, Feb. 14) reported
results of Pediatric AIDS Clinical Trial Group study 152. Children in the study
were all HIV-infected, but did not all have AIDS. The study showed AZT less
effective than DDI alone or AZT/ DDI in combination after two years of
treatment. AZT has been shown to be effective in multiple studies and in this
study was equally effective for the first year of therapy. Your headline
misrepresents the study.

CATHERINE M. WILFERT, M.D.
Prof. of Pediatrics & Microbiology
Duke University Medical Center
Durham, N.C., Feb. 16, 1995

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                              859 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 27, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Worthless Assets

SECTION: Section 3; Page 18, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 123 words


To the Editor:

William B. O'Connell's article on the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(Sept. 6) expresses an almost Victorian sense of shock that these dastardly
private citizens should dare to disagree with Congress, allied with a remarkably
naive belief (despite our years of experience with Congressional smoke and
mirrors in fiscal matters) that Congress can be trusted to promote honest
accounting standards.

It comes as no surprise, when examining the specific examples he puts forward,
that in every instance Congress is permitting corporations willfully to
misrepresent their financial position by claiming assets which are currently
worthless, if indeed they exist at all.

D.H.E. DICCONS
  Durham, N.C., Sept.10

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                              860 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 24, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

'REFUGEE ROAD' ON 13, ON ASIANS

BYLINE: By JOHN CORRY

SECTION: Section C; Page 24, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 459 words


''REFUGEE ROAD'' is a muddle, and something of an anachronism, too. It is a 1981
documentary, made with a 1960's sensibility, and shown, in all the
unpredictability of summertime-doldrums programming, on Channel 13 at 10 o'clock
tonight. At the same time, it does have points of interest.

The principal point of interest is what it says about Southeast Asian refugees:
Their adjustment to American life can be painful; they're not sure they even
want to be here. This is not a new thought, but at least credit the documentary
with saying it imaginatively and well.

The secondary point of interest is the ease, indeed the zeal, with which
''Refugee Road'' misrepresents recent history. Who or what uprooted masses of
people in Southeast Asia and forced them to become refugees? Clearly, the
documentary says, it was the United States. ''Refugee Road'' is explicit.

Thus the opening sequence, which is made up of old television footage from the
Vietnam War. Napalm explodes; people flee; American helicopters hover. The
sequence ends with pictures of a man with a bandaged head coughing up gouts of
blood.

Go then to a refugee camp in Thailand, where families huddle behind fences. A
Cambodian farmer says that he has waited there five years and that two of his
children died in Cambodia. Then, in an interview, an American academic speaks
about the injustice of United States immigration policy. Moments after that, we
are at a rally of the Ku Klux Klan.

''We are totally opposed,'' a Klansman says, ''to any Southeast Asian or any
Mongolian or any colored immigration into this country from anywhere. This is
our religious belief.''

''Refugee Road,'' financed by the National Endowment for the Humanities, is
casual about this; it is simply the way it sees the world. The Cambodian
farmer's children could not have been murdered by the Khmer Rouge. The Laotians
in the documentary could not have fled the Pathet Lao. Vietnamese boat people,
their exodus already five years under way by 1981, are never mentioned. The
United States is the oppressor, and Southeast Asians are the oppressed.

The film maker, Tom Hayes, is steadfast on this. When we see a Laotian family
renting an apartment somewhere in Ohio, the camera comes in close on a framed
photograph on the landlord's table. It is a picture of a soldier in fatigues,
holding an M-16. We are reminded, of course, of the opening sequence.

Meanwhile, when Mr. Hayes's camera is not pressing its world view, it is
provocative, even touching, about the Laotian family. The parents are bereft;
the children are bewildered. Almost in spite of itself, the documentary succeeds
then in telling us something of value. ''Refugee Road'' sees no difference
between what is spurious and what is real.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of scene from 'Refugee Road'

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              861 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

New York: A.G. Schneiderman Announces Groundbreaking Consumer Protection
Settlement With The Three National Credit Reporting Agencies

LENGTH: 1990  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of Attorney General, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman today announced a settlement with the
nation's three leading national credit reporting agencies, Experian Information
Solutions, Inc., ("Experian"), Equifax Information Services, LLC ("Equifax"),
and TransUnion LLC ("TransUnion"). The agreement means the companies will
improve credit report accuracy; increase the fairness and efficacy of the
procedures for resolving consumer disputes of credit report errors; and protect
consumers from unfair harm to their credit histories due to medical debt. All
three credit reporting agencies worked cooperatively with the office to develop
these critical reforms.

"Credit reports touch every part of our lives. They affect whether we can obtain
a credit card, take out a college loan, rent an apartment, or buy a car - and
sometimes even whether we can get jobs," Attorney General Schneiderman said.
"The nation's largest reporting agencies have a responsibility to investigate
and correct errors on consumers' credit reports. This agreement will reform the
entire industry and provide vital protections for millions of consumers across
the country. I thank the three agencies for working with us to help consumers."

"Debt collection is consistently one of our top complaints, with collection of
debts not owed being the number one reason New Yorkers contact us," said NYC
Department of Consumer Affairs Commissioner Julie Menin. "Mistakes like these,
illegal payday loans and other information like medical debt end up on credit
reports where they can misrepresent a consumer's creditworthiness. The agreement
by Attorney General Schneiderman with the three credit reporting companies is no
small feat and I applaud him for ambitiously requiring these institutional
agencies to make it easier to obtain and repair one's report."

"Today marks a major victory for New York consumers; it has been widely reported
over the last few years that there are gross inaccuracies that can be found on
the average consumer's credit report," said Assemblyman Jeffrey Dinowitz. "Our
system puts great faith in the credit reporting agencies to serve as the de
facto watch dogs of the credit market in this country and in New York State. To
put it simply, the current system was failing. As Chairman of the Assembly
Standing Committee on Consumer Affairs and Protection I held a hearing on the
inaccuracy of credit reports in 2013 and what we found was a system that ignored
errors and made it practically impossible for a consumer to repair their credit
without undue hardships. This settlement should help to restore consumers' faith
in the credit reporting system and will hopefully make repairing erroneous marks
on their report that much simpler. I applaud Attorney General Schneiderman for
his action on this issue."

"Problems with credit reports routinely block people's access to housing and
jobs, particularly low income people and people of color," said Susan Shin,
Senior Staff Attorney at New Economy Project. "The practices of the big three
credit reporting agencies have an outsized impact on the lives of hundreds of
millions of people. We applaud Attorney General Schneiderman for his leadership
in challenging fundamental inequities in the credit reporting system."

"This agreement addresses some of the most egregious problems in credit
reporting that consumer advocates have complained about for many years," said
Chi Chi Wu, National Consumer Law Center staff attorney. "We commend Attorney
General Schneiderman and his staff for getting these changes, which should
benefit consumers enormously."

Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion are credit reporting agencies ("CRAs") that
maintain consumer credit information on approximately 200 million consumers. The
credit information is compiled by the CRAs via voluntary submissions from "data
furnishers" such as banks and collection agencies. The CRAs provide credit
reports to companies who then use the reports to assess consumers'
credit-worthiness. Creditors use credit reports to assign numerical ratings,
called "credit scores" that are used in determining whether to grant credit and
in determining the cost of credit.

Credit report errors may arise as a result of identity theft or fraud, or
through the CRAs' process of matching information provided by furnishers to
individual consumer's credit files. For example, when consumers have similar
names and share other identifying information, some or all of the credit
information of one consumer can become "mixed" into the file of another
consumer.

A 2012 study by the Federal Trade Commission found that 26% of study
participants identified at least one potentially material error in their credit
reports, and that 13% of study participants experienced a change for the better
in their credit score as a result of modification to their credit report after a
dispute to a credit reporting agency. These findings suggest that millions of
consumers have material errors on their credit reports.

The Attorney General's settlement requires the CRAs to institute a number of
reforms to increase protections for consumers, over a three year period. Many of
those reforms will be instituted nationwide:

1. Improving the Dispute Resolution Process

Consumers have the right to challenge inaccurate information in their credit
report by initiating a "dispute" with a CRA. Attorney General Schneiderman's
investigation of the CRAs revealed that in some cases, the CRAs use a
fully-automated process in which they reduce consumers' disputes to a
three-digit code and submit the code and any documentation to the creditor. If
the creditor verifies the challenged information, the CRA rejects the consumer's
dispute without conducting any further investigation.

The agreement requires that the CRAs employ specially trained employees to
review all supporting documentation submitted by consumers for all disputes
involving mixed files, fraud or identity theft. The agreement also requires
that, for all categories of disputes, when a creditor verifies a disputed credit
item through the automated dispute resolution system, the CRA will not
automatically reject the consumer's dispute, but rather, a CRA employee with
discretion to resolve the dispute must review the supporting documentation.

2. Medical Debt

Over half of all collection items on credit reports are medical debts. Medical
debts often
result from insurance-coverage delays or disputes. As a result, medical debt may
not accurately reflect consumers' creditworthiness.

Pursuant to the Attorney General's agreement, the CRAs will institute a 180-day
waiting period before medical debt will be reported on a consumer's credit
report. This waiting period will provide extra time to permit resolution of
delinquencies that result from insurance delays or disputes. In addition, while
delinquencies ordinarily remain on credit reports even after a debt has been
paid, the CRAs will remove all medical debts from a consumer's credit report
after the debt is paid by insurance.

3. Increasing the Visibility of AnnualCreditReport.com

Many consumers are not aware that they are legally entitled to one free annual
credit report from each CRA via AnnualCreditReport.com. Consumers searching for
a credit report online frequently find a CRA's website, and many consumers
subscribe to a CRA credit monitoring service to obtain a credit report or
purchase a credit report from the CRA without understanding that they can obtain
a free credit report. The agreement requires the CRAs to include a
prominently-labeled hyperlink to the AnnualCreditReport.com website on the CRAs'
homepages. The hyperlink must appear directly on the CRAs' homepages or via a
drop-down menu visible on the homepages.

4. Additional Free Annual Credit Report

Consumers have a statutory right to obtain one free credit report per year from
each CRA. The Attorney General's agreement requires the CRAs to provide a second
free credit report to consumers who experience a change in their credit report
as a result of initiating a dispute. This requirement will permit consumers to
verify that the CRA made the correction to their credit report without have to
pay for a second credit report.

5. Payday Loan Debt

Predatory high-interest loans made in violation of New York lending laws are
often referred to as "payday loans." New Yorkers who take these loans often have
trouble paying them back, damaging their credit, and making it more difficult to
obtain a credit card, get a job, or even rent an apartment. The Attorney
General's agreement prohibits the CRAs from including debts from lenders who
have been identified by the Attorney General as operating in violation of New
York lending laws on New York consumers' credit reports.

6. Furnisher Monitoring

Companies that provide consumer data to the CRAs ("furnishers") must investigate
consumers' disputes and report their findings to the CRAs. The Attorney
General's agreement requires the three CRAs to create a National Credit
Reporting Working Group ("Working Group") that will develop a set of best
practices and policies to enhance the CRAs' furnisher monitoring and data
accuracy. The Working Group will develop metrics for analyzing furnisher data,
including: the number of disputes related to particular furnishers or categories
of furnishers; furnishers' rate of response to disputes; and dispute outcomes.
Each CRA will implement policies to monitor furnishers' performance and take
corrective action against furnishers that fail to comply with their obligations.

7. Media Campaign About Consumers' Rights

To ensure that consumers understand their rights, the Attorney General's
agreement requires the CRAs to carry out an extensive consumer education
campaign in New York via public service announcements and paid placements on
television, radio, print media, and online. The campaign will be carried out
over three years and will focus on consumers' rights to: (a) obtain a free
annual credit report; (b) dispute errors in their credit reports; and (c) submit
documents in support of disputes. The agreement also requires the CRAs to expand
the consumer education materials available on AnnualCreditReport.com, the
website that consumers can use to obtain their free annual credit report.

All three credit reporting agencies cooperated in the Attorney General's
investigation and demonstrated a strong commitment to reforming practices to
increase protections for consumers.

Tips for Consumers:

You can get a free credit report from each of the CRAs once each year.
    To get your free report, visit www.AnnualCreditReport.com or call
(877)-322-8228.
    You can request all three credit reports at the same time, or you can
request the reports separately. Spreading out the reports permits you to monitor
your credit over the course of the year.
    It is important to review your credit report regularly in order to check for
errors.
    If you find an error, you have the right to dispute the error with the CRA
and with the company that provided the information.
    You have the right to submit copies of documents that support your dispute.
You may submit such documents to the CRAs online via the CRAs' websites.
    Watch out for websites that claim to offer "free" credit reports, but
require you to subscribe to their fee-based services in order to obtain the
credit report.

New York City residents who need help understanding their credit report or
improving their credit score, should call 311 to find their nearest Financial
Empowerment Center for free financial counseling.

This case was handled by Special Counsel Carolyn Fast, Assistant Attorney
General Melissa O'Neill and Bureau Chief Jane M. Azia, all of the Consumer
Frauds Bureau, and Executive Deputy Attorney General Karla G. Sanchez

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              862 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

Delaware The Real Story About Common Core

LENGTH: 888  words

DATELINE: Dover


Office of the  Governor Jack Markell, The State of Delaware has issued the
following news release:

This is a pivotal moment for the Common Core State Standards.

Although 45 states quickly adopted the higher standards created by governors and
state education officials, the effort has begun to lose momentum. Some are now
wavering in the face of misinformation campaigns from people who misrepresent
the initiative as a federal program and from those who support the status quo.
Legislation has been introduced in at least 12 states to prohibit implementation
and states have dropped out of the two major Common Core assessment consortia.
Opposition voices are growing louder as new assessments show students aren't
performing as well as they had on easier state tests offered previously.

The debate about the standards must be changed to ensure politics and mythology
don't derail a vital effort to improve opportunities for our kids as they are
falling further behind their international peers. Too often, supporters of
raising expectations for our students are refuting broad claims that have
nothing do with why we brought together teachers, education experts and
employers to develop the Common Core initiative. Instead, we must emphasize the
real impact of this initiative in our classrooms.

Contrary to claims by opponents who say we're taking away local control of
curriculum, how educators teach the standards is entirely up to them. We have
clear illustrations of teachers and administrators across the country developing
innovative ways to help their students meet the new benchmarks.

In Delaware, elementary instructors have come together to teach basic physics
concepts such as force and motion. They developed a creative hands-on lesson in
which the students build and refine toy sail cars. As one teacher in the program
said, the hands-on practice students "are getting now is teaching them way
better than any worksheet or textbook."

In a Michigan elementary school, the shift to the new standards led educators to
develop methods for teaching concepts at greater depth and in ways that allow
students to apply those concepts to many scenarios, rather than through
memorization. A second-grade math class is now using "bar models," a technique
that has proved effective in some of the highest-performing schools in the
world. The district's math specialist says they've "seen a lot of positive
feedback from teachers because they're able to take their students a lot further
this year."

And English teachers at South Middle School in Grand Forks, North Dakota, are
aligning lessons with Common Core by incorporating a discussion model that leads
to a deeper understanding of texts. For example, they ask students to think
critically about the values of a narrator, asking questions such as: "What
evidence is there in this excerpt that [the narrator] doesn't care about what
she did?"

All of these efforts represent precisely what we hoped Common Core would
encourage when we worked with our colleagues at the National Governors
Association and the Council of Chief State School Officers to create the
program. They are the reason that unlikely coalitions of Democrats and
Republicans, as well as business leaders and union presidents, are urging states
to resist political pressures and stay focused on implementing the standards.

According to Gallup's World Poll, there are 3 billion people looking for work
and only 1.2 billion potential jobs available. The jobs will go where the
skilled workforce is, and we are in danger of falling behind if we don't raise
the bar for our students. The most recent Program for International Student
Assessment shows that even once-struggling nations, such as Estonia, Poland and
Vietnam, are surpassing the U.S. This has serious consequences for individual
economic opportunity and national economic growth.

In the coming months, elected officials and the Bipartisan Policy Center's
Governors' Council will team up to publicize the facts about Common Core and
challenge misinformation about what the standards mean.

We will help fill the leadership vacuum that has existed among even Common
Core's strongest proponents by providing states with materials to inform the
public and assistance in applying best practices. We will share models of how
states can successfully teach the standards -- such as ways to bring together
the best teachers across districts to share strategies, curriculum and lesson
plans.

And we will help advocates find the most effective ways to communicate about the
Common Core -- such as the back-to-school nights held in Delaware, where
community leaders were shown Common Core lessons. Those leaders saw that, in
practice, the standards set goals that make sense to parents and teachers,
including ensuring fourth-graders can multiply large numbers and write an essay.

If we put the focus on the great work being done to implement Common Core in
classrooms across the U.S., instead of debating abstract political rhetoric, we
will give our students the opportunities they deserve.

(This piece was co-written by Governor Markell and former Governor Sonny Perdue
of Georgia, who were co-chairmen of the Common Core State Standards Initiative.
It was originally published by Bloomberg.com.)

For further information please visit: http://governor.blogs.delaware.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              863 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday
                            All but Toronto Edition

This Misrepresents Everything

BYLINE: Peter Foster, Financial Post

SECTION: FP COMMENT; Pg. FP9

LENGTH: 855  words


A part from the stock shots of effluent pipes and belching smokestacks, Naomi
Klein's idea of objectivity about the Alberta oilsands is to find a worker
prepared to blow his nose on a banknote in a Fort McMurray bar.

Scenes like this make Klein's documentary This Changes Everything, which will
air on CBC on Thursday night, not just intellectually vacuous but downright
objectionable.

The guy using the currency as nasal tissue might well now be out of a job, not
just because of the oil price collapse, but because of the prominent role played
by Klein in killing the Keystone XL pipeline and thus draining billions from the
Alberta economy.

Much of the movie, which is based on Klein's endless book of the same name,
takes the form of a series of confrontations between local people and some form
of development: the oilsands in Alberta; pipelines, coal and shale in Montana
and Wyoming; a coal-fired electricity plant in India; a goldmine in Greece;
killer smog in Beijing.

The propaganda sequence runs roughly: riot, teargas (not required in Beijing),
shots of people running and screaming, rinse and repeat.

This is not to suggest that consultation with local communities is not
necessary, but things are in fact not quite as simple as presented. In
Kleinworld, agitation is often organized by multinational environmental NGOs
with an anti-development agenda and little or no concern for local people's
welfare. Meanwhile it takes considerable chutzpah to suggest that Greece's
problems might be based on any version of capitalism.

The wobbly intellectual substructure to Klein's catalogue of capitalist crimes
is the system's alleged belief that Mother Nature is there to be raped and
pillaged, and that resources are infinite. The film never presents anyone who
actually holds this view because, like most of Klein's claims, it is demonic
nonsense.

Klein's evil capitalist clincher is, of course, climate change, which is
epitomized by Superstorm Sandy. But that storm can in no way shape or form be
laid at the door of man-made global warming.

It is ironic indeed that early on in the film Klein attends a meeting of the
British Royal Society - home of Newton and Darwin - as the supposed epicentre of
the scientific assault on spirituality. The meeting is to discuss geoengineering
as a solution to climate change ("pollution to fight pollution"). But while
there are indeed many questions about such schemes, the implication that the
Royal Society is a bastion of objectivity, particularly when it comes to
climate, is almost satirical. Indeed several recent presidents of the society
have gone off the reservation when it comes to the climate issue and have had to
be reined in my their own members.

The movie, which was directed by Klein's husband Avi Lewis, scion of one of
Canada's most prominently canting socialist families, is outstanding only for
its perspective-free hypocrisy.

Take the posturing of Crystal Lameman of the Beaver Lake Cree, who live in the
vicinity of the oilsands. Lameman, who will later appear delivering a speech to
a mob in Washington, spouts fortune-cookie mysticism about the land owning the
people rather than the other way round. But the arresting point is that she is
doing so while dressed and made up in very non-traditional fashion, against the
backdrop of her modern kitchen, with its Ikea cabinetry, brushed-steel faucets
and modern appliances. Then Crystal is seen driving her Kia to a
Michael-Moore-style nonconfrontation at a spill site, which she knows she will
not be allowed to enter. Crystal, like Naomi, presumably did not reach
Washington by magic carpet. She also uses a phone, which definitely wasn't
developed by "traditional knowledge."

At a Beaver Cree band barbecue, no thought is obviously given to the system that
produced the bottles of San Pellegrino or the watermelon that the child being
conspicuously coddled by Klein is eating. The height of hypocrisy is reached
when it is revealed that the Beaver Cree are suing the government of Canada
because oilsands development has "made traditional life impossible."

Apparently undesirable too. The film gets really intriguing when the credits
begin to roll, and those who supported this pile of agitprop are identified.
Chief among them is something called the Sustainable Markets Foundation, SMF.
Since it's all the rage these days to bemoan "Dark Money," the title of Jane
Mayer's hatchet job on the Koch Brothers (Mayer was interviewed on the CBC's The
Current this week), it's worth noting that the SMF was highlighted in a report
by a U.S. Senate committee as an up-and-coming node of a progressive
"Billionaires Club" filled with capitalist foundations that despise markets.

"Can I be honest with you?" Klein asks at the beginning of this very dishonest
film. "I've always kind of hated films about climate change ... Is it really
possible to be bored by the end of the world?" No, Naomi, but it is possible to
be bored by people who prattle incessantly that the end of the world is imminent
when it isn't, and who want to end the best world we've ever had. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              864 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday
                                National Edition

This Misrepresents Everything John Lester

BYLINE: Peter Foster, Financial Post

SECTION: FP COMMENT; Pg. FP13

LENGTH: 855  words


A part from the stock shots of effluent pipes and belching smokestacks, Naomi
Klein's idea of objectivity about the Alberta oilsands is to find a worker
prepared to blow his nose on a banknote in a Fort McMurray bar.

Scenes like this make Klein's documentary This Changes Everything, which will
air on CBC on Thursday night, not just intellectually vacuous but downright
objectionable.

The guy using the currency as nasal tissue might well now be out of a job, not
just because of the oil price collapse, but because of the prominent role played
by Klein in killing the Keystone XL pipeline and thus draining billions from the
Alberta economy.

Much of the movie, which is based on Klein's endless book of the same name,
takes the form of a series of confrontations between local people and some form
of development: the oilsands in Alberta; pipelines, coal and shale in Montana
and Wyoming; a coal-fired electricity plant in India; a goldmine in Greece;
killer smog in Beijing.

The propaganda sequence runs roughly: riot, teargas (not required in Beijing),
shots of people running and screaming, rinse and repeat.

This is not to suggest that consultation with local communities is not
necessary, but things are in fact not quite as simple as presented. In
Kleinworld, agitation is often organized by multinational environmental NGOs
with an anti-development agenda and little or no concern for local people's
welfare. Meanwhile it takes considerable chutzpah to suggest that Greece's
problems might be based on any version of capitalism.

The wobbly intellectual substructure to Klein's catalogue of capitalist crimes
is the system's alleged belief that Mother Nature is there to be raped and
pillaged, and that resources are infinite. The film never presents anyone who
actually holds this view because, like most of Klein's claims, it is demonic
nonsense.

Klein's evil capitalist clincher is, of course, climate change, which is
epitomized by Superstorm Sandy. But that storm can in no way shape or form be
laid at the door of man-made global warming.

It is ironic indeed that early on in the film Klein attends a meeting of the
British Royal Society - home of Newton and Darwin - as the supposed epicentre of
the scientific assault on spirituality. The meeting is to discuss geoengineering
as a solution to climate change ("pollution to fight pollution"). But while
there are indeed many questions about such schemes, the implication that the
Royal Society is a bastion of objectivity, particularly when it comes to
climate, is almost satirical. Indeed several recent presidents of the society
have gone off the reservation when it comes to the climate issue and have had to
be reined in my their own members.

The movie, which was directed by Klein's husband Avi Lewis, scion of one of
Canada's most prominently canting socialist families, is outstanding only for
its perspective-free hypocrisy.

Take the posturing of Crystal Lameman of the Beaver Lake Cree, who live in the
vicinity of the oilsands. Lameman, who will later appear delivering a speech to
a mob in Washington, spouts fortune-cookie mysticism about the land owning the
people rather than the other way round. But the arresting point is that she is
doing so while dressed and made up in very non-traditional fashion, against the
backdrop of her modern kitchen, with its Ikea cabinetry, brushed-steel faucets
and modern appliances. Then Crystal is seen driving her Kia to a
Michael-Moore-style nonconfrontation at a spill site, which she knows she will
not be allowed to enter. Crystal, like Naomi, presumably did not reach
Washington by magic carpet. She also uses a phone, which definitely wasn't
developed by "traditional knowledge."

At a Beaver Cree band barbecue, no thought is obviously given to the system that
produced the bottles of San Pellegrino or the watermelon that the child being
conspicuously coddled by Klein is eating. The height of hypocrisy is reached
when it is revealed that the Beaver Cree are suing the government of Canada
because oilsands development has "made traditional life impossible."

Apparently undesirable too. The film gets really intriguing when the credits
begin to roll, and those who supported this pile of agitprop are identified.
Chief among them is something called the Sustainable Markets Foundation, SMF.
Since it's all the rage these days to bemoan "Dark Money," the title of Jane
Mayer's hatchet job on the Koch Brothers (Mayer was interviewed on the CBC's The
Current this week), it's worth noting that the SMF was highlighted in a report
by a U.S. Senate committee as an up-and-coming node of a progressive
"Billionaires Club" filled with capitalist foundations that despise markets.

"Can I be honest with you?" Klein asks at the beginning of this very dishonest
film. "I've always kind of hated films about climate change ... Is it really
possible to be bored by the end of the world?" No, Naomi, but it is possible to
be bored by people who prattle incessantly that the end of the world is imminent
when it isn't, and who want to end the best world we've ever had. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              865 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

GROUP TARGETS CV BOND, LEVY VOTE Fliers misrepresent cost, officials say

BYLINE: Jody Lawrence-Turner<br> jodyl@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5593<br>

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 462 words


Bright yellow fliers encouraging a "no" vote on Central Valley School District's
bond and levy are arriving in mailboxes this week.

Bold, black lettering states that the district wants voters to approve $269
million in "new" taxes and lists alarming tax rates for homeowners without clear
explanation or acknowledgement that tax bills likely wouldn't increase if the
bond and levy pass. The Citizens for Responsible Taxation campaign headed by
retired tire business owner Duane Alton is what school district officials often
fear will arrive in mailboxes about the time ballots are sent.

"It's unfortunate and disappointing," said Marty Dickinson, co-chair of the
Citizens for Central Valley Education committee. "For Central Valley, it is time
for us to pass this bond. It's been 16 years."

So far, only Central Valley School District residents have received the fliers.
Numbers on the one-page, two-sided mailer indicate if a person has a home valued
at $100,000 the district's bond and levy would cost them $4,988.

The mailer does not clarify that the amount listed is what the property owner
would pay over the full life of the proposed 20-year bond and three-year levy.
Alton said that he's doing his part to let voters know that their decision will
cost taxpayers and force them to adjust their budgets.

But bond and levy supporters say the flier is misleading.

Superintendent Ben Small said the bond would cost $196 annually on a property
valued at $100,000. The levy is estimated to cost $356 annually for property
valued at the same amount. He noted that levy amounts often end up being less
than what voters approve.

The bond and levy would not be new to the district. Both would replace expiring
taxes that property owners have been paying. The district estimates that taxes
would not rise if the levy and bond are approved. Dickinson and Small are
frustrated with the "no" campaign, yet confident voters understand the need.

"Before proposing a bond or a levy, Central Valley School District officials
engaged its community, parents and other voters to find out what they considered
the priorities," Dickinson said. "The school district came back and said they
could do what they wanted without raising taxes."

While it seems Alton's group is targeting Central Valley School District, he may
have plans for other districts.

"We'll see," he said. "We are working on that now."

Spokane County mailed ballots for the Feb. 10 election late last week. Five
school districts - Spokane Public Schools, Cheney, Nine Mile Falls, Central
Valley and Mead - are seeking bond approval from voters for school construction
and upgrades.

Twelve of Spokane County's 14 school districts are asking voters to renew school
levies. In each proposed levy, the tax rate would not change.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              866 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             October 1, 2012 Monday

Court report: Revolutions files suit against Strategic Product Development

LENGTH: 135 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Revolutions Medical (Charleston, South Carolina) said that it has filed suit in
South Carolina against Strategic Product Development, et. al.

The suit alleges that the defendants did purposely and materially mislead and
misrepresent capabilities and progress on a variety of initiatives related to
the development and manufacture of the company's RevVac Auto-Retractable Vacuum
safety syringe which caused a delay of about one year in its production.

The suit further alleges that Rich Theriault and other defendants defrauded the
company and misappropriated funds in violation of the United States' Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act and that GTI improperly assigned
certain rights to the Company's new provisional patents to SPD without
authorization.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              867 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday

Christian Teaching And Sin Of Homosexuality

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITORS:

In his Jan. 11 letter, Kevin Rickert misrepresents Christian teaching on
homosexuality by treating Old Testament regulations without New Testament
illumination.

Biblical scholars have propounded numerous theories about the Pentateuch's
dietary restrictions, including that the laws were provisions for a healthier
diet and an indicator of the Israelites' chosen status among the nations.

Christ fulfills the Old Testament Law (Matthew 5:17), and Christians have long
understood that precept in conjunction with Acts 10 (in which God declares
unclean animals clean) to mean that Christ makes the dietary laws obsolete yet
upholds the law's moral teachings. The rule against eating seafood has no
bearing on the morality of homosexuality.

Mr. Rickert further confuses the issue by assuming that Christians have only two
options: hate homosexuals or condone their behavior.

Romans 14 permits great latitude in certain practices on which biblical teaching
is not explicit, but both Testaments clearly call homosexuality sinful.

Christians must heed this teaching, but hating people is not its logical
consequence: Christians are to lovingly help each other overcome sins, even
homosexuality. Due firmness and discipline are not hateful but loving.

Yes, Christianity is a religion of love, but love upholds, rather than
sidesteps, morality.

Philip Gruber

Holtwood

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              868 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             August 6, 2010 Friday

Extra virgin olive oil not virgin enough

BYLINE: By MARY ANN MILBOURN, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D

LENGTH: 397 words



HIGHLIGHT: Class-action lawsuit says oil makers misrepresent their products.


A Santa Ana attorney has filed a class-action lawsuit for a group of chefs and
restaurant owners, claiming more than a dozen olive oil companies and
distributors are selling products labeled extra virgin that aren't extra virgin
enough.

The suit, filed in Orange County Superior Court by Daniel J. Callahan of
Callahan & Blaine, contends the companies committed fraud and misrepresentation
by labeling and promoting their olive oil as more-expensive extra virgin, even
though it did not meet international and USDA standards.

"By making these false claims, defendants have convinced unwary consumers to pay
an outrageous price for what is, at best, a product worth much less than that of
the value for which it is sold," said the suit.

The suit cited a June study by the UC Davis Olive Oil Center that found that 69
percent of imported olive oils and 10 percent of those produced in California
did not meet industry sensory standards for extra virgin olive oil.

"Sensory tests showed that these failed samples had defective flavors such as
rancid, fusty, and musty," concluded the study.

Both the North American Olive Oil Association and the International Olive
Council take issue with the methodology used by UC Davis and defended their
members' products.

"Consumers can trust the quality, purity and value of heart-healthy imported
olive oils," said Bob Bauer, president of NAOOA. "The NAOOA abides by the strict
production, labeling and testing standards for the IOC, because these standards
ensure customers in the U.S. get what they pay for."

The lawsuit says consumers spend $700 million a year on extra virgin olive oil
that is not worthy of the premium prices being charged. California makes up an
estimated 25 percent of those sales.

"This is actually huge for anybody who cares about extra virgin olive oil,"
Callahan said.

Michael D. Owings, owner of Dink's Restaurant and Ultra Lounge in Palm Springs,
who is one of the plaintiffs, said the oil he buys can cost $100, $200, $300 and
up. Getting oil that tastes off can be very costly.

"We may have to dump five gallons of very expensive oil," he said. "Once you
open it, you can't send it back."

He said the oil's label doesn't indicate shelf life once it's opened, so it can
go rancid quickly.

The suit seeks punitive damages and asks that the plaintiffs be reimbursed the
profits made from the suspect oils going back four years.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Register file photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              869 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                October 9, 2009

The Truth About Italy And the Holocaust

SECTION: Letters; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 490 words


In her September 25 interview with  the Forward, Elizabeth Bettina rightly
seeks to honor the courage and humanity  of those who went against the
mainstream and helped Jews during  the Nazi-Fascist persecutions (In Italy,
'Bad Times, Good People').

The interview, however, omits essential  historical facts and misrepresents  the
context in which this happened.  We wish to correct the record, not only  as a
matter of accuracy, but also out of  respect to both the Jewish victims of
Fascist persecution and the bravery of  those who helped Jews.

For instance, regarding Italian Jews,  Bettina incorrectly states that the
racial  laws took away many of their civil liberties...  but they were not
deported.  Meanwhile, your interviewer is wrong  to assert that Mussolini,
Hitler's  strongest ally in the war, refused to  help carry out the
extermination of the  Jews.

In fact, in 1938 foreign-born Jews  residing in Italy were stripped of their
citizenship and asked to leave, and  Italian Jews were deprived of the most
fundamental civil and human rights.  Italian Jews found themselves trapped  and
forced into very difficult life conditions.  Some 3,000 Jews who were able  to
leave fled the country.

Mussolini imposed the census of the  Jews first in 1930, following the Patti
Lateranensi (the 1929 agreement  between the Kingdom of Italy represented  by
Mussolini and the Vatican),  and then in 1938 with the promulgation  of the
racial laws and the establishment  of the Ministry of the Race. The registry  of
the Jews enabled the persecution that  brought the isolation, spoliation, arrest
and final deportation to Auschwitz of  8,600 Jews starting in October 1943, of
whom few survived. As documented  by 60 years of research of the Center for
Contemporary Jewish Documentation  in Milan and mostly available online
(www.cdec. it), almost half of the arrests  were carried out by the Italian
police  and with the help of Italian informants.

It is also inaccurate to state that Italy  fell under German occupation
following  the uprising of Italians against  Mussolini. Mussolini was removed
from power by King Vittorio Emanuele  III, and, in September 1943, founded  the
Italian Social Republic in the north  of Italy. Mussolini was followed by
hundreds of thousands of Italians who  efficiently carried out the anti-Jewish
policies of the republic. Between 1943  and 1945 Fossoli (near Modena)
functioned  as transit camp to Auschwitz,  and a death camp was established in
downtown Trieste.

This kind of misrepresentation of  history offends the memory of all the  men,
women and children who were  murdered in the extermination camps,  and of those
who risked their lives to  save their neighbors. And it ultimately  compromises
our ability to understand  the past.

Natalia Indrimi  Executive Director  Centro Primo Levi

New York, N. Y.

The letter is co-signed by six members  of the Centro Primo Levi's board of
directors.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved

                              870 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 7, 2008 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Union head slams ads;
Representative says campaign deceitful

BYLINE: ERIC RUSSELL OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. C1

LENGTH: 417 words

DATELINE: BREWER


Local union representatives are hitting back at a national nonprofit agency that
has been running targeted television advertisements, including some in Maine
markets, slamming labor practices.

Jack McKay, president of the Eastern Maine Labor Council, said the Center for
Union Facts of Washington, D.C., claims to support workers' rights but
"everything they do undermines workers."

"The biggest thing, I think, is that these ads are deceitful and they
misrepresent what unions are asking for," McKay said Friday of the ads, which
ran on local NBC, ABC and CBS affiliates in recent weeks but have since stopped.
"Truthfully, they know what we want and they are deliberately misrepresenting
that."

One of the ads in question portrays children voting in a class election and then
depicts union bosses hijacking the process.

The ad campaign is centered on the Employee Free Choice Act, a piece of
legislation that has been supported by the U.S. House but has yet to make it
through the Senate. Union supporters and many Democrats are in favor of the
bill, but Republicans have generally opposed it.

The Center for Union Facts claims the Employee Free Choice Act would strip
workers of their right to vote privately when forming a union.

McKay said unions have always conducted their elections in the open and will
continue to do so.

The reason the ads have flooded the Maine market is because of the contested
Senate race between Sen. Susan Collins and U.S. Rep. Tom Allen, who have
differing views on the Employee Free Choice Act.

McKay said the ads are particularly outrageous because the Center for Union
Facts is little more than a nonprofit arm of Berman Associates, a powerful
Washington lobbying firm. McKay said its founder, Richard Berman, has
represented interests of the tobacco and fast food industries.

Center for Union Facts managing director J. Justin Wilson issued the following
statement regarding the group's advertising campaign in Maine:

"Union bosses are the ones with a long history of corruption, deception, and
mismanagement. Given that, we think Mainers should be especially concerned with
their deceitful attempt to eliminate workers' fundamental right to a
private-ballot election when unionizing."

McKay said his first instinct was to ignore the ads, but he wants the public to
have both sides.

"It was important for us to come out and denounce these ads because they
received so much air time," he said. "And I'm sure we haven't seen the last of
them."

erussell@bangordailynews.net

664-0524

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News

                              871 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Variety

                             June 11, 2004, Friday

Pol wants legislation in pic-snip debate

BYLINE: DAVE McNARY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 323 words


Rep. Lamar Smith plans to introduce legislation next week to resolve a complex
legal dispute between Hollywood and businesses selling software products that
edit sex and violence out of movies.

Smith (R-Texas), chair of the House Judiciary subcommittee on intellectual
property, also plans to hold a hearing about the issue next week. He'd
threatened to take the step of introducing a bill at a hearing May 20, asserting
parents and Congress were increasingly concerned about objectionable material in
movies.

The studios and Directors Guild of America have argued that the sanitized
versions misrepresent directors' work by creating new versions of films without
their authorization.

Case originated two years ago, when retailer CleanFlicks sued the DGA and 16
leading directors to obtain a ruling that its practice of altering films is
legal. The DGA filed a countersuit alleging copyright and trademark
infringement, and that action was joined in December 2002 by the studios;
software maker ClearPlay filed a countersuit in 2003, alleging the DGA,
directors and studios had overstated their rights under copyright laws.

DGA spokesman Morgan Rumpf said, "We believe the hearing is premature and
unfortunate, given the ongoing settlement negotiations between the parties."

The studios and DGA clashed with Smith when they decided not to send reps to
Capitol Hill to testify at the hearing after discovering that it would focus on
ongoing legal negotiations and feature what they perceived as lopsided testimony
from three witnesses on the other side of the issue.

"We want to share with the subcommittee our great concern about giving someone
the legal ability to alter, in any way they choose, for any purpose, and for
profit, the content of a film that we have made, which carries our name, and
which is associated with one of us," director Taylor Hackford said in written
testimony submitted last month to the panel.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Reed Elsevier Inc.

                              872 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                       May 1, 2004 Saturday Final Edition

Drunken brawl may cost Skilling

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: Business; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 113 words

Lawyers for Jeffrey Skilling say the former Enron Corp. CEO should not have to
post $2 million in additional bond because of a drunken scuffle in New York last
month, arguing that prosecutors have distorted what happened.

Federal prosecutors went out of their way to misrepresent events and place "full
culpability and responsibility" on Skilling for the April 9 incident, Skilling's
attorneys said in court documents.

Prosecutors say Skilling scuffled with bar patrons during a night of heavy
drinking in Manhattan. They said the incident violated his $5-million bond
agreement because he failed to immediately report his contact with police to
authorities.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              873 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 28, 2004 Saturday

FIELDS WANTS MIKE TO LEAVE 3RD-GRADE PROMOTION PLAN BEHIND

BYLINE: CARL CAMPANILE and FRANKIE EDOZIEN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 349 words


Manhattan Borough President Virginia Fields urged Mayor Bloomberg to scrap his
controversial policy to hold back third-graders who do poorly on standardized
English and math exams.

"I am writing to urge you to withdraw your proposed plan to retain third grade
students on the basis of a single standardized test score," Fields said in a
letter to the mayor.

Fields, who just held a hearing on the promotional policy, said such retention
programs used in the past increased the dropout rate.

"Studies have shown that tests can actually misrepresent a child's true
abilities," she said.

In other grades, a student's marks, attendance and exams are considered to
determine if a child is promoted.

Fields argued that denying promotion "blame[s] students, not the school system"
for educational woes, and particularly hurts minorities and immigrant students
still learning English.

She urged the mayor to put together a panel of experts to address the issue.

Fields, one of the city's top elected black officials, joins a growing list of
minority politicians - including former Mayor David Dinkins and city Comptroller
Bill Thompson - who have criticized the tough promotional plan.

"Some children don't do well on standardized tests," said Thompson, a former
president of the Board of Education. "Promotion should be based on the entire
school year and the work that child produces in the entire school year."

But Deputy Mayor Dennis Walcott and Herman Badillo, the former chairman of the
CUNY Board of Trustees, defended the policy as a way to help struggling students
get back on track.

Walcott noted that only students who score at the bottom will be held back. And
he cited city statistics that found unprepared students who were promoted four
years ago are "further and further behind" in middle school and high school.

"We have to correct this," he said. "It's our responsibility."

Badillo, who imposed tougher standards at CUNY over fierce opposition when he
headed the board, urged Bloomberg and Schools Chancellor Joel Klein to hang
tough. He said a silent majority of parents supports them.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              874 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                              May 6, 2002, Monday

Software In Movies Does Not Compute Films Take Liberties Critics fret that
software looks fake, but others say it's a necessary evil

BYLINE: By DAVID NOACK, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 778 words


In the 1983 sci-fi film "WarGames," Matthew Broderick breaks into his school's
computer system to change his grades. As his hacking escalates, he nearly starts
World War III by tampering with a military mainframe computer.  Interestingly,
Broderick's character gets his computer to do his bidding easily. He never
encounters error messages, crashes, glitches or other mishaps that plague most
computer users.  But then again, this is Hollywood, where nothing's real. The
computing interfaces you see on screen are typically a brew of actual
programming, animation and visual effects.  Tech-savvy filmgoers say they're
disappointed by the way computers are portrayed in movies. Since most people use
computers these days, they argue, screenwriters and directors need to be more
accurate in their portrayals of what computers can and cannot do.  For example,
films rarely show Microsoft Corp.'s Windows or Apple Computer Inc.'s Mac
operating system. Instead, they show some generic software interface. These
Hollywood operating systems are created using special software tools.  But
Hollywood has lots of good reasons for tweaking computer interfaces, film
production experts say.  "Fake interfaces" on computer screens are often created
for dramatic effect, says Garth Chouteau, a spokesman for Pulse, a 3-D animation
company in San Francisco.  "It's done because showing someone using Microsoft
Outlook would appear mundane, and because real software like Outlook doesn't
translate well to the big screen," he said. "It's too cluttered." Real
Interfaces Are Dull Real computer operating systems and applications, especially
in a scene that calls for searching a law-enforcement database, are hard to
follow and boring, Chouteau says. But to Kelly McNeill, it's distracting when
movies misrepresent computers. He's managing editor of OsOpinion, a Web site
about operating systems. "It may sound as if I'm being petty, but I believe my
feelings are legitimate," McNeill wrote in an online column.  Chief among his
complaints: How come computers always beep when text is being entered? Why is
streaming video on a laptop being fed by a modem always fast and flawless? And
how it is that copying or downloading files goes so fast? "I believe that this
view of computers has tainted the public's view of what to expect from one,"
McNeill wrote.  Harold Mann chalks it up to artistic license. He did the
graphics for one of the first movies to deal with the Internet and
cyber-identity theft, "The Net." "A lot of movies and television like to show
viruses," he said. "A virus is a very unsexy thing to actually see on the
screen. It needs to be easily readable, quick and colorful, and what computers
typically aren't." The main character of the "The Net," Angela Bennett, played
by actress Sandra Bullock, appears to enter commands at a keyboard with aplomb.
"When we did the graphics for 'The Net,' we set it up so that the actress .
could move the mouse and click on things," Mann said. "But we animated it such
that she wouldn't actually have to type everything correctly." Wrath Of
Tech-Savvy Even when movie makers do their best to be realistic, they can make
noticeable gaffes. Ask Casey Cannon, chief executive of RanchWorks Unlimited.
She's a veteran visual effects expert who helped create computer interfaces for
"Twister" and "Dante's Inferno." In "Twister," laptops were built for the
movie's storm chasers. On the laptops, there were stickers that said, "My other
laptop is an SGI." It was meant to be a takeoff on bumper stickers that say, "My
other car is a Porsche." SGI stands for Silicon Graphics Inc., a company that
makes high-end computer workstations. The problem is, SGI doesn't make laptops.
"I got inundated with phone calls. Everybody wanted to know where to buy that
(SGI) laptop," Cannon said.  In "American Pie," characters appear to be using
the Internet. Actually, their computers are running a programmed simulation,
Cannon says. Visual effects specialists were able to program certain keystrokes
and actions into the computer. That way, it performed certain tasks no matter
what keys the actor pressed. That helped the actors concentrate on their
performances.  Copyright issues are another reason not to use real-life software
in movies, says Gregory Pyros, chief executive of Pyros Pictures Inc. of Costa
Mesa, Calif.  There's also a concern that the software won't be able to do what
the scene calls for.  "A lot has to do with making the text and graphics large
enough to be visible to an audience. The text on the screen has to be enormous,"
said Pyros, who worked on creating computer scenes for the movie "Fair Game."

LOAD-DATE: May 06, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2002 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.

                              875 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 7, 2000, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

ANTI-IMMIGRATION GROUPS ASSAIL GEPHARDT OVER BILL;
COALITION TAKES OUT ADS IMPLORING LAWMAKER TO LIMIT FOREIGN HIGH-TECH WORKERS;
HE SAYS ADS DISTORT HIS RECORD

BYLINE: Jo; Mannies; Post-Dispatch Political Correspondent

SECTION: METRO, Pg. D1

LENGTH: 557 words


A coalition of anti-immigration groups is behind a barrage of local radio and
newspapers ads targeting House Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt.

The ads, which included one published Wednesday in the Post-Dispatch, call on
Gephardt, D-St. Louis County, to oppose a pending congressional bill. That
measure would increase the number of high-tech foreign workers allowed into the
country under temporary three-year visas.

Gephardt contends the ads distort his voting record and misrepresent the bill.
The coalition behind the ads -- called the Coalition for the Future American
Worker -- says it is Gephardt who is distorting their cause.

"He's turned his back on his heritage," said coalition spokesman Roy Beck, who
also is president of Americans for Better Immigration, a Washington-based group
that is part of the coalition. Gephardt used to be a stronger critic of the visa
program, Beck said.

Other members of the anti-visa coalition include POP. STOP, a population
stabilization group; American Immigration Control; BrainSavers, an Internet
group for programmers; the Programmer's Guild; and the American Engineering
Association.

Beck characterized the groups as advocating less immigration to the United
States, generally for environmental or cultural reasons. They are opposing the
visa program, called H-1B, because they believe it reduces jobs available for
American high-tech workers, he said.

Beck contended that Gephardt was siding with the high-tech industry to woo
campaign contributions for Democratic candidates. Many in the industry have been
GOP donors, Beck said, citing former House Speaker Newt Gingrich's strong
support for the visa program.

Gephardt's spokesman angrily denied that donations had anything to do with
Gephardt's stand. In an interview in Washington, Gephardt said the bill was a
temporary measure to keep high-tech jobs from going overseas for good.

"My record on supporting workers and worker rights and helping working families
in this country is clear," he said. "I also believe that we shouldn't lose jobs
from this country if we can't produce the trained people to fill the jobs, and
that's what this is about."

Gephardt said he has met with St. Louis area business leaders in recent weeks,
and "at every one of the meetings, they say their biggest problem is they can't
fill the jobs that are there now."

Gephardt supports a version of the H-1B bill that requires corporations to
contribute to a training and education fund "so that we can produce the workers
in this country from our citizens who can fill these jobs." He emphasized that
the foreign workers allowed in would have to leave after three years.

Bob Kelley, head of the St. Louis Labor Council, said he had no objections to
the bill as long as the education and training provisions remained. The visas
would apply only to "highly educated, trained workers," he said.

But coalition spokesman Beck said the proposed corporation contributions were
too low - no more than $ 1,000 per visa issued. It costs more than that to
educate an American high-tech worker, he said.

Beck said his group wants Gephardt to support another H-1B version that imposes
stricter rules on companies seeking the visa.

Beck declined to say how much the ad campaign will cost nor would he identify
the donors paying for it.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo - This ad was placed in Wednesday's Post-Dispatch by a
coalition of anti-immigration groups.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              876 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 3, 1983 Friday

Scientists sitting on facts   Laws urged against twisting data

BYLINE: staff

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: Detroit MI


DETROIT  (staff) - Laws are needed to keep scientists who misrepresent
 their findings from swaying decisions on public policy, a Canadian
 scientist told the annual meeting of the American Association for the
 Advancement of Science.

Errors or omissions of important evidence by scientists have resulted
 in many government policies that are directly opposed to the public's best
 interests, said Theodor Sterling, professor of computer science at Simon
 Fraser University.

In 25 years as a statistician, he has seen many examples of falsifying
 and twisting of data, he said. He cited a submission to the U. S. Food and
 Drug Administration in which scientists working for a chemical company
 claimed bone malformations in laboratory animals were not caused by a
 herbicide the company made for defoliation in Vietnam.

Even though their statistics showed exposed laboratory animals had
 seven times more abnormalities than an unexposed group, the scientists
 wrote off the finding by claiming the control group had fewer
 abnormalities than expected. "Certainly blaming control animals for having
 too few abnormalities is a unique contribution to scientific inference,"
 Dr. Sterling said.

He asserted another blatant example of misrepresentation was the U. S.
 Surgeon-General's report on smoking. Scientists who presented findings on
 cancers to the group making the report systematically ignored studies
 linking hazardous occupations and cancers, Dr. Sterling said.
    "If a scientists omits information, he has committed a sin," he said.

The problems of fraud and misrepresentation will not go away. "Fraud in
 science dates back to the beginning of science," Dr. Sterling said.
 "People are human; they will always be tempted to do things that may make
 them richer or more famous. They can also allow strongly held beliefs to
 get in the way of good science."
    Much more formal procedures are needed to keep scientists from
 repeating their transgressions, he said. Consequences such as "disbarring"
 a scientist are already being considered by at least one U. S. federal
 agency. Professional societies in the United States informally "disbar"
 people who have misrepresented their findings, but the situation is less
 clear in Canada. MPolicy-making bodies and ministerial committees should
 require independent review of findings presented by experts before making
 their decisions, Dr. Sterling suggested.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              877 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        January, 2006 ,NATIONAL EDITION

Licensed To Defraud?

BYLINE: ANDREW J. DEFALCO , STRADLEY RONON STEVENS & YOUNG, LLP; Andrew J.
DeFalco is an associate in Stradley Ronon's Litigation Department focusing his
practice on a wide array of complex commercial disputes, many of which involve
claims of fraud, breach of fiduciary duty and corporate malfeasance. Mr. DeFalco
also specializes in disputes involving products liability and mass tort,
professional liability, insurance coverage and construction matters. His
experience includes jury trials and arbitrations before both federal and state
tribunals.

SECTION: STRADLEY RONON STEVENS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1760 words

HIGHLIGHT: Please email the author at adefalco@@stradley.com with questions
about this article.


Can a person misrepresent or withhold material information from settlement
negotiations, and later have a court enforce a settlement agreement and release
that was procured through such fraud or nondisclosure? Some courts, in limited
contexts, have answered this question in the affirmative. These cases, primarily
out of the Second Circuit and the Eleventh Circuit, hold that a party that
settles a dispute involving allegations of fraud or dishonesty may not later ask
a court to set aside the settlement on the basis of fraud or non-disclosure. See
Pettinelli v. Danzig, 722 F.2d 706 (11th Cir. 1984); Mergens v. Dreyfoos, 166
F.3d 1114 (11th Cir. 1999), cert denied, 528 U.S. 820 (1999); Finz v.
Schlesinger, 957 F.2d 78 (2nd Cir. 1992); Nycal Corp. v. Inoco PLC, 988 F.Supp.
296 (S.D.N.Y. 1997). If applicable, these cases create a "buyer beware"
environment where a settling party cannot rely on the representations of his
adversary in settling a business dispute.

In Pettinelli, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit held
that the plaintiffs could not set aside a settlement agreement and release,
which resolved (among other things) underlying claims of fraud, by alleging that
the plaintiffs were fraudulently induced to enter into the release. The
plaintiffs in Pettinelli invested money in a land development corporation,
Skyway, in exchange for yet-to-be-issued stock shares. The shares were never
issued, and the plaintiffs threatened to bring a shareholder derivative action.
The parties then settled, and executed a settlement agreement and release.

Thereafter, the plaintiffs sued, contending that prior to execution of the
settlement agreement and release, Skyway fraudulently represented that it would
pursue legal remedies against the former President of Skyway, and open its books
for inspection. The Eleventh Circuit upheld the settlement agreement and
release, and explained:

Even if representations were made that were false and did induce [plaintiffs] to
enter into the release in reliance thereon, such reliance was unjustified . . .
. In the instant case, the [plaintiffs] include . . . a New York attorney. He
was involved in the negotiations and presumably had enough legal acumen to
understand and protect his own and other appellants' interests. Throughout this
negotiation period appellants knew from their own dealings that they should not
rely on any representations made by defendants. Appellants also knew that by the
Release terms, they would not know the condition of Skyway until they inspected
the books. Appellants did not insist upon examining the books prior to the
execution of the Release and did not insist upon the insertion of any specific
written representations as to the financial condition of Skyway. As to action
against [the former President], [plaintiffs] granted all authority to Skyway in
its exclusive discretion.

Pettinelli, 722 F.2d at 710. Accordingly, the Court held:

When negotiating or attempting to compromise an existing controversy over fraud
and dishonesty, it is unreasonable to rely on representations made by allegedly
dishonest parties. Thus, the appellants have failed to make a prima facie case
of fraud because they had no legal right to rely on these representations under
these circumstances.

Id.

Likewise, in Mergens, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh
Circuit held that a settlement agreement and general release could not be voided
by allegations of fraud, where the release settled underlying claims of fraud
and unfair conduct. The plaintiffs in Mergens, minority shareholders in PEC
Corporation, accused the majority shareholders in PEC of mismanagement and
improper self-dealing. The plaintiffs then sold their interest in PEC to the
defendants for $ 14.5 million. The purchase agreement contained a general
release that released defendants from "any claim [plaintiffs] ever had, now
have, shall or may have from the beginning of the world to the date [of the
agreement]." After the note was paid, PEC sold its main asset, a television
station, for $ 150-160 million.

The plaintiffs then sued, and claimed the release should be voided by fraud
because the defendants misrepresented PEC's cash flow and other assets in order
to purchase the assets at a price far below market value, and failed to advise
the plaintiffs of the contemplated sale of the television station. The court
upheld the release, noting that the plaintiffs were sophisticated, represented
by counsel, and had been in an adversarial relationship with the defendants
since well before the execution of the agreement. The court also noted that the
settlement agreement was entered into, in part, to settle a lawsuit in which the
plaintiffs claimed fraud. Based on the posture of the parties prior to the
execution of the agreement, the plaintiffs "had no legal right to rely on the
representations of [defendants]." Thus, the allegations of fraud were
insufficient to void the express release of all claims. Mergens, 166 F.3d at
1118.

In Finz, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit found that a
plaintiff could not set aside a release due to the defendant's allegedly
incomplete disclosure of material facts. The underlying dispute in Finz involved
the plaintiff's belief that he was covered by his former law firm's pension
plan. After executing the release, the plaintiff learned of certain facts
relevant to the plan's coverage which he had suspected, but not known, at the
time he signed the release. In rejecting the plaintiff's attempt to set aside
the release, the court explained:

[Plaintiff], who at all times believed that the defendants were misrepresenting
his entitlement to benefits should not be permitted to strike a better bargain
at this late date by claiming that he signed the agreement in reliance on
defendants' misrepresentations.

Finz, 957 F.2d at 83, see also Nycal, 988 F.Supp. at 305. ("A party that settles
a claim of fraudulent inducement cannot revisit that settlement agreement by
asserting that the alleged defrauding party did not make a full disclosure of
its own fraud.")

Most business disputes involve sophisticated businesspersons who are represented
by legal counsel. Further, most business disputes involve at least some
allegations of dishonest or improper conduct. Accordingly, the rule announced in
Pettinelli, Finz and their progeny could have a significant impact on
corporations negotiating business disputes. Under Pettinelli and Finz, when
negotiating a business dispute involving claims of fraud or dishonesty, the
burden is placed squarely on each party to perform its own independent due
diligence prior to settlement. In other words, if you later find out your
adversary lied to you, you could have no recourse.

One question that arises is the quantum of fraud or dishonesty that must be
alleged prior to the settlement agreement, before a party is precluded from
relying on the representations of his adversary in the settlement context. Thus
far, the only court to analyze the rule announced in Pettinelli and Finz, and
find it inapplicable, was the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit in Chase v. The Dow Chemical Company, 875 F.2d 278 (10th Cir. 1989). In
Chase, the court declined to apply the Pettinelli/Finz rule because the
underlying lawsuit that the parties settled involved claims of property damage,
not fraud or wrongful conduct, and the relationship of the parties at the time
of the underlying settlement was not "adversarial." Chase, 875 F.2d at 283-84.

Chase provides some guidance as to what kinds of disputes fall within the rubric
of Pettinelli and Finz, and what kinds of disputes do not; but questions remain.
Does the Pettinelli/Finz rule apply where you merely believe that the party with
whom you are negotiating has sharp business practices? Does the Pettinelli/Finz
rule apply where you believe that the party with whom you are negotiating is
dishonest? Or must the underlying dispute involve actual allegations of outright
fraud for the Pettinelli/Finz rule to apply? The Second Circuit seems to believe
that the underlying dispute must involve a specific claim of fraud. The Eleventh
Circuit seems to take a broader view, that where you negotiate with people you
believe to be dishonest, you cannot rely to your detriment on statements from
those dishonest parties.

Regardless, whenever you negotiate a business dispute involving claims of fraud
or dishonesty, the burden of due diligence is on your (or your client's)
shoulders. Following the reasoning of Pettinelli and Finz, if you (or your
client) decides to settle a claim involving fraud and dishonesty, you should be
on notice that your adversary is not honest; and accordingly, you should not
rely on any representations made by your adversary in the negotiations leading
up to the settlement. Although this reasoning seems strange, and on its face
could lead to potentially inequitable results, it is consistent with the
"reliance" element traditionally required in fraud claims. Therefore, all
representations made by your adversary should be independently reviewed and
verified.

Another possibility is to contract out of the Pettinelli/Finz rule. This might
be accomplished by including in any settlement agreement and release all
representations made by the parties that are material to the transaction,
including a statement that the parties are relying on all such representations,
and including a statement that the settlement agreement and release may be
voided if such representations turn out to be untrue.

Alternatively, if a party desires true finality without any further exposure to
lawsuits claiming fraudulent inducement, it is advisable that such a party place
an express provision in the settlement agreement and release stating that all
prior, existing or future claims of fraud or dishonesty are covered by the
release. If such a statement is included, it will be much more difficult for
your adversary to attempt to set aside a settlement agreement and release by
claiming fraud.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Andrew J. DeFalco

            Copyright 2006 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.

                              878 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    August 18, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

McIver denies cash quieted incident

BYLINE: JAIME ARON, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F6

LENGTH: 250 words

DATELINE: IRVING, Texas


In his first public comments since his neck was cut, Dallas Cowboys offensive
lineman Everett McIver denied having been paid -- or even asked -- to remain
silent about the injury and didn't say whether Michael Irvin was involved.

"I have not received any payments, from anyone, in return for my silence as has
been inaccurately alleged," McIver said in a statement released through the team
Monday. "I have not been asked to withhold any information or testimony or to
misrepresent any of the facts of the incident."

Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said he hopes the episode can be forgotten.

"Today's statements from Everett McIver and the NFL office should provide the
proper closure for everyone as far as the matter is concerned," he said

The matter has been open to scrutiny since coach Chan Galley first described
McIver's injury as a result of "horseplay," then refused to give details.

Since then, several reports, all citing anonymous sources, have said Irvin cut
McIver with a pair of scissors during a scuffle over a haircut.

On Aug. 9, the Dallas Morning News reported that Jones brokered a deal in which
Irvin would pay McIver in the high six figures to keep quiet about what
happened. Jones and Irvin have strongly denied striking a deal.

Irvin, on probation for felony drug possession, could face up to 20 years in
prison if a judge determines he violated his probation. No legal action can be
taken without a complaint being filed, and that has yet to happen.


LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              879 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 30, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

College Bans on Faculty-Student Romance Demean Women;
Recusal at Amherst

SECTION: Section A; Page 30; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 106 words



To the Editor:

Your Education page article misrepresents Amherst College's sexual harassment
policy. The faculty voted on March 2 for a policy of "recusal" -- that is, to
require that a faculty member must "remove himself or herself from any
supervisory, evaluative, advisory, or other pedagogical role involving a student
with whom he or she has had or currently has a sexual relationship." Faculty who
date their students are not required to "report their relationships to
department heads" or to give a reason for recusal.

TERRY Y. ALLEN
Assoc. Secty., Public Affairs
Amherst College
Amherst, Mass., April 16, 1993

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                              880 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 18, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
McIver Denies Being Paid Off

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section C; Page 4; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 98 words

DATELINE: IRVING, Tex., Aug. 17


In his first public comments since reports that he had suffered a cut on his
neck from a teammate, the Dallas Cowboys offensive lineman Everett McIver denied
today having been paid -- or even having been asked -- to remain silent about
the injury. He did not say whether wide receiver Michael Irvin was involved.

"I have not received any payments, from anyone, in return for my silence as has
been inaccurately alleged," McIver said in a statement released through the team
today. "I have not been asked to withhold any information or testimony or to
misrepresent any of the facts."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              881 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 22, 1987, Monday, Final Edition

NBA Draft Day Arrives Amid a Cloud of Smoke

BYLINE: Anthony Cotton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 742 words


By the time representatives from the 23 NBA teams meet this morning for the
league draft in New York, there's a good chance they will have made decisions
about which collegiate player will best suit their clubs.

But the decision of a team such as the Washington Bullets, picking 12th, could
be determined by what the Phoenix Suns do with the No. 2 choice. That seems to
be the major variable today; there's no doubt that the San Antonio Spurs will
pick Navy center David Robinson first in the draft, but after that it's a
tossup, as teams play coy or blatantly misrepresent their intentions.

Late last night the Bullets were still attempting to trade. One proposed deal
that fell through was guard Jeff Malone and forward Jay Vincent to the Denver
Nuggets for point guard Lafayette Lever and power forward/center Danny Schayes.

"We talked about a lot of things with a few teams that would have given us some
scoring potential," said Pete Babcock, Nuggets director of player personnel.
"Nothing materialized, but some things are still alive, and maybe something will
be done sometime in the near future."

Another rumored deal would have brought Los Angeles Clippers point guard Darnell
Valentine to the Bullets. During training camp before the 1986-87 season,
Washington nearly had a deal with the Clippers, Valentine for guard Leon Wood,
but it fell through. At season's end, Bullets General Manager Bob Ferry said he
regretted that the trade wasn't made.

The best thing about the draft taking place is that teams will stop giving each
other the business, which was the case all last week.

"Everybody's just lying to everybody else," said Atlanta Hawks assistant coach
Brian Hill.

The Nuggets don't have a first-round selection, but they do have one of the
league's most coveted players, Lever. Chances are that before the draft begins,
the point guard will be part of a major trade.

"We don't want to trade him, but if it can improve our team, then no one's
untouchable," said Babcock. "We've been talking with two or three teams
seriously."

Most teams with multiple needs -- such as Washington -- would like to deal to
fill one spot and then draft for another. This year, a surplus f forwards has
made guards popular.

"There's only one super-duper, and that's Robinson," said Bullets Coach Kevin
Loughery. "But outside of that it's a solid draft, especially with guys in the
6-foot-7, 6-9 range."

Just which of those players is best depends on whom you talk to. The Bulls have
the eighth and 10th picks in the first round; one of them is likely to be North
Carolina's 6-10 Joe Wolf, whom Chicago Coach Doug Collins has likened to "a poor
man's Kevin McHale." That opinion probably isn't shared around the league,
though.

Last week, each NBA team held its own mock draft, in which it tried to figure
out other teams' plans in order to determine who would be available when the
time came to choose. The process is much easier said than done, especially when
one considers the amount of smoke the teams blow at each other.

Last season, the Bullets gave the impression far and wide that Pearl Washington
of Syracuse was their man. New Jersey, picking behind Washington at No. 13,
panicked, giving the Bullets Darwin Cook for the assurance that Washington
wouldn't select Pearl. The Bullets then took John Williams, whom they wanted all
along.

This year, the Seattle SuperSonics believe Nevada-Las Vegas forward Armon
Gilliam would be the ticket to help overcome the Lakers.

Chances are he would be available as the No. 5 selection if Phoenix were to take
Ohio State guard Dennis Hopson as a potential replacement for Walter Davis. That
was the conjecture as late as last week, but now it seems the Suns will go for
Gilliam instead. That would mean New Jersey takes Hopson instead of Georgetown's
Reggie Williams, who likely would drop to fifth and go to Seattle.

If Horace Grant of Clemson is not among the first 11 chosen, look for the
Bullets to grab him. They have expressed a great fondness for the power
forward's game.

Then again, it could be just another smoke screen.


DRAFT ORDER

1. San Antonio

2. Phoenix

3. New Jersey

4. L.A. Clippers

5. Seattle

6. Sacramento

7. Cleveland

8. Chicago

9. Seattle

10. Chicago

11. Indiana

12. Washington

13. L.A. Clippers

14. Golden State

15. Utah

16. Philadelphia

17. Portland

18. New York

19. L.A. Clippers

20. Dallas

21. Atlanta

22. Boston

23. San Antonio


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post

                              882 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      June 6, 2002 Thursday Final Edition

EBay fights fraud with software

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: Business; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: SAN JOSE, California

SAN JOSE, California -- Internet auction leader EBay Inc. is trying to fight
fraud on the site with a new software program that scans for suspicious listings
and alerts company investigators, chief executive Meg Whitman said yesterday.

The Fraud and Abuse Detection Engine, or FADE, was quietly deployed this spring
to help the company crack down on con artists who misrepresent their merchandise
or dupe buyers into paying for goods that never arrive, Ms. Whitman told
investors at EBay's annual shareholder meeting.

Though Ms. Whitman said fraud makes up less than one-tenth of one per cent of
all transactions on EBay, the company worries that high-profile cons damage the
site's reputation.

In the last two years, for example, authorities have arrested EBay users who
sold a fake Richard Diebenkorn painting for $135,000 US and a man who made
thousands unloading baseball bats he claimed had been used by major league
stars.

FADE is programmed to raise alarms about listings with telltale signs of
potential trouble. As an example, Whitman said a first-time seller in Romania
offering a laptop computer starting at $1 would be a likely target.

Once the system alerts EBay of a potential con artist, company staff examine the
listing and the personal information the seller has provided. If the humans are
as suspicious as the computer, EBay will call or e-mail the seller to verify
certain information, Rob Chesnut, EBay's deputy general counsel, said after the
meeting.

Comparing FADE to systems used by credit-card companies that monitor for
suspicious spending patterns, Chesnut said it has already helped prevent
potential fraud, though he would not elaborate.

During the sparsely attended shareholder meeting, which lasted less than an
hour, Whitman reaffirmed earlier forecasts that San Jose-based EBay will earn 73
to 75 cents a share this year, though the consensus estimate on Wall Street is
76 cents.

Separately Wednesday, a wireless-technology company called InPhonic Inc.
launched a service that can alert EBay buyers on their cellphones when they've
been outbid on an item and let them increase their bid by typing in a message on
the keypad.

There have been other wireless trading services for EBay users, but none has
proven popular.

Shares of EBay fell 14 cents to $55.01 in trading Wednesday on the Nasdaq Stock
Market.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              883 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           February 5, 2011 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

STEP UP THE FIGHT AGAINST PILL MILLS

SECTION: NATIONAL; TIMES EDITORIALS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 468 words


Hernando County is Exhibit A for state government's failure to get a handle on
the proliferation of pill mills. Months after other Tampa Bay counties acted
individually to regulate pain management clinics, six new shops are scheduled to
open in Hernando in coming months. Now Sheriff Al Nienhuis is pushing the County
Commission to enact its own ban on new clinics, and state leadership - save for
Attorney General Pam Bondi - is still sitting on its hands. Tallahassee's
continued inaction to counter an epidemic that kills seven people a day, strains
law enforcement and overburdens the health care system is inexcusable.

Bondi deserves credit for keeping the spotlight on this scourge. Her office has
pledged to help local law enforcement build cases. And on Thursday, she said she
would push for new state laws to assign tougher penalties to doctors who fail to
adhere to medical standards for prescribing highly addictive drugs such as
oxycodone, and to pain management clinic operators who lie or misrepresent their
qualifications at registration. And she wants a law requiring anyone maintaining
an inventory of controlled substances to report any theft to law enforcement
within 48 hours of discovery or face civil penalties and fines.

Bondi's plans make sense. Florida's lax laws have made the state a drug tourist
destination and a source of much of the nation's black market. Tightening the
laws will give new tools for law enforcement and complement the hard work many
local police agencies are doing on their own - such as Operation Pain Reliever,
the Hillsborough sheriff's monthslong investigation that netted 55 arrests on
Thursday.

But as Bondi is using her office and bully pulpit on the issue, Senate President
Mike Haridopolos and House Speaker Dean Cannon can't seem to run away fast
enough. After an antiregulation law passed in November stalled implementation of
much-anticipated regulations for pain management clinics the Legislature had
approved in the spring, the pair might as well have shrugged. Their committees,
they say, will reconsider the rules when the regular session starts in March - a
full 10 months after the rules were passed and after many more illegal
prescription drugs have flooded Florida's streets.

Meanwhile, Gov. Rick Scott has shut down the Office of Drug Policy, claiming the
function could be absorbed by other state agencies. But he has yet to bring any
urgency to that mission. And a statewide prescription drug database, first
stalled over a lack of funding and later by a vendor bid protest, remains a pipe
dream.

Bondi has joined Florida's local leaders to fight this epidemic. But Scott,
Haridopolos and Cannon - each with the capacity to make a difference - are
choosing to sit on the sidelines. That's not leadership. It's an abdication of
responsibility.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Attorney General Bondi deserves credit.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              884 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 12, 2004 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

Soldiers need protection from bad insurance

BYLINE: Bert Caldwell The Spokesman-Review

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 725 words


Members of the armed services have access to excellent low-cost life insurance
through the military but are reportedly being pressured to buy additional
policies by private insurance agents more interested in commissions than
coverage.

Some of those agents are retired officers or non-commissioned officers who have
been allowed to make on-base presentations promoted as financial planning
seminars. They allegedly misrepresent the nature of the products they are
selling, and do not disclose the high fees involved, particularly for a hybrid
insurance-investment product called contractual mutual funds.

Young enlistees, anxious about potential deployment overseas, are vulnerable to
assertions they must do more to protect their families' futures. They can buy a
$250,000 term life insurance policy for $16.25 a month through the military -
almost all do - but some have been conned into buying supplemental insurance
that may provide a death benefit of $32,500 and a premium of $100 per month.

So far, there have been no complaints from military personnel in Washington.
Fairchild Air Force Base spokeswoman Lt. Tiffany Payette says base regulations
bar group presentations by financial service and insurance representatives. Nor
was she aware of any complaints by base personnel about agents misrepresenting
life insurance products.

But American Fidelity Life Insurance Co. and Trans World Assurance, two of the
companies flagged for abuses by the New York Times, has a troubled past in the
state.

In 1998, the base commander at Fort Lewis in Tacoma booted out company agents
who were selling whole-life insurance with an annuity as a savings plan.
Commissions ate up half the first year's premiums. When enlistees realized they
were paying way too much for the product, they canceled. But, many neglected to
also stop the monthly paycheck deductions that paid for the policies. The two
companies kept pocketing the premiums until sued by the U.S. Attorney's Office
in Seattle.

A settlement cost the companies several million dollars.

David Reese Jennings, an assistant attorney involved in that case, praises the
decisive action taken at Fort Lewis, but adds that civilian and military
officials can sometimes be slow to respond because military personnel, some as
young as 18, may not realize for some time they have paid too much for a product
they do not need. Even when base commanders issue warnings, in a few years a
significant portion of base population turns over, and awareness lapses.

In fact, some insurers have had the brass to complain when officers advise
soldiers not to buy their products. They also claim some bases sit on the
paperwork that authorizes the deduction of premiums from paychecks.

The Government Accountability Office launched an investigation, and
representatives sympathetic to the industry inserted a provision into the 2005
military authorization bill that would block for one year any Pentagon effort to
tightening rules restricting insurance sales. But since the New York Times
exposed the problem in July, there's been some backtracking.

Thursday, a subcommittee of the House Committee on Financial Services held a
hearing entitled "GI Finances: Protecting Those Who Protect Us" to take comments
from the financial services industry, as well as from a Fort Bragg soldier
victimized by scheming salesmen. Rep. Max Burns, R-Ga., has introduced a bill
that would prohibit the sale of contractual mutual funds and clarify the
jurisdiction of state insurance regulators.

Rep. Jay Inslee, D-Wa., participated in Thursday's subcommittee hearing.

Although some elements of the insurance industry are trying to stall Pentagon
countermeasures, he says the House many move swiftly to enact Burns' bill
because the Georgia congressman is in a tough re-election fight and passage of
the bill will help him.

There may be an effort to strike the language in the defense authorization bill
that would tie the Pentagon's hands.

"We've got a lot of people in Washington who would be affected," Inslee says.

The military began providing subsidized insurance to active duty soldiers back
in 1965, when another generation of men and women was called to fight for their
country. It's outrageous that some in the insurance industry continue to exploit
the financial naivete of young soldiers preoccupied by far more urgent concerns.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Business columnist Bert Caldwell can be reached at (509) 459-5450, or at
bertc@spokesman.com.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              885 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          December 11, 2002 Wednesday

PETA takes happy cow fight to court;
* Animal-rights group files lawsuit to pull ad campaign off the air

BYLINE: By Janet Adamy; CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 464 words


A prominent animal rights group is turning to the courts to keep a state milk
group's happy cow advertisements off the airwaves.

People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals plans to file a lawsuit in San
Francisco Superior Court today alleging that the popular cheese campaign is
false advertising, creates unfair competition, and misrepresents the
environmental implications of the dairy industry. It wants the judge to stop the
advertising campaign.

The state milk trade group defends the ads, saying its members are committed to
the welfare of their animals and that customers love the humorous campaign.

It's the second attempt by the pro-vegan activist group to block the cow
advertisements. PETA asked the Federal Trade Commission in April to yank the
campaign on similar grounds. The FTC said in October it would not look into the
complaint.

This time, PETA is backed by John Robbins, the author who turned down the chance
to run his family's Baskin-Robbins ice cream behemoth and instead campaigns for
environmental and species welfare.

The ads are sponsored by the California Milk Advisory Board, a South San
Francisco-based marketing group that promotes the state's dairy products. The
slogan of the television, radio and billboard pitches is that "Great cheese
comes from happy cows. Happy cows come from California."

The advertisements show cows roaming freely over sparsely populated green
pastures. They feature humorous dialogues between cattle about the advantages of
living in California.

PETA contends the cows live in cramped, urine-soaked lots without grass, are
pushed to produce milk, and on average live to a fraction of their natural life
expectancy.

"They're telling you the cows were treated humanely when that's not true," said
Robbins, who is a plaintiff in the lawsuit. The Santa Cruz resident's books
include "The Food Revolution" and "Diet for a New America."

The California Milk Advisory Board would not comment on the specifics of the
lawsuit, but a spokeswoman said the state's dairy farmers are committed to the
welfare of their animals.

"I think we all know that cows really don't talk. It's a humorous campaign,"
said Nancy Fletcher, the group's vice president of communications.

That skirts the issue, the activists say.

"I don't think anybody who watches the commercials is going to think that cows
can talk, but the entire point of the commercials is to say that the cows are
treated well when in fact the cows are treated so poorly," said Bruce Friedrich,
a spokesman for PETA.

Fletcher said customers love the advertisements and that the campaign has won
awards, including one from the American Marketing Association.

Janet Adamy covers retail, travel and consumer issues. Reach her at 925-943-8263
or jadamy@cctimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              886 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                 March 24, 1997

Regulators Grapple With Effective EIA Oversight

BYLINE: BY JIM CONNOLLY

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO, Fla.


Regulators are grappling with how to effectively regulate equity-indexed
annuities without dampening a market that is $ 2 billion strong and growing.

A product survey prepared in February by Tillinghast-Towers Perrin lists 22
companies that offer equity indexed annuities, some with multiple product
offerings.

The concept is already being applied to universal life products.

"We need to disclose in a simple, meaningful way, the guarantees for this
product," said Tom Foley, a North Dakota regulator at the spring meeting of the
National Association of Insurance Commissioners here.

"We do not need another round of vanishing premium class action lawsuits," Rick
Morse, a New York regulator said.

"It only takes one agent to misrepresent or overemphasize" features in
equity-indexed products that will result in a court case where the issue is
raised of whether the product should be registered, Mr. Morse added. "We are
dealing with a product that could be a ticking time bomb from that perspective."

EIAs have raised interest from the Securities and Exchange Commission and an SEC
spokesman confirmed "the SEC is informally talking to insurers" and gathering
information on the type of products companies are offering.

Despite concerns, Mr. Morse and other regulators said EIAs are "good" products
when properly regulated.

Jerry Fickes, a regulator from New Mexico said, "Let's be careful not to look at
the product and take an entirely negative view."

With a product filing awaiting approval in his state, Mr. Foley said it is
important that a guideline be developed in his state by early April.

Oklahoma did have a moratorium on equity indexed products and withdrew approval
for products but is now accepting filings and working with companies willing to
comply with reasonable guidelines, said Dan Keating, an Oklahoma regulator.

To try to offer some guidance, an actuarial guideline from the American Academy
of Actuaries is being developed examining issues such as disclosure and
reserving.

Scott Cipinko, executive director of the National Alliance of Life Companies,
Chicago, expressed concern that when filing guidelines are created and shared
among states they will be "raised to the level of a model." He asked if insurers
would have any opportunity for input.

Hugh Alexander, of Alexander & Crabtree, Denver, called for more industry input
and urged regulators not to hold up product filings since insurers face
competition from banks and mutual funds.

Mr. Foley said that for the last year the industry has been asked for input but
as long as products were being approved in over 40 states, there was no feeling
about the need to address issues such as disclosure.

LOAD-DATE: April 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1997 The National Underwriter Company

                              887 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                            December 10, 2010 Friday

Track ownership dispute ends Mare Island rail service for now

BYLINE: By Jessica A. York

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 586 words


A dispute over railroad service to Mare Island has abruptly ended, and local
officials say they now hope to get things back on track for businesses on the
former naval base.

Earlier this week, San Francisco Bay Railroad permanently ended its Vallejo
operations after a federal railroad oversight board ruled against the company in
a dispute over track ownership rights on Mare Island.

City and Lennar Mare Island officials said Thursday that the ruling against San
Francisco Bay Railroad may clear the way for a city-hired company to expand
service to the island.

The federal Surface Transportation Board had granted San Francisco Bay Railroad
permission to provide rail service in Vallejo last year. Developer Lennar Mare
Island, however, challenged the extent of that right in March.

Late last week, the federal board nullified the San Francisco Bay Railroad's
carrier application, saying it "materially misrepresents the facts" by not
disclosing Lennar Mare Island's partial ownership of the tracks in question.

"It is unfortunate that San Francisco Bay Railroad's efforts to gain access to
Mare Island forced LMI (Lennar Mare Island) and the city to expend significant
time and resources over the past year to protect our ability to arrange for rail
service for Mare Island's businesses," Lennar Mare Island spokesman Jason
Keadjian wrote in an e-mail to the Times-Herald.

The city had hired San Francisco Bay Railroad to repair and maintain a portion
of track from Vallejo to Mare Island. In addition, Alstom Transportation also
had hired the company to provide service to its Mare Island facility.

Alstom site manager Telly Sionides said Thursday it is too early to comment on
the company's next step to complete a rail car refurbishing contract with
Amtrak. The Alstom facility requires rail service to transport the rail cars to
Mare Island.

San Francisco Bay Railroad president David Gavrich said Thursday that the
company improved railroad conditions in Vallejo by clearing the tracks and
repairing signals. It also provided reliable service to Alstom, he said.

"Totally unforeseen difficulties" came when his company pursued efforts to
expand service to industrial companies across Mare Island.

"(Last week's ruling) was a disappointment, but we're not going to appeal that
ruling," Gavrich said, indicating that it was unlikely the company would try to
resume operations in Vallejo.

Lennar Mare Island discontinued rail service in March 2008, citing economic
difficulties. After the developer's subsequent negotiations with San Francisco
Bay Railroad to restart the expanded service failed in the past year, Lennar
Mare Island hired its own service provider, Mare Island Rail Services.

The two rail providers came to a standoff on either side of the Mare Island
Strait, neither allowing access to their respective tracks.

Keadjian said talks of connecting Mare Island businesses to external tracks will
soon be reopened with both the city and local businesses.

Vallejo Assistant City Manager/Community Development director Craig Whittom said
the city supports the federal ruling, and is "assessing what our next steps are
regarding the (San Francisco Bay Railroad) agreement and expect to have a
strategy very shortly."

"We are committed as we always have been to rail service on Mare Island,"
Whittom said. "We are hopeful that this ruling being in place allows us to move
forward to bring service back to the tenants back on the Island."

Contact staff writer Jessica A. York at (707) 553-6834 or
jyork@timesheraldonline.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: San Francisco Bay Railroad CEO David Gavrich (center) is shown
delivering the first Amtrak rail cars for repair at the Alstom Transportation
facility on Mare Island last year. (Times-Herald file photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              888 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: SENATE DEMS: VA MUST DO MORE TO PREVENT & CORRECT ABUSE OF VETERANS
IN HIGHER EDUCATION

LENGTH: 1916  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions
has issued the following press release:



 Today, Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Senator Patty Murray (D-WA), and 26
other Senate Democrats sent a letter to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) calling for strengthened "oversight, enforcement, and accountability" of
colleges receiving Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits to fulfill the "Principles of
Excellence" Executive Order signed by President Obama in April 2012. VA's
failure to use their full authority has permitted some colleges, including large
for-profit colleges, to engage in misleading and deceptive recruiting practices
and to evade their regulatory requirements in order to continue to receive
Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits.









 Senate HELP Committee Reports have shown examples of colleges that misrepresent
the job prospects, transferability of credits, and accreditation status of their
education and training programs, but VA has "inexplicably asserted that it lacks
the authority" to limit or suspend Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits flowing to these
schools. VA has also failed to put in place the tools it needs to properly
protect veterans through robust oversight of colleges, including a risk-based
program review process and ensuring consistent information is reported on the GI
Bill Comparison Tool.







 In the letter, the Senators note VA's clear authority to suspend or restrict a
school's receipt of benefits when another agency has a finding of deceptive or
misleading practices, and encourage VA to collaborate with other federal and
investigative agencies to address shared concerns of these practices and to stop
taxpayer funds from flowing unchecked to institutions engaging in misconduct.
Veteran and military service organizations have made similar calls on VA to
crack down on colleges that prey on veterans.







 "We have a responsibility to ensure that our veterans receive the high-quality
educational opportunities they have earned," wrote the Senators. "We request
that you provide a response by September 1, 2016, detailing the actions that VA
will take under the Principles of Excellence EO to protect veterans and their
families from bad actors in higher education, provide more meaningful consumer
information, and crack down on abusive and misleading recruiting practices to
ensure the federal government is not providing benefits to schools that do not
serve the needs of the veterans they enroll."







 The list of Senators also signing today's letter include: Senators Tammy
Baldwin (D-WI), Cory Booker (D-NJ), Barbara Boxer (D-CA), Sherrod Brown (D-OH),
Ben Cardin (D-MD), Tom Carper (D-DE), Bob Casey (D-PA), Chris Coons (D-DE),
Richard J. Durbin (D-IL), Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), Al Franken (D-MN), Mazie K.
Hirono (D-HI), Patrick Leahy (D-VT), Edward J. Markey (D-MA), Claire McCaskill
(D-MO), Bob Menendez (D-NJ), Barbara A. Mikulski (D-MD), Chris Murphy (D-CT),
Jack Reed (D-RI), Bernie Sanders (I-VT), Brian Schatz (D-HI), Charles E. Schumer
(D-NY), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), Sheldon Whitehouse
(D-RI), and Ron Wyden (D-OR).







 Today's letter is the fourth in a series of requests by Senate Democrats to
strengthen college accountability and protect students using the
Administration's authority under the Higher Education Act. Senate Democrats'
efforts to improve college accountability began in April with a push to hold
college accreditors responsible, and the Department took steps toward that goal
when it issued a staff recommendation last month to terminate the recognition of
ACICS.







 Senate Democrats also called for a strong and streamlined borrower defense
rule, and the Department agreed when it issued a proposed rule last month that
significantly improved upon the process to give relief to student loan borrowers
who are the victims of unlawful and abusive practices in higher education.







 And most recently, Senate Democrats called for action to protect servicemembers
and veterans through a strengthened 90/10 rule. A loophole in federal law
currently allows for-profit colleges to exceed the 90 percent federal revenue
cap, known as the 90/10 rule, by enrolling servicemembers and veterans who have
access to federal educational assistance.







 Full text of the letter:







 July 7, 2016







 The Honorable Robert McDonald



 Secretary of Veterans Affairs



 810 Vermont Avenue, NW



 Washington, D.C. 20420







 Dear Secretary McDonald:







 We have a responsibility to ensure that our veterans receive the high-quality
educational opportunities they have earned. While we commend the progress that
the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has made in providing consumer
protection measures for veterans using the Post-9/11 GI Bill, we urge VA to
continue to strengthen oversight, enforcement, and accountability to make the
promise of educational opportunity a reality for veterans nationwide.







 In April 2012, President Obama signed Executive Order 13607 "Establishing
Principles of Excellence for Educational Institutions Serving Service Members,
Veterans, Spouses, and Other Family Members." This historic Executive Order (EO)
was intended to correct troubling findings from two U.S. Senate Committee on
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) staff reports. Those reports
revealed deceptive and misleading practices employed by some for-profit colleges
to recruit large numbers of veterans, such as the misrepresentation of job
prospects, transferability of credits, accreditation status, and whether
educational costs would be covered by their Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits. These
practices have enabled colleges with dubious educational outcomes to evade
regulatory requirements and employ abusive tactics in order to gain access to
veterans' education benefits. Recent data show a significant increase in the
number of Post-9/11 GI Bill beneficiaries since 2009 and a disproportionate
number of veterans attending for-profit colleges when compared to civilian
peers. With more than $4.8 billion in Post-9/11 GI Bill dollars flowing to
colleges each year, VA must do more to hold unscrupulous colleges accountable
for providing a high-quality education and preventing high-pressure recruitment
tactics.







 VA should collaborate more closely with other federal and investigative
agencies to address shared concerns with misleading and deceptive recruiting
practices--including the U.S. Departments of Education, Defense, and Justice,
the Federal Trade Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. A number of state Attorneys General have
also initiated investigations, made findings, and settled charges against
colleges for deceptive and misleading practices, even while those colleges
continued to maintain access to veterans' education benefits. VA has
inexplicably asserted that it lacks the authority to limit or suspend Post-9/11
GI Bill benefits flowing to these schools, and it even failed to immediately
take action last year when the Department of Education suspended Title IV
eligibility for Corinthian Colleges based on findings of falsified job placement
rates.







 As detailed in the white paper authored by the Veterans Legal Services Clinic
at Yale Law School, VA has clear authority under 38 U.S.C. § 3696 et al. to
suspend or otherwise restrict a school's receipt of benefits when another agency
has a finding of deceptive or misleading practices. In fact, the statute
explicitly prohibits VA from approving veterans' enrollment in courses or
programs that use deceptive practices. Unfortunately, VA lacks a formal
enforcement mechanism to remove a school from the Principles list as a result of
VA findings by VA itself, by other federal agencies, from program reviews, or
from findings as a result from complaints filed by students. VA must establish a
clear process to protect veterans utilizing the Post-9/11 GI Bill and to stop
taxpayer funds from flowing unchecked to colleges engaging in misconduct.







 In identifying risks to students, VA currently relies only on a limited set of
program reviews conducted in partnership with State Approving Agencies. The EO
specifically sought to use resources more effectively by having VA conduct
fewer--but more detailed--examinations of schools receiving education benefits
using a risk-based approach. Unfortunately, State Approving Agencies have failed
to adopt this method and program reviews subsequently avoid substantive matters
and rarely reveal serious violations. VA should select schools for review based
on an index of risk factors, such as rapid increases in veteran enrollment, high
numbers of student complaints, increases in the amount of benefits per capita,
high rates of loan defaults, high dropout rates, deficiencies identified by
accreditors and state agencies, and deficiencies in VA program administration
compliance.







 While we commend VA's work to finalize the Principles and to develop the GI
Bill Comparison Tool, we believe that there is still much more to be done. The
Tool allows students to compare potential educational options, provides some
caution flags, and includes veteran-specific outcome information as required in
Public Law 112-646, but the usefulness of the Tool continues to be impaired by
overly broad definitions of completion of non-degree programs, by schools'
failure to report complete and accurate information, by inconsistency in the
caution flags, and by a lack of options for user feedback. In 2014, hundreds of
educational institutions failed to report retention and graduation rates of
first-time GI Bill students. The Tool also lacks specific information for
veterans who are considering taking out loans to supplement their veterans'
education benefits. While loan repayment rates, default rates, and average
salaries after completion are available for the general population, similar
statistics are not available to student veterans. VA must condition continued
receipt of Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits on compliance with reporting requirements
and continue to work with the U.S. Department of Education to ensure that this
information can be made available.







 Finally, it is important to protect veterans who might fall victim to deceptive
and misleading recruiting efforts. Third-party "lead generators" continue to be
widely used by some colleges seeking to enroll veterans with deceptive tactics.
While VA has successfully trademarked the GIbill.com  domain, many other
internet-based domains and search terms continue to lead veterans to schools of
questionable quality. VA needs to continue to increase efforts to halt the use
of these sites through trademark claims and enforcement efforts.







 Our country has a responsibility to act in the best interest of those who have
served. We request that you provide a response by September 1, 2016, detailing
the actions that VA will take under the Principles of Excellence EO to protect
veterans and their families from bad actors in higher education, provide more
meaningful consumer information, and crack down on abusive and misleading
recruiting practices to ensure the federal government is not providing benefits
to schools that do not serve the needs of the veterans they enroll. We look
forward to working together to further ensure meaningful educational outcomes
for our veterans and their families.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              889 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

California Supreme Court Limits Recovery for Employees Who Misrepresent Their
Immigration Status

LENGTH: 861  words


On June 26, 2014, the California Supreme Court handed down Salas v. Sierra
Chemical, a case at the intersection of employment and immigration law. Salas, a
former employee of Sierra Chemical, filed suit alleging disability
discrimination and wrongful termination. Prior to trial, Salas notified the
court that he would assert a Fifth Amendment privilege to any questions
regarding his immigration status. This apparently alerted Sierra Chemical, which
investigated and discovered that Salas had wrongfully used someone else's Social
Security Number when applying for the job. Sierra then moved for summary
judgment. The trial court initially denied the motion only to be reversed by a
writ issued by the Court of Appeal. On remand, the trial court granted the
motion for summary judgment, and the Court of Appeal affirmed.


The Supreme Court was called upon to determine whether plaintiff's claims under
the California Fair Employment and Housing Act ("FEHA") were barred by the
doctrines of after-acquired evidence and unclean hands, and whether California
Senate Bill No. 1818, which states that "[f]or purposes of enforcing state
labor, employment, civil rights, and employee housing laws, a person's
immigration status is irrelevant to the issue of liability," statutorily
preempted those common law defenses. The Supreme Court also asked the parties to
submit briefing on whether federal immigration law, which forbids the knowing
employment of any unauthorized worker, preempted state law on this issue.
The Court first held that federal immigration law preempted Senate Bill 1818
only in part. Citing the U.S. Supreme Court's recent decision in Arizona v.
U.S., 132 S. Ct. 2492 (2012), the Court held that federal law did not "preempt
the field" - that is, supersede any and all state laws relating to immigrants.
Instead, federal law only preempts state laws that conflict with a federal law
or create an obstacle to achieving its objectives. Federal statutes expressly
forbid an employer from employing anyone whom it knows is unauthorized to work
in this country; doing so would subject an employer to civil and criminal
sanctions. Thus, federal law preempts an award of lost wages that would have
accrued after the employer discovered that the employee was unauthorized.
However, since federal law does not forbid an employer from unknowingly
employing an authorized worker, any preexisting lost wage claim remains valid.
The Supreme Court reversed the Court of Appeal's holding that the affirmative
defenses of unclean hands and after-acquired evidence served as complete
defenses to Salas's claims. Instead, the Court held that these are partial
defenses whose application depends on the particular equities of each case. As a
general rule, the Court held that "when the employer shows that information
acquired after the employee's claim has been made would have led to a lawful
discharge or other employment action, remedies such as reinstatement, promotion,
and pay for periods after the employer learned of such information would be
inequitable and pointless," thus precluding a plaintiff from claiming such
relief.  However, in line with the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in McKennon v.
Nashville Banner Publishing Co., 513 U.S. 352 (1995), the California Supreme
Court held that "to allow . . . after-acquired evidence to be a complete defense
would eviscerate the public polices embodied in the FEHA by allowing an employer
to engage in invidious employment discrimination with total impunity."
Consequently, the employee could seek compensation "for loss of employment from
the date of wrongful discharge or refusal to hire to the date on which the
employer acquired information of the employee's wrongdoing or ineligibility for
employment." The Court did not address the effect that after-acquired evidence
or unclean hands could have on a plaintiff's claim to compensatory or punitive
damages, although it has generally been held that a plaintiff may seek such
damages in connection with his or her claim of employment discrimination.
The Court found that there was a disputed issue of fact whether Sierra Chemical
knew of the incorrect Social Security Number before Salas's termination. If it
did, the employer's decision to "look the other way" would adversely affect its
right to assert the after-acquired evidence and unclean hands defenses. The
Court thus remanded for further findings of fact on this issue.
As this opinion addresses the "hot topic" of illegal immigration, in a field
traditionally reserved solely to federal authority, it will be interesting to
see whether Sierra Chemical seeks review by the U.S. Supreme Court. Assuming
that this result stands, the primary takeaway for employers is, as ever, to
remain vigilant about the employment status of their employees and to take the
appropriate action upon receiving information showing that the employee lacks
authorization to work in this country. In addition, when faced with litigation,
a defendant should take the initiative to investigate potential affirmative
defenses at an early stage of litigation and assert them as quickly as possible.

 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              890 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

Barroso blames Ireland for euro woes

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 580 words


Sir, - Barry Walsh's letter (December 24th) misrepresents the Central Bank's
Economic Letter Profiling the Cross-Border Funding of the Irish Banking System
by Dermot Coates and Mary Everett. First, it is not a Central Bank report; the
paper notes the "views expressed are solely the views of the authors, and are
not necessarily those held by the Central Bank of Ireland or the European System
of Central Banks".

More importantly, the document specifies two important caveats to the analysis.
The first concerns a compositional shift in the statistical reporting
population. A number of banks active in the Pfandbrief (German covered bonds)
market were considered as Irish headquartered banks for statistical reporting
purposes, and formed part of the Irish data between 2002 and 2011. Many of these
banks were European and their activities would not now be included in Irish
data; however they were regarded as Irish banks for the purposes of this study.

The second caveat concerns the location of ultimate asset ownership, the
so-called City of London effect. International data limitations prevent looking
through the veil of transactions via off-shore centres and intra-group funding,
and thereby partially distort the geographical profile of foreign borrowers. It
means the study does not reflect the extent to which finance sourced by Irish
banks in London, New York and from off-shore financial services centres may have
originated elsewhere.

Mr Walsh also states the "Central Bank found just 1 per cent of foreign lending
to our banks during the property bubble came from Germany". The document states:
"Germany was the source of approximately 11 billion or 25 per cent of total
foreign funding at end-2002. Thereafter, absolute German funding fell quite
quickly to . . . 1 per cent by end-2007", a rather different thing. It also
finds "Pfandbrief banks headquartered in Ireland accounted for nearly 80 per
cent of this funding" and as noted earlier, the real nationality of these banks
cannot be determined.

Also, while Mr Walsh mentions only lending by German and French banks, I
(December 21st) explicitly cited lending by British banks as well. The document
he quotes found the "interbank market in the UK was the primary source of
wholesale funding for the Irish banking system". Moreover, Mr Walsh's letter
missed the central point of my criticism of Mr Barroso's refusal to consider
retrospective funding for Irish banks. Mr Barroso's justification for this
position is that Ireland must pay the cost for the failure of its own regulatory
authorities and the Irish banking system; the failed institution/country bears
the costs of its failures. However, applying this logic to lenders who
recklessly fuelled the property bubble here and therefore ended up with exposed
loans would force these institutions and bondholders to carry the cost of these
failed loans. Instead, Europe insisted all bondholders, including unsecured,
unguaranteed bondholders, would be repaid by the Irish taxpayer. The Irish
government gave in to these European demands, saddling the country with huge
debt into the future.

The consequences of "foolish decisions made by Irish politicians and Irish
voters" as Mr Walsh describes them, have indeed been imposed on the Irish
taxpayer, but the usual outcome of reckless speculative lending has been spared
the bondholders and banks who made them, regardless of their country of origin.
- Yours, etc,

DONAL McGRATH,

Heathervue,

Greystones, Co Wicklow.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              891 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             April 20, 2012 Friday

Chick-fil-A protest explained

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 380 words


Recent letters and online posts in The State Journal-Register misrepresent the
motives of many University of Illinois Springfield students, staff and faculty
who object to a Chick-fil-A franchise on campus.

We do not object to this proposal because Chick-fil-A's owners are Christian or
the food is unhealthy. We object because Chick-fil-A's corporate culture and
pattern of charitable giving is not in keeping with our goal of creating a more
welcoming and inclusive campus.

A recent investigation by Equality Matters found that Chick-fil-A gave between
$1.3 million and $1.6 million to anti-gay groups between 2003-08.

In 2009 alone, it gave $2 million to organizations such as Exodus International,
Focus on the Family and the Family Research Council.

Exodus International and its associated "ex-gay ministries" claim they can
change a homosexual orientation through prayer, heterosexual dating and aversion
therapy. The premise of this so-called reparative therapy - that gays and
lesbians are damaged goods - is morally repugnant and has been rejected as junk
science by the American Psychiatric Association.

Focus on the Family and the Family Research Council vigorously work to relegate
gays and lesbians to secondclass status through lobbying and other political
activities. Their "biblical" vision of family would return women to the home,
subordinated to fathers or husbands, while simultaneously invalidating the
biological and chosen families of gays and lesbians. In January 2011, the New
York Times reported that Chick-fil-A disproportionately promotes married
Christian employees, and the company has been sued by Muslims who were denied
franchise licenses.

As a result, Chick-fil-A scores a zero on the Human Rights Campaign's Buyer's
Guide, which rates corporations in a number of areas including
non-discrimination policies, same-sex partner benefits, training, activism and
corporate giving.

We do not want a business on our campus whose profits go to organizations that
actively seek to harm members of our campus community. The divisions that have
already occurred among students over this issue - not to mention the ongoing
protests at several other universities nationwide - amply demonstrate that
Chick-fil-A is not for UIS.

- Michael J. Murphy, Springfield

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              892 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

TO TAKE A STAND;
Casualties of election campaign

BYLINE: Oscar P. Lagman,

SECTION: Pg. S1/4

LENGTH: 1032 words


"When war is declared, Truth is the first casualty," wrote Sir Arthur Ponsonby,
a Member of Parliament who opposed Britain's involvement in World War I, in
"Falsehood of Wartime." When the election campaign starts, truth is also the
first casualty followed immediately by individuals and institutions.

This past election campaign inflicted heavy casualty on individuals and
institutions - the individuals who fabricated the falsehood and institutions
that have allowed themselves to be used as media to spread the so-called black
propaganda in politics.

Black propaganda is the spread of false information to vilify or misrepresent a
person, institution, or cause. The offending party, by using a questionable
information source, hopes to gain from the damage wrought upon the object of
vile information.

Having said this, black propaganda has been widely used politics. Campaign
headquarters set up a Dirty Tricks department that churns out information, both
factual and fictional, but damaging to the rival candidate. Long before the
election campaign started, the Erap (Estrada) camp spread the story that Noynoy
Aquino is autistic. Supporters of Noynoy circulated in the Internet pictures of
a fabulous mansion in Salt Lake City as Manny Villar's. Both stories are black
propaganda as these were false.

People with skeletons in their closet spurn politics for fear of unnecessarily
exposing them to ridicule, as in the case of vice- presidential candidate
Jejomar Binay. He incorrectly refers to the revelation of his past extramarital
affair as black propaganda. It is not, by his own admission, an illicit affair.

Devoid of basis, black propaganda is eventually discovered and exposed as false.
With the damage inflicted, the victim shrugs it off as part of the game and
braces for other similar attempts. Circulating in the Internet until yesterday,
election day, is information that "drug money [is] finding its way into the
campaign coffers of a certain presidential candidate who has been spending
heavily even with NO apparent source of legitimate funding."

What is sad in this year's election campaign is that columnists of major
newspapers have indulged themselves in black propaganda. Carried away by their
rabid support of certain presidential candidates, they dabbled on the story that
Noynoy had received psychological counseling and psychiatric treatment in the
past, thus casting doubt on his mental fitness to be president.

One columnist cited the case of US Senator Thomas Eagleton, who was forced to
withdraw as the Democratic vice-presidential candidate in the 1972 elections
after newspapers broke the story of his treatment for depression. But in the
case of Eagleton, he was actually hospitalized three times for depression and
his treatment twice involved electroshock therapy. Also, the story was not
published until the issue was confirmed by the candidate himself.

In the case of Noynoy, the columnists continued to spin the fiction even after
it had been disproved convincingly by those who were supposed to have treated
the senator. One columnist, well known as a publicist/apologist of GMA, even
opined that operatives in the Noynoy camp could have concocted the first story
and deliberately made it easy to disprove so that when an authentic report,
which the columnist claimed was forthcoming, on the mental health of Noynoy was
made public, the Noynoy camp can dismiss it as false as well. When a second
report was made public, the Ateneo Department of Psychology, not the Noynoy
camp, quickly dismissed the second story as fake as the first report.

That did not end the smear campaign on Noynoy's mental instability. A columnist
in another paper claimed that Noynoy was treated by a family friend/psychiatrist
when he lived in Boston. The psychiatrist could not deny the story as he had
died. But his widow has denied the story.

The damage to their reputation is of their own doing. But they have also
inflicted considerable damage on the newspapers they write for. Both the
Philippine Daily Inquirer and the Philippine Star are members of the Philippine
Press Institute (PPI). Among the guidelines in the PPI Code of Ethics are:

     ·    * I shall scrupulously report and interpret the news, taking care not
          to suppress essential facts or to distort the truth by omission or
          improper emphasis. I recognize the duty to air the other side and the
          duty to correct substantive errors promptly.


     ·    * I shall not let personal motives or interests influence me in the
          performance of my duties; nor shall I accept or offer any present,
          gift or other consideration of a nature which may cast doubt on my
          professional integrity.


     ·    * I shall not commit any act of plagiarism.


     ·    * I shall comport myself in public or while performing my duties as
          journalist in such manner as to maintain the dignity of my profession.


The Inquirer invoked the guideline on plagiarism in dropping from its roster a
popular columnist and the guideline on comportment in public in suspending
another columnist for his rude conduct in a public forum. It should have long
ago invoked the guideline on consideration with regard to the columnist who
spawned the story that Noynoy had episodes of depression, but it has not. She
may not directly receive monetary consideration from the government, but her
husband does, a handsome sum every month as head of a government financial
institution. Her columns read like bulletins of the Malacanang Press Office.

The Philippine Star dropped a columnist from its roster for the simple reason
that he acknowledged that the Star's circulation was smaller than that of the
Inquirer. The Star can invoke the first two guidelines listed above on the
columnist who falsely claimed that Noynoy had consulted a Boston psychiatrist.
It has not.

True, a fellow columnist in this paper had also spawned in his column the story
of Noynoy having had a history of psychological counseling. Worse, he even
unjustly cast aspersion on the people who denied having treated Noynoy. That is
most regrettable.

His ranting and contentious style is discordant to this paper's op-ed genre. It
is wished, now that the election campaign is over, he would revert to his former
reflective and circumspect way.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              893 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday

Sharp divisions without sharp language

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 1668 words


Your thoughts on recent debates over such issues as the separation of powers and
budget bill processes are welcome ("Behind the noise, a republic at work," March
24). Public participation in these discussions has stirred up an active
citizenry.

You say, "What seems like partisan racket to some is music to our ears." You
don't mention the sheer nastiness of some of that racket. Terms like
"socialist," "baby-killer," "fascist," "dingbat" and "Nazi" are divisive and
demagogic, not constructive.

Can we all agree to express our sharp policy divisions without using sharp-edged
machetes of language?

Dave Dempsey, RosemountPrevent lead poisoning

"Lead fears close city rec field" (March 19) misrepresents both the risk and the
danger of children being lead-poisoned from exposure to contaminated soil and
lead dust. Children do not have to eat dirt to get an elevated lead level. They
can be exposed from breathing the dust kicked up from playing sports. Then, dirt
on children's' skin, clothes and shoes often gets back into the house, where the
lead dust falls on the floor.

The most common source of lead dust from inside the home is lead paint on
windows and doors. The friction of opening and closing creates lead dust, which
falls on the sills and the floor. Young children play on the floor, the lead
gets on their hands, their toys and eventually into their mouths. Lead is highly
toxic to young children, so it doesn't take much.

The standard for lead on floors is 40 parts per million, the equivalent of two
sugar packets spread over the area of a football field. The Centers for Disease
Control has found that there is no safe level of lead for young children.
Research shows that as little as five micrograms of lead per deciliter of blood
can reduce a child's intelligence and cause behavior and learning problems.

Ramsey County has a problem when it comes to children having lead levels over
five micrograms per deciliter. The Minnesota Department of Health reported in
2008 that 24 percent of the Ramsey County children under 6 who were tested for
lead had a level of five micrograms or greater. In contrast, the statewide
percentage is 10 percent and the City of Minneapolis percentage is 11 percent.

Our organization, the Sustainable Resources Center, teaches renters, homeowners
and contractors how to live and work lead-safe. Whether from soil or paint, lead
is a real risk to young children. And it is preventable.

Dan Newman, Fridley

The writer is executive director of the Sustainable Resources Center.Focus on
U.S. House

We are witnessing the beginning of an enormous backlash against Obamacare, with
millions of Americans calling for its repeal.

Although I find myself among them, I think repeal as a short-term goal is
unrealistic. Certainly nothing can be done before January, when the new Congress
convenes, and it would have to consist of friendly super-majorities of at least
290 representatives and 67 senators to be able to override Obama's veto. Much as
I would like to see this happen, I don't think it will.

But there is a short-term solution to the nightmare of socialist health care.
Article I, Section 7, of the Constitution stipulates that "all bills for raising
revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives." This means that 218
constitutionally minded representatives can shut down Obamacare by simply
refusing to fund it: no funds for staffing, procurement, operations or
enforcement can be spent if the House refuses to include such funding in next
year's budget.

Obama can, of course, veto such a budget, but doing so won't make the money
magically appear.

There's no presidential election this year, neither of our senators is up for
re-election and the federal courts are beyond our control anyway.

Consequently, Minnesotans have a rare opportunity to focus their energies on the
most vital part of the federal government: the House of Representatives. Let's
concentrate on fielding and electing sound constitutionalist candidates to all
of Minnesota's eight congressional districts in 2010.

John Windsor, HastingsSell a few Mercedes

David Brooks says our country's in a "free-spending" rush to bankruptcy and
wishes we'd sell a few "Mercedes" to pay for it ("Like a free-spending family,
careening toward bankruptcy," March 24).

Actually, just trading down one is all it takes. That's the $1 trillion-plus the
Pentagon spends annually (with a 4 percent-plus inflation guard) on its grossly
tricked-out "Mercedes," which is (quoting Brooks) "asphyxiating growth" and
"crowd(ing) out investments in innovation, education and everything else."

My goodness. No tears on the country's behalf for that, Mr. Brooks? Maybe you
figure the Pentagon's doing "one heckuva job" on us, huh?

John Demma, EaganA frivolous lawsuit

Gov. Tim Pawlenty and all 68 state Republican lawmakers are champing at the bit
to join a handful of other states in filing a frivolous lawsuit over the new
federal health care law.

According to constitutional law experts, these Republicans have little to no
chance of winning any such lawsuit. It seems painfully obvious that the real
purpose of the complaint is not to win the legal challenge but rather to
manufacture more misguided anger and fuel the pitchfork-wielding mob mentality
that cable news pundits instigate and promote on their nightly TV shows.

It would behoove our state Republican policymakers to forgo this foolish
political theater, especially since not even one year has passed since
Minnesotans celebrated the end of Norm Coleman's litigious misadventure.

Eric Jayne, Apple ValleyReform and fairness

With all the turmoil about health insurance reform, there are some simple
reasons for its passage: African-American women are twice as likely to die of
breast cancer as white women. One in five African-Americans in the United States
does not have health insurance. One in three Hispanics does not have health
coverage. The reason there is a higher death rate among African-Americans and
Hispanics with various illnesses is because they don't have access to health
coverage.

The top 20 percent of Americans earn more than 50 percent of all income each
year. Whites earn more than $20,000 per year more than African-Americans. CEOs
earn 369 times more than the average wage earner.

Health insurance reform is about fairness. People die every day because there is
unequal access to health care. It is simple: If you are pro-life, you should
support health care for all.

Robert Shumer, EaganIn society's interest

Every so often, someone writes to protest such legislation as the helmet or
seatbelt laws ("Seatbelts and liberty," March 19). Writers contend that such
enactments infringe on their personal freedom -- as if they are islands unto
themselves, as if society at large has no interest in the consequences of their
decisions not to wear a helmet or not to buckle up.

But we all have a stake in those decisions. We all pay for the police or
troopers who guard the crash sites and fill out the reports and spend hours
involved in later litigations or inquests. We also see those costs of emergency
medical assistance and the ambulance transport included in annual budgets or
insurance premiums. And those who clear the debris and shovel up the gore or
perform autopsies could doubtless be more usefully disposed.

Because of insurance company loss pools, we will all ultimately bear the cost
for extensive rehabilitation of the driver and/or passengers flying about loose
in crashing automobiles and for the brain-injured cyclist who, with a helmet,
might have been spared a lifetime of vegetative-state care.

I'm wagering that those who have died or had their lives altered in a car or
cycling crash would wish they had employed every maneuver and device available
to change what has happened: to them, to their and others' families, and to
society at large as consequence of a deliberate decision to take some kind of
benighted stand for personal liberty.

Arthur Hoehn, St. Paul Earth Hour on Saturday

March 27 is the 4th annual Earth Hour. People around the world will turn out the
lights for an hour at 8:30 p.m., making a statement about climate change and
demonstrating commitment to finding solutions.

Sydney, Australia, initiated the idea in 2007. Energy consumption fell 10.2
percent, releasing 24.86 tons less CO2 -- the equivalent of taking 48,613 cars
off the road for an hour.

Nearly 1 billion people participated in Earth Hour 2009 in 4,100 cities in 87
countries on seven continents.

Earth Hour 2010 ( earthhour.org ) will stretch from Mongolia to Argentina, the
Arctic to Antarctica, the Cook Islands to Russia and will include the
Brandenburg Gate, Eiffel Tower, Hiroshima Peace Memorial, the world's tallest
building (Burj Khalifa in Dubai) and the Empire State Building. The Pyramids
will go dark, as will the Acropolis, Broadway, Seattle's Space Needle, Las
Vegas, the Golden Gate Bridge and Christ the Redeemer Statue in Rio de Janeiro.

Turn out the lights. Get acquainted with the stars.

Wanda S. Ballentine, EaganSex-ed claims and facts

The letter "Sex education" (March 19) was long on claims but short on facts. It
proclaimed the value of sex education as proven fact, except for abstinence-only
methods. Actually, from both the historical and study results, the value of
"safe-sex" programs is questionable.

In fact, a recent study by the Archives of Pediatric & Adolescent Medicine,
funded by the government and hailed by the scientific community for its
methodological excellence, showed abstinence sex-ed to be far better than other
methods.

This study showed safe-sex programs to be dangerous to youth. Three methods were
studied. Safe-sex was worst with 52 percent starting sex. Abstinence-only proved
best with only 33 percent starting sex. The third program, a combination of the
two, fell in between with 42 percent starting sex.

Fifty years ago, sex-ed experts claimed it would reduce unwed pregnancies,
abortion and venereal diseases, but these have all worsened. Are we wasting
education dollars?

Richard F. McMahon, Maplewood

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              894 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday

Oct. 8, 2009: Hecker denies allegations of high living

BYLINE: By Nicole Garrison-Sprenger and MaryJo Webster Pioneer Press

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 655 words


Denny Hecker refuted his wife's allegations that he has continued to live
lavishly even after filing for personal bankruptcy and said he doesn't have the
means to pay her $7,500 in monthly alimony.

"I am not currently maintaining a standard of living that is anywhere near that
which (she) and I enjoyed as recently as six months ago," Hecker said in an
affidavit filed Thursday in Hennepin County Family Court.

In records from the couple's divorce proceedings that became public this week,
Tamitha Hecker accused Hecker of having more money than he says he does. She
cited a recent Hawaii vacation, a $9,500 plastic surgery procedure and payments
for private school tuition for the couple's children, ages 8 and 14.

In Thursday's filing, Hecker said his wife's claims are false or misrepresent
the truth. He said she is "in a far better financial position" with more than $1
million in jewelry, at least $200,000 in "cold cash" and tens of thousands of
dollars in other accounts.

Hecker said in his affidavit that he has no income and limited resources to
cover soaring legal costs related to his pending bankruptcy, the divorce and
ongoing criminal investigations.

Until recently a high-profile Twin Cities auto dealer with more than a dozen
dealerships, Hecker filed for bankruptcy June 4, claiming more than $767 million
was owed to creditors.

Meanwhile, he is being investigated by federal authorities on charges of
conspiracy, money laundering and mail, wire and bankruptcy fraud. A grand jury
is considering an indictment. State and federal authorities are looking into
whether Hecker dealerships failed to pay tax, title and license fees on cars
they sold.

Hecker has not been charged with any crime and denies any wrongdoing.

In the affidavit filed Thursday in his divorce case, Hecker said his children
continue to attend private school but that the school agreed he can pay the
$32,000 tuition later. And the $9,500 facelift? It never happened, he said. The
procedure, which he scheduled months in advance but then canceled, was to repair
damage from the removal of a tumor on his neck, he said.

He also refuted his wife's claim that he retained prominent criminal lawyer Joe
Friedberg at a cost of $250,000. Friedberg also told the Pioneer Press the claim
was not true.

In trying to show his estranged wife has access to more money than he does,
Hecker said she has entered into at least two agreements with the bankruptcy
trustee handling his case. One would entitle her to half of the couple's
expected income tax refund (for an unspecified tax year), expected to be between
$600,000 and $1 million. The other would provide her with half of any proceeds
from bankruptcy auctions of the couple's property.

Matthew Burton, a lawyer for the trustee, could not be reached for comment.

The bankruptcy code requires such a settlement to be approved by the court, and
a notice would have to be made at least 20 days in advance, according to
Roseville bankruptcy attorney Barbara May. That has not occurred in this case.

May also noted it's unlikely Tamitha Hecker could get half of the income tax
refund. Bankruptcy courts divide tax refunds based on who earned the money.

In his affidavit, Hecker defended Christi Rowan, a woman Tamitha Hecker
described as his "live-in girlfriend." He said that, contrary to his estranged
wife's allegations, he did not buy Rowan a Range Rover, he didn't take her on a
shopping trip to Neiman Marcus and he and Rowan do not go out to dinner most
nights.

"Ms. Rowan has worked the majority of her adult life generating a significant
income," Hecker said in his affidavit. "(Tamitha) should concern herself with
her own earning potential in the future, not Ms. Rowan's."

The couple is scheduled to appear Monday before Hennepin County District Judge
Jay Quam to discuss Tamitha Hecker's request for alimony.

Nicole Garrison-Sprenger can be reached at 651-228-5580. MaryJo Webster can be
reached at 651-228-5507.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              895 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 8, 2009 Sunday

SCAMMERS' POWER STING

BYLINE: ANGELA MONTEFINISE

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 150 words


Big Apple homeowners are getting zapped by a shocking door-to-door scam.

In an attempt to grab Con Ed customers, energy service companies are ringing
bells in Brooklyn and Queens offering drastically cheaper rates for delivering
electricity.

The only problem is the salespeople often lie, forge and misrepresent themselves
to do it, according to victims.

"It's very disturbing," said City Councilman Bill de Blasio (D-Brooklyn), whose
office is fielding persistent complaints and has created a hot line for victims.

The scam is simple: Salesmen knock on the door and ask for the homeowner's Con
Ed bill. Sometimes the salesmen identify themselves properly, but often they
imply or say they're from Con Ed.

After looking at the bill and pointing out high charges, they quote a false rate
to entice the homeowner to switch or take down personal information to
facilitate an unauthorized switch.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              896 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           October 11, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fasano Says Flier Distorts His Vote

BYLINE: KEVIN WIATROWSKI, kwiatrowski@tampatrib.com

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 488 words


A political advocacy group with connection to Aloha Utilities sent out the
mailer.

By KEVIN WIATROWSKI

kwiatrowski@tampatrib.com

NEW PORT RICHEY - State Sen. Mike Fasano is protesting a campaign flier accusing
him of supporting higher rates for insurance companies.

Fasano, R-New Port Richey, says the flier completely misrepresents his vote on
the 2006 measure, known as Senate Bill 1980. Legislative records show Fasano
voted against the measure.

The flier, mailed to residents in Senate District 11, was paid for by Tell the
Public the Facts Inc., a registered 527 political advocacy group based in Miami.

"I've been in politics a long time and I understand this is a business," Fasano
said Thursday. "But the bottom line is they didn't even get my vote right."

Fasano is running to retain his Senate seat against Democrat Fred Taylor of New
Port Richey.

Taylor denied any connection with the flier.

"I had nothing to do with it," Taylor said this week after being contacted about
the flier. .

State campaign finance records show Tell the Public received nearly $42,000 in
late September from Interphase Inc., an Odessa-based company owned by Roy Speer,
the former owner of the HSN television channel and the current vice president of
Aloha Utilities.

Until Interphase's donation, Tell the Public reported no income this year, state
election documents show.

Speer and his wife have a history of donating to the Republican Party and its
candidates.

This year, state records show Interphase gave $10,000 to the Florida Democratic
Party in July, about 10 weeks before its contribution to Tell the Public.
Neither the Speers nor any of their companies have given directly to Taylor.

Taylor, who is a customer of Aloha Utilities, said he met with Roy Speer before
the August primary. In that meeting, Speer wanted to know if Taylor was a
serious candidate, Taylor said.

"He never offered a penny," Taylor said.

Taylor said his campaign manager is provided and paid for by the state
Democratic Party.

Fasano sees the flier as an outgrowth of his work to get Aloha to clean up the
chronically poor-quality water it delivers to its customers in the Seven Springs
and Trinity areas of southwest Pasco.

"The only thing dirtier than Aloha's water is their politics," Fasano said
Thursday. "You'd think they'd spent their money to clean up their water."

Aloha has a deal pending with the Florida Governmental Utility Authority to sell
itself into public ownership for $90.5 million. County commissioners approved
the long-sought deal this week. FGUA officials expect the deal to close in
December.

Speer couldn't be reached for comment.

Reporter Kevin Wiatrowski can be reached at (813) 948-4201.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by COLIN HACKLEY

Photo: "The bottom line is they didn't even get my vote right," Sen. Mike Fasano
said about the campaign flier.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              897 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday

Budget unfairly bashed

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 228 words


THE JUNE 20 article, "Brownie bakers bemoan BART budget," misrepresents Gov.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's proposed transportation budget.

Referring to Schwarzenegger's public transportation budget as a "cut" is
inaccurate and misleading. The governor has increased funding for transit by
more than 20 percent over the last year and more than 400 percent compared with
three years ago.

His budget proposal shows tremendous leadership on public transit by increasing
funding for state and local transit by $321 million.

State funds account for a very small portion of transit agency funding.
According to the state's non-partisan legislative analyst, state funds accounted
for only 2 percent of all transit agency operating revenue statewide over the
last 10 years. The remaining 98 percent comes from federal and local revenue
sources and passenger fares.

Attributing any change in a local transit agency's budget to the state's
traditional 2 percent contribution is illogical and unwarranted.

Schwarzenegger supports transit in the state. He championed last November's
Proposition 1B, which included $4 billion for public transit, intercity and
commuter rail and waterborne transit operations, and has promised to continue to
build infrastructure for the next generation of Californians.

Dale E. Bonner

Secretary, California Business, Transportation

and Housing Agency in Sacramento

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              898 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          September 30, 2006 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

QUOTE OUT OF CONTEXT, SHAW SAYS

BYLINE: By GEORGE BENNETT Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 279 words


Republican U.S. Rep. Clay Shaw said Democratic challenger Ron Klein should
apologize for a new TV ad that says Shaw declared "the war is over" in Iraq
while U.S. troops are still dying there.

Shaw accused Klein of pulling the quote out of context to misrepresent Shaw's
position.

Klein's ad was released Friday. It says Shaw "refuses to question" President
Bush's handling of the war and quotes Shaw as saying, "The war is over. We won
the war."

As the screen shows an image of a cemetery, a narrator says, "Mr. Shaw, when
Americans are still dying in Iraq, the war is far from over."

The "war is over" quote was pulled from a Sept. 10 article in the Fort
Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel.

The full quote was: " 'The war is over,' he (Shaw) said Friday. 'We won the war,
because we were fighting the government. But now we're fighting a faceless
enemy. ... It's really something nobody anticipated.' "

Klein, a state senator from Boca Raton, has criticized Bush's handling of the
war throughout the campaign and accused Shaw, R-Fort Lauderdale, and the
Republican Congress of failing to exercise proper oversight.

In a statement Friday, Shaw condemned Klein's new ad.

"It's disgraceful -- and he should be embarrassed by it and immediately
apologize for playing politics with the service and sacrifice of American troops
and their families," the statement said. "It is stunningly wrong for Klein to
exploit American troops who are serving, and those who have given the ultimate
sacrifice, as he calculates his political strategy."

Shaw says "well-meaning patriots" can disagree about how the war is being
conducted, but "what we don't need is this kind of demagoguery."

~ george_bennett@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  ELECTION 2006 Ran all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              899 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Western Mail

                            July 22, 2006, Saturday
                                 First Edition

Enron ruling 'clears bank'

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 137 words


Barclays said yesterday a US court had thrown out claims against it in a class
action law suit linked to the collapse of Enron. The bank said it had received
an order from the district court for Texas, Houston, dismissing the allegations.

Barclays was one of the banks accused by shareholders of helping Enron
misrepresent its earnings and revenues. The so-called Newby litigation was
brought after the energy firm was declared bankrupt in 2001.

Barclays provided no further details about the claim in a short statement
yesterday.

There are a number of Enron-related law suits still hanging over the bank,
including its alleged role in the eventual bankruptcy of the power company. The
fall of Enron, one of the biggest corporate collapses in US history, left behind
billions of dollars of debt and thousands of jobless workers.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              900 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             June 15, 2006 Thursday

Illinois enacts copycat music law

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 260 words


SPRINGFIELD, Ill. -- Copycat musical groups will face penalties if they
misrepresent themselves as the original artists under a new Illinois law that
was championed by Mary Wilson of the Supremes.

Gov. Rod Blagojevich yesterday signed the measure, which takes effect in
January.

The law will require all live musical performers that use the name, songs and
personas of another group to advertise that their act is a salute or a tribute.

Violators could be fined up to $50,000, have any license to perform suspended or
be forced to pay damages to the original group or artist.

The Vocal Group Hall of Fame has backed the legislation as part of the "Truth in
Music" initiative and is pushing to get similar laws passed in every state.
Connecticut and Pennsylvania have already enacted laws.

Wilson called the Illinois law "a wonderful victory" for artists.

"From now on when the public goes to a rock 'n' roll show in the area, they can
be sure the artist is the original, and not some rip-off band," she said in a
written statement.

Wilson, who sang with Diana Ross in the 1960s Motown trio, visited Illinois
lawmakers in January and urged them to approve the legislation. She said she has
filed several civil lawsuits against groups claiming to be the Supremes. But she
lost all the cases "because there were no laws to protect me."

Bob Crosby, president and CEO of the Vocal Group Hall of Fame Foundation, says
the legislation will give artists "long overdue respect, protect artists'
legacies and give hope to the vocal group artists that have suffered identity
theft."

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              901 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             November 15, 2001, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Bonuses boost schools' efforts to succeed

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 1886 words



Your Oct. 31 editorial The folly of bonuses during crisis misrepresents my
administration's efforts to provide more funding with greater flexibility for
Florida's public schools.

You suggest that the $ 76-million in school bonuses we awarded this year went to
schools that would be successful anyway. This is false. Of the 835 schools
receiving a bonus this year, 428 have at least 40 percent of their students
receiving free or reduced-price lunches - a federal poverty indicator. These are
obviously not schools with the "greatest advantages."

Under the A+Plan, we have gone from having 74 "F" schools in 1999 to four in
2000, to none this year. These grades are improving because FCAT scores are
improving, with minority student gains outpacing those of non-minority students.

School Recognition Bonus funds account for less than two-thirds of 1 percent of
the more than $ 12-billion that Florida spends on the K-12 operating budget; yet
clearly the incentive they provide is helping schools achieve success.

It is not the established "A" schools that are leading the way in Florida's
educational renaissance, though they, too, get a reward for high performance.
Rather, it is those schools that nobody ever expected to succeed that are now
meeting and exceeding established standards that are the real story. It's a
shame there are those that call to take away the bonuses these schools richly
deserve.

Jeb Bush, governor, Tallahassee

An opportunity in Midtown

Re: 22nd Street Business District needs help, by Bill Maxwell, Nov. 7.

For many years now, real progress has been promised by city leaders in the
Midtown area of St. Petersburg. So far, we have nothing to show for it.
Unfortunately, the tragic events of Sept. 11, and the negative economic impact
they have had on our economy will not help matters any.

That being said, we now have a real opportunity to make meaningful changes in
Midtown. With Deputy Mayor Goliath David leading the charge, and supportive, new
leadership at City Hall, the opportunity for success cannot be overstated. As
Bill Maxwell said, all of us have to play a part.

I have spoken to Deputy Mayor Davis on several occasions about the plans for
Midtown, and he recently gave our board of governors an overview of his plans.
His thoughtful, deliberate approach is cautious and wise. If we want real
change, we all have to make a contribution.

I have offered the full support of the chamber in this effort, as it relates to
business recruitment and retention. Our business assistance program is a valued
partnership we have with the city of St. Petersburg. Under this program we can
provide valuable business training through our Entrepreneurial Academy. We can
provide guidance and assistance to struggling business through our
mentor/protege program. We can provide technical assistance to businesses trying
to overcome simple problems such as permitting, to more complex problems that
may require us to assemble a team of expert volunteers.

We are ready to help, but Maxwell is right on the mark. If Davis is to succeed,
he will need the help of all of us, especially "ordinary Midtown residents."

Terrence E. Brett, chairman, board of governors,

St. Petersburg Area Chamber of Commerce

All of St. Petersburg needs help

Re: 22nd Street Business District needs help.

It is not only 22nd Avenue S but the whole city of St. Petersburg that needs
help.

If the city really wanted to do something to spur growth on the south side, why
was our governing body so fast to make sure that Wal-Mart did not locate there?
It seems to me that this would have brought new life and jobs to an area that
the city would like to see just go away. Did anyone notice that when there is a
bit of intelligence in government, the leaders are smart enough to bring in new
business (re: Pinellas Park).

As to Goliath Davis taking his time, well why should he hurry? As police chief,
he was not in any hurry to attempt to rid the area of dope dealers.

It seems we have four mayors all doing nothing, except collecting big, fat pay
checks. So why bring in any new business?

Louis Van Roy, St. Petersburg

What if's abound regarding USF

Re: USF's interest in neighboring airport, Nov. 7.

As intended, Bill Heller's editorial comments provoked a lot of "what if's?" It
was quickly followed by an editorial piece on Nov. 9, highlighting just one side
of the issue of the airport versus University of South Florida (An intertwined
fate). It is interesting to note that Heller's piece pursuing expansion of USF
appears directly opposite a piece by Bill Maxwell highlighting the desperate
need for help in the 22nd Street Business District (22nd Street Business
District needs help).

Now there's a thought! What if USF expanded into the district so sorely in need
of revitalization? Here are a couple more "what if's":

 What if USF planners had considered that the airport has been there since 1917
before they decided on a site?

 What if USF had considered noise and building height before it planned
buildings for that site?

 What if USF expansion degraded the city's cosmopolitan character to a "college
town"?

 What if Bill Heller chose some of the empty fields USF owns on the northwest
corner of its property for his building projects instead of at the end of a
runway that has been there 85 years?

 What if our city became another big-building mecca like Miami Beach?

 What if the professionals in the city moved elsewhere and left us with just
academia and intellectuals?

 What if tourists decided they prefer to see something other than a university
(with an alleged terrorist supporter on the faculty) and took their dollars with
them?

 What if the new and expanding number of good restaurants were replaced by
Burger Kings in response to market demand?

 What if? But then, I guess you know "what if.

John V. Horsting, St. Petersburg

City will regret losing Whitted

Re: Whitted presents problems for USF, letter,

Nov. 12.

Regarding the issue of the University of South Florida-St. Petersburg campus
versus Albert Whitted airport, I believe that the writers, representing the
student body, have arguments, that in their respective viewpoints, are very
valid. However, as a retired airline captain, I have read many newspapers
debating the same issues in towns I've spent time in. The basic complaints of
the opponents: noise, safety and needed land use.

Now USF-St. Petersburg wants to expand to a four-year status and increase
enrollment, and its leaders want to remove any impediments to their expansion.
The airport was there for many decades before the school. They now seek to
influence the city fathers to remove a historical place as well as a place the
city will regret losing many times over if they decide to reduce the size of
Whitted or close it. Many other cities and towns have closed and later reopened
airports when they realized their mistakes.

One other item that should be noted is that the city of St. Petersburg has
invested federal and city funds of many hundreds of thousands of dollars to
build 50 new hangers in the past two years. How will the city recover that lost
money? Perhaps raising everyone's taxes might be considered! I hope the leaders
of the city, the council and others will seriously consider the ramifications of
any closure and all the hidden drawbacks, such as the city's having to reimburse
the government for funds allocated to the airport and other consequences that
have not been disclosed in the St. Petersburg Times.

Proper development of the airport would allow green-space access to all in the
airport boundary, so that we could enjoy the airport and its benefit to the
city.

John Gilbert, St. Petersburg

Just close the airport

Thanks again for your Nov. 9 editorial An intertwined fate, which is keeping the
Albert Whitted Airport matter before the public. I support doing away with the
airport so the city can improve itself with the type of benefits cited in your
editorial.

I must disagree with you, however, when you call for further debate on this
issue. What is there to debate? This is the classic "no-brainer." On the one
hand, we get progress and improvement for the city (not to mention some fiscal
relief for the taxpayer) and on the other hand, we get what? No improvement for
the city and a continued unnecessary airport that costs taxpayers and benefits a
few.

Can we get a referendum on this issue so that residents can vote directly on the
issue? I also ask that you continue to keep this issue before the public so
that, as your prior editorial suggested (Overlooking airport details, Oct. 28),
this does not get decided in some back room by the politicians and their special
interests.

David Briggs, St. Petersburg

Flights are a danger to festival

My family and I attended the Rib Fest on Nov. 10 which, due to the great
weather, resulted in an extremely large crowd numbering well into the thousands.
All day long, right into the evening and nighttime hours, private planes
continued to take off from Albert Whitted Airport, flying very low over the
crowds before they could turn back over the bay. Any loss of control of one of
these planes would probably have resulted in the deaths of hundreds, if not
thousands, of people who were attending the Rib Fest.

The fact that the city allows this airport to operate in that manner during
these types of festivities is outrageous, and to allow it during a time of war
is totally unconscionable.

I know that the city government is preoccupied right now with passing ordinances
to outlaw the feeding of birds, but I would hope that when our leaders are
through with that very important matter, they might direct their time and
thoughts to Albert Whitted Airport and the risk it creates to citizens of our
city, especially during festivities such as Rib Fest.

Larry D. Beltz, St. Petersburg

Thanks for an extraordinary event

I want to express my gratitude, and that of my colleagues at Eckerd College, for
bringing the "Times Festival of Reading" to our campus. The countless hours
devoted to this labor of love by the staff of the Times, and by so many at the
college, produced a simply extraordinary event for the wonderfully literate
community of St. Petersburg and Tampa Bay.

I have lived and worked in a half-dozen fine academic communities and have never
experienced before such a stunning confluence of writers and readers. This
literary event is unparalleled among our nation's colleges and universities, and
we are proud of our association with the St. Petersburg Times.

Eckerd College is grateful to the Times and the people of this community for
their support of this unique celebration of learning. We eagerly look forward to
next year's event.

Donald R. Eastman, president, Eckerd College,

St. Petersburg

Share your opinions

We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be addressed to
Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731.

They can be sent by e-mail to letters@sptimes.com or by fax to (727) 893-8675.

They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number. Please include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be published.


LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON, DON ADDIS; "STANDING GUARD": A big person symbolizing John
Ashcroft's stance on medicinal pot and banned assisted suicide, stands on a sick
man

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company

                              902 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              November 23, 1996, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

HOFFA WILL RESTORE PRIDE TO TEAMSTERS UNION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 467 words


In reference to Rick McMahon's Nov. 8 letter, Teamsters do face a critical
choice in the election for general president and international officers. The
choice is between James P. Hoffa, who will restore pride and power to the
Teamsters, and Ron Carey, who has nearly bankrupt the union, has weakened its
strength, is a government puppet and who has absolutely no regard for the rights
or wishes of members.

Carey took office in 1992. Between 1992 and 1995, he spent more than $ 460
million in members' dues. The union's solvency is at risk.

Carey's claim that the International is "living within its dues income,"
misrepresents the facts. Carey defines "dues income" as the $ 3.90 per capita
plus the $ 1 emergency assessment. After more than two years, the "emergency
assessment" has become an undemocratically imposed tax on local unions, a
replacement for the dues increase rejected by the membership in March 1994.

Carey has not succeeded in increasing the strength of the International Union.
The International's own report published in April, states for the year ending
Dec. 31, 1995, the IBT lost 2,000 members.

Federal government involvement in the International since 1988 has cost the
union $ 60 million. Hoffa has pledged to seek a date and definite timeline for
getting the federal government out of the union. That is one thing that must
happen for the Teamsters to be strong again.

McMahon is in error when he says that Carey gave the members the Teamsters
magazine. This magazine was in existence many years before Carey took office and
was not used to promote one candidate's campaign as Carey has used it to promote
his own re-election.

Regarding Carey and open communication, no open communication was allowed at the
convention held in July in Philadelpha. Time and again, Carey ruled members,
even those who supported him, out of order when they sought to lay the issue of
the strike fund before the assembled delegates.

Open communication was thwarted by Carey appointed sergeants-at-arms only
allowing Carey supporters to reach microphones until finally on the third day of
the convention, Carey cracked under the pressure and allowed pro and con
microphones to be set up.

I witnessed a great deal of division at the convention. In his acceptance
speech, Hoffa said he would unite this union; he stands for unity, pride and
power and for members' rights. Some of Hoffa's proposals include a pledge for no
dues increase, a pledge to negotiate a real "25 and out" pension, restoring of
the strike fund and a promise to return this union to whom it belongs - the
membership.

A vote for Hoffa is a vote for the future and a strong international union.

Pat Raftery

Local 688

Elected Rank and File Delegate

to the 1996 I.B.T. Conventions

St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              903 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 23, 1992, Thursday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; City making effort to keep Candler course open

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 14

LENGTH: 1133 words


The recent article regarding the closing of the Candler Park Golf Course
misrepresents the city of Atlanta's attempts to grapple with devastatingly tough
economic times while providing for a quality program at the golf course.

The Candler Park course is an important asset to the city of Atlanta.

The Constitution was told that the city plans to take every possible step to
keep it open and available to the public and that the Department of Parks,
Recreation and Cultural Affairs' request for funding for Candler was still under
review.

Currently, the mayor's staff is working with the department to find ways to keep
Candler open until a consensus is reached and a public policy that considers the
lack of available funding and the needs of the golfing community is finalized.

It is not now, nor has it ever been, the mayor's or the department's intent to
close Candler until all possible options have been exhausted.

For The Constitution to say that Candler will close if the mayor's budget is
approved is totally wrong, since it does not reflect the range of options that
remain available.

One possible solution to the budget crunch at Candler that requires careful
attention is the adding of the course to the current lease arrangement that
governs the city's other golf courses such as Brown's Mill and Bobby Jones.

Privatizing Candler would keep the golf course in operation and at the same time
avert the need to use dwindling city funds earmarked for other critical services
such as senior citizens programs, youth activities and parks maintenance.

The dialogue between members of the City Council and the Candler community about
the American Golf Co.'s willingness to manage Candler and invest nearly $ 1
million to improve the golf course is important to the development of a sound
and responsible public policy on the financing and management of the last
remaining city-run golf course.

Although immediate steps have indeed been taken to improve cash handling at
Candler, the ultimate public policy question of whether to privatize the golf
course will determine the department's next steps.

The democratic process is often slow, but the community deserves every
opportunity to fully work with its elected officials and the department to
succesfully resolve this important issue.

HAROLD MORGAN

Mr. Morgan is commissioner of the city Department of Parks, Recreation and
Cultural Affairs.; Despite Grizzard, Magic Johnson's fight heroic

In his Jan. 20 column, Lewis Grizzard proclaims that Earvin "Magic" Johnson is
no hero.

Mr. Grizzard has decided to add his voice, somewhat belatedly, to those who take
offense at us who admire Mr. Johnson's courage in the face of a deadly disease.

The column's comments are not new or particularly insightful. I overheard
someone say that Mr. Johnson was no hero because of his frequent social
liaisons.

The ironic thing about this is that many of the very men who do raise their
voices in moral protest are part of male America that believes it macho for a
single man to "score" with as many women as possible.

Implicitly what these detractors are saying is that when they were single they
would have, on moral grounds, shunned the opportunity to sleep with the women of
their choice.

Those who complain of Mr. Johnson should listen to how they are parsing the
moral equation. They suggest that it is moral to engage in premarital sex with a
single, or limited, partners, but that sin creeps in with increased numbers.

By no means is it my intention to glorify promiscuous sex. Rather, it is to tell
those like Mr. Grizzard, in his own words, to get real.

Mr. Johnson clearly shares culpability for his own fate. But that misses the
issue.

Most of us are partly responsible for our situation but quickly seek cover when
things get too rough.

Why doesn't Mr. Grizzard argue that help or sympathy is misplaced for smokers
dying of lung cancer or for drinkers who are dying of alcohol- related ailments?
Did he write a column condemning Yul Brenner's ad filmed in his dying days that
urged others not to smoke?

By sharing the last portion of his life in trying to help others avoid his
plight, I believe Mr. Johnson is a hero.

HENRY WATKINS, Atlanta; Success self-generated

Economist Robert B. Reich in his recent Perspective article, "Failing the
course," shows that he is a little confused about what is going on in the world.

"American business" is not a general fund where do-gooders direct the resources
toward the pressing problem of the moment. "American business" is mostly small,
owner-operated concerns that are trying to survive.

Even those huge corporations whose resources he would like to direct are laying
off tens of thousands just to survive.

Mr. Reich should spend his spare time writing to his congressman and senators
demanding that they balance the budget and start paying off the huge federal
debt.

Mr. Reich should spend his working time writing articles directed at parents
begging them to teach their kids that their success is their own responsibility
and that businesses really want and need the energy, creativity and fresh
outlook of youth.

But, young people have to be able to read, write and do a little arithmetic.

SCOTT ANGEL, Tallapoosa; Head hits the target

Once in a while, a column brings the clarity of truth and wisdom to a problem.
Such an outstanding piece of thoughtfulness is John Head's Jan. 13 column on
violence in America.

Stripping away the irrelevancies and cutting through emotions and confusion, he
clearly states that society will not significantly change "until we rid
ourselves of the deep-seated acceptance of violence."

We must all quit condoning and excusing violence and begin to condemn the
epidemic of it around us.

ALLEN J. WALTERS Roswell; Fee increases too high

Zell Miller said no new taxes. Now he wants to increase the fee tax on anything
a normal voter has to have by state law.

Let's take auto tags for instance. Now $ 8, they are to be $ 20. Every voter who
owns a vehicle or trailer will be affected by this.

I am under the impression that auto tags are made by prisoners. If I was
governor and had free labor and no overhead, I believe I could manufacture the
metal auto tag for $ 8. What a profit if I charged $ 20 per year.

The boat registration is to be increased 50 percent. Again, a decal that lasts
three years would seem to be a profit at present rate.

Mr. Miller only wants one term, thank goodness. But I, and I hope other
concerned voters, will remember him (in case he runs for dog- catcher or
something) and all the other money-hungry state legislators who lend their names
to the increase of these "fee taxes."

THOMAS J. "SAM" HOWARD, Acworth

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                              904 of 997 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                               May 3, 2004 Monday

Heritage in Raymond fight

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1323 words


Thomas Brown's letter to the editor of April 19 unfortunately misrepresents both
the extent to which Pasadena Heritage has legal rights to influence the outcome
of the Raymond Theatre project and statements I, executive director, made to the
Pasadena Design Commission during its hearings on the Raymond Theater.

The Raymond Theatre has been an endangered building for most of Pasadena
Heritage's 26- year history. The organization has continuously worked to
preserve the building, encourage its continued use as a theater, and seek new
owners or alternative projects that would protect this historic structure.
Pasadena Heritage has never supported the current development proposal, because
it destroys most of the interior of the building. Pasadena Heritage has been one
of the most outspoken organizations fighting to save the theater for two
decades.

One important gain in this long battle was to negotiate the donation of an
Historical Preservation Easement in December of 1985, which prevents demolition
of the building. The easement specifically gives Pasadena Heritage the right of
approval over any changes to the exterior facades of the buildings. It does not,
however, protect the interior of the building or whether the building continues
to be used as a theater.

Pasadena Heritage's commitment to a positive, preservation-focused outcome to
the ongoing Raymond Theatre debate is second to none. However, we do not have
any legal basis to block the proposed project's changes to the interior of the
structure. It is inaccurate for any person to represent otherwise.

Susan N. Mossman

Pasadena

In dark on tax

I read again in today's paper [April 28] that the home prices in Los Angeles
County are still rising. Given that, for example, the average price of a home in
Monrovia has risen above 32 percent this past year, how is it that the
courthouse is now closing completely? I don't claim to be an economic whiz, but
I can't help but wonder what is happening to all the property- tax revenue that
is increasing by leaps and bounds.

I hope someone can answer the question because it seems services and the like
are being cut by large amounts and I thought the money for such was at least
partly a result of property taxes. Does anybody know?

Kathleen Molzen

Sierra Madre

Settle Raymond dispute

I don't understand what all the fuss is about regarding the Raymond Theatre. I
moved to Pasadena in 1980 and drove by the theater many times. Usually, there
was nothing on the marquee. Every once in awhile it would be advertising an
upcoming concert by someone I was not interested in seeing. I had always heard
of it referred to as the historic Raymond Theatre but never heard details of its
history.

I finally attended a concert there [a female country-western star, I can't
remember which one]. The crowd was sparse and the interior was a little shabby
but it did have the architectural features one would expect in a theater of its
age.

Now I read letters about how altering the old theater would be erasing people's
history and that the owners' motive is greed.

I have many fond memories of places I have been to, but I don't expect the
owners to preserve the facility just how I remembered it. And doesn't the owner
have the right to turn it into something that can make money? It seems to me
that the preservationists have a choice.

They can organize a group of like-minded individuals who can raise enough money
to buy the place, or they can let the current owner make any modifications he
desires [with the appropriate city approvals] and cherish their memories.

Robert Roper

Monrovia

Pump prices explored

Much comment has been made about why gasoline costs have risen so much. I have
seen little mention that there has been a significant gasoline cost increase due
to regulations that have given us a cleaner environment.

Environmental regulations require the production of a boutique gasoline for
California which has a refining cost of 15 to 20 cents per gallon [c/g] over
that produced on the Gulf Coast. The accounts for most of the current 30 c/g
difference in the wholesale gasoline cost between California and the Gulf Coast.

Environmental regulations requiring cleaner refineries have added about another
20 c/g to refining costs.

Refineries are operating at the highest utilization in history. There has not
been a refinery built in the United States in 30 years primarily because of
environmental regulations. Many refineries have shut down because they could not
make the necessary investments to abide by the regulations. This has resulted in
reduced competition for gasoline production.

Environmental Regulations have reduced competition by requiring special
gasolines in different areas. California gasolines cannot be made in significant
volume by most refineries because large capital investments required for its
production.

Just the elimination of MTBE from California gasoline has regulated in increased
refining and distribution costs. The refiners must make a special gasoline at
the refinery that will make California gasoline when blended with alcohol at a
terminal where tank trucks are filled. Gasoline containing alcohol cannot be
shipped by ship or pipeline as a result of environmental regulations. Alcohol is
added to the tank when it is filed.

It should be noted that the regulation requiring an oxygenate [alcohol] is
primarily effective in reducing carbon monoxide emissions only in older cars
without catalytic mufflers. The regulations are primarily political
requirements. Alcohol addition is subsidized by the federal government.

Eugene I. Motte

La Canada Flintridge

Godly must go

Regarding The call for resignation of Tammy Godly, president of the South
Pasadena Unified School District School Board of Education:

Godley has demonstrated a clear lack of leadership and inability to lead the
board and the district. Because of the antics that the community has witnessed,
we have lost faith and trust in her as president and board member of the South
Pasadena Unified School District. In order to restore calmness and to bring
trust back to the district, it is imperative that Godley immediately resign her
position as school board member.

Reen Jaramillo

South Pasadena

Foreign policy lesson

For those not versed in Arab conspiracy theories it may not be a surprise to
learn that Arab's feel that Jews control our foreign policy. Why else would we
act against our national interests and invade a country that was not an
immediate threat? Even Bush said that Sharon owed him "big time' for removing
Saddam Hussein. Bush's calling the war a crusade and telling the Palestinian
Prime Minister that God told him to remove Hussein further advanced the
conspiracy theory of Jews and Christians untied against Islam.

While Wolfowitz is often referred to in this conspiracy theory, Iraq is a
right-wing American obsession. Israel was much more worried about Iran. They
understood that Iraq was not an imminent danger.

All ideologues, as rigid personalities, are obsessed with signs of weakness.
They felt humiliated by Hussein's continued political survival. In that regard,
the glorification of strength, we are unfortunately emulating Israel's current
leadership.

Kerry's only hope if he is elected is to adopt Bush's campaign promise of having
a humble foreign policy. Such a policy would start with asking God's and other
nation's forgiveness for our sins of arrogance.

The families of 9/11 want to see some measure of responsibility taken; Rice's
claim that nothing could have been done flies in the face of common sense.
Wolfowitz has direct responsibility for ignoring Al Qaeda. Further, he had our
Indonesian ambassador, Bob Gelbard, removed for being militant about Al Qaeda's
threat in that country. Firing Wolfowitz for the resulting Bali bombing would be
a step in the right direction.

Richard D. Cusick

South Pasadena

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.

                              905 of 997 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                             April 3, 2003 Thursday

Official enters plea in felony

BYLINE: By Karen Rubin , Staff Writer

LENGTH: 551 words


Baldwin Park Councilman Bill Van Cleave pleaded not guilty Thursday to charges
he flashed his police-like council badge to threaten and imprison a woman
collecting money from him for a bounced check.

The 48-year-old Van Cleave acting as his own attorney entered his plea to one
felony charge of false imprisonment and one misdemeanor count of unlawful use of
his city-issued council badge.

Van Cleave, who is free on bond, was arrested March 13.

It is unlawful for elected officials to flash their shields and misrepresent
themselves as law enforcement. It is considered an abuse of authority and is
tantamount to impersonating a police officer, officials said.

Los Angeles Superior Court Commissioner Jeffrey M. Harkey set a preliminary
hearing for April 15 in downtown Los Angeles.

Wearing a suit and a patriotic tie, Van Cleave told the judge he wanted to be
his own attorney. During the hearing, the judge asked the councilman to slow
down when he began speaking so rapidly he was hard to understand.

Harkey granted the request and ordered Van Cleave not to contact the victim,
Rosa Maria Leyva, of Baldwin Park.

Outside the courtroom Van Cleave declared his innocence.

"These are false and erroneous charges, totally,' the councilman said. "It's a
small case and a political thing. We'll win it.'

Van Cleave was in court with his daughter, Sarah, and his wife, Susan.

Deputy District Attorney Terry A. Borak, of the Public Integrity Unit, said the
councilman's alleged conduct on July 3 was disturbing.

"He ushered the woman bodily into the back of his car and drove approximately
four to five blocks,' Borak said. "Then there was a heated discussion.'

Borak said Van Cleave will not lose his council seat if he is found guilty of a
felony. Only certain felonies can pull a convicted elected official off the
dais, he said.

If Van Cleave is found guilty, he could face three years, four months behind
bars.

The incident unfolded when Rayed Abdulnour, the owner of M & I Liquor Store,
cashed a $584 payroll check for one of Van Cleave's hardware employees.

But the check bounced. The 28- year-old store owner repeatedly went to Van
Cleave to collect the debt, but was brushed off, Abdulnour said.

On July 3, Rosa Maria Leyva, Abdulnour's girlfriend, collected $200. Leyva was
told to return in two days to collect the owed $384, the police report states.

Two days later, she collected the amount due. After leaving, Van Cleave and his
daughter confronted her on the street.

Van Cleave demanded his money, he allegedly grabbed her wrist and said he was a
police officer and threatened to arrest her.

He allegedly then flashed his council badge. The woman thought it was a police
badge and that he could arrest her.

After allegedly shoving the woman into his car, he and his daughter drove to M &
I at 14511 Pacific Ave. Leyva gave him the money, the councilman drove off.

Van Cleave denies Leyva's account. He says the woman was accidentally paid twice
and Van Cleave went to get his money. The councilman said Leyva gave it back
willingly.

He says he never grabbed her arm, never flashed his council badge, never
threatened her or shoved her into his car.

Karen Rubin can be reached at [626] 962-8811, Ext. 2109, or by e-mail at
karen.rubin@sgvn.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.

                              906 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 23, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Browse in Bookstores, but Save on the Web;
The New Booksellers

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 158 words



To the Editor:

"The Endangered Bookshop" (editorial, June 19) misrepresents what is going on in
the book business. The most potent trend in the industry is not the growth of
chains like Barnes & Noble but rather the shifting of book sales from the
bookstore to nontraditional retailers.

More than half of all consumer books are now sold in such outlets as pet shops,
discount clubs, mass merchandisers, office product stores and computer
retailers. This trend is accelerating. Last year the market share for the
national bookstore chains actually dropped.

Whatever one might say against the bookstore chains, the fact is that they are
bookstores and have a better chance of fending off the nonliterary
mega-merchandisers of book "product" than the quaint independent bookstores of a
vanishing world.

JOSEPH J. ESPOSITO
Willmette, Ill., June 19, 1997

The writer is a former chief executive of Encyclopaedia Britannica.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                              907 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 28, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

No Drunken Driving-Speed Limit Link

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 343 words


To the Editor:

Florence Nass (letter, April 5) laments the untimely death of Representative
James J. Howard of New Jersey. Certainly, the citizens of that state have lost
an able and vigorous servant. Unfortunately, Mrs. Nass devotes the bulk of her
letter to misrepresentations concerning the recently altered national 55
miles-per-hour speed limit. Representative Howard's attachment to the national
55 m.p.h. limit is understandable in the sense that a person may love a child
regardless of that child's limitations.

But Mrs. Nass seriously misrepresents the issues when she equates the posting of
unreasonably slow speed limits with alcoholic impairment of vehicle operators.
Her allegations that the higher speed limits in some states (65 m.p.h. on urban
interstates) have caused highway death rates to soar is pointedly refuted in
Texas, where 1987 has shown the lowest traffic death rate in 12 years, despite
early passage of laws increasing speed limits in the state.

In Texas, traffic deaths show a progressive increase from 1976 to 1981, followed
by a sustained decrease from 1981 to 1986. This rise and fall occurred in the
time of the national 55 m.p.h. speed limit. In 1987, with a substantial portion
of the year included in the higher speed limit, the death rate was the lowest
for the 1976-87 period. Year in and year out, 50 percent to 80 percent of
vehicular deaths occur at speeds under 40 m.p.h., predominantly at
intersections; thus, posted speed limits, whether enforced or not, have little,
if any, significance in traffic death rates.

Unrealistically slow highway speed limits result in wholesale noncompliance, and
as bad laws always do, promote disrespect for all laws. For Mrs. Nass to equate
the suppression of responsible drivers through counterproductive highway laws
with the need to attack the problem of alcohol-impaired drivers, who are a
danger at any speed, is a disservice to everyone concerned but especially to
those who are victims of drunken drivers.

V. Q. TELFORD
  Richardson, Tex., April 7, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              908 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 14, 1997, Monday, Final Edition

A Lott to Explain

Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01; MEDIA NOTES

LENGTH: 1104 words


Trent Lott has never been known as a fire-breathing media basher. Yet here is
the Senate majority leader on the Fourth Estate:

"The national news media has become an extension of the liberals in Congress and
the Clinton administration. . . . Our nation can't survive under a big media
liberal monopoly. . . . Many in the liberal media did everything they could to
make conservatives lose the 1994 elections. . . . Left-wing journalism
professors are training their new crop of media radicals. . . . I've seen
firsthand how the news media can twist conservative programs and misrepresent
them to the American people."

Lott is now disavowing those words as "definitely out of bounds," says his
spokeswoman, Susan Irby. The scorching indictment is contained in an 11-page
fund-raising letter for the Leadership Institute, an Arlington-based
organization that trains conservatives for careers in journalism and public
policy.

"He would not have approved this letter," Irby said. "We have let them know
we're unhappy. . . . This went out totally without our knowledge." While Lott,
of Mississippi, signed a similar letter about 18 months ago, she said, he is now
"severing our relationship with the Leadership Institute" and will sign no
future fund-raising appeals.

But Morton Blackwell, the former Reagan White House aide who runs the institute,
says Lott specifically approved the letter. Blackwell is an old friend who
helped Lott in his first House race in 1972.

"We had a meeting," Blackwell said. "We discussed the letter and he agreed to do
it.

"We don't teach people to slant the news. We teach them the techniques of how to
be fair. Even being fair would be a whole lot better than what we have now."

In recent years, the tax-exempt institute has been recruiting aspiring print and
broadcast journalists to attend two-day training seminars and offering a
job-placement service. Blackwell says he has trained about 1,000 broadcast
journalists. The institute also provides training and $ 500 start-up grants for
more than 80 conservative college newspapers, such as the Dartmouth Review,
viewing them as a crucial training ground for the future of right-leaning
journalism.

"You and I can create a steady stream of new, qualified, effective conservative
journalists," Lott's pitch said. The letter unloaded on "leftist faculty and
administrators" who "harass and harangue young conservatives who dare to speak
up on campus." The missive also praised the work of reporter Christopher Ruddy,
who has repeatedly questioned whether White House aide Vincent Foster was
murdered.

Other prominent Republicans, including House Majority Leader Dick Armey, have
signed similar fund-raising letters for Blackwell. Hundreds of graduates of the
institute, which bills itself as nonpartisan, are working on Capitol Hill.

Blackwell, a Republican National Committee member in Virginia until last year,
boosted the institute's budget from $ 461,000 in 1989 to $ 5.2 million last
year.

But wouldn't bringing conservative activists into the media raise the same
problem of ideological bias that Blackwell sees on the liberal side? "Most of
the people in most of the major media in this country are on the left
politically," he said. "Having some conservatives in there is a good thing to
balance it off."

Unfortunately, he said, "a great many of our conservatives want to be pundits
and commentators rather than doing the hard work of news."

Bait and Switch

"An intimate look at the damage of adultery" is how Good Housekeeping's August
issue touts its Kathie Lee Gifford interview. Trouble is, the chat took place
before husband Frank Gifford was caught on videotape with a female friend.

Deja Vu

Good news stories often make their way from the provinces to the nation's
capital. Such was the case on June 11 when Washington Times reporter Ruth Larson
did a front-page piece on federal authorities deporting criminal aliens by
putting them on commercial airline flights, often unescorted by security guards.
While Larson clearly did her own reporting, much the same story had appeared
three weeks earlier in the San Diego Union-Tribune.

No big deal. But there was more to this tale of unfriendly skies, first noted by
Forbes's online magazine. The next day, Larson did a front-page follow-up in
which the government's practice "was flailed yesterday by congressmen," and
noting that "the Washington Times reported yesterday about several incidents."

The initial flailing was done by Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham (R-Calif.), who,
in a letter to Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris
Meissner, said: "If the news reports are true, your practice represents a
callous disregard for the safety of the traveling public."

What Larson didn't mention was that Cunningham had written the letter back on
May 20, two days after the Union-Tribune banner story. Also excised was the
letter's opening: "I am stunned to find through the San Diego Union-Tribune . .
. "

Francis Coombs, a Times assistant managing editor, said an editor had inserted
the word "yesterday" in Larson's first sentence. "That's a screw-up. . . . There
is no question the time element in the lead is misleading," he said. Coombs
added that "we should have put a date on the Cunningham letter. That is simply a
mistake. Everything else in the story is a fresh quote generated by Ruth."

Coombs assailed the cutesy headline in the Forbes piece -- "Larson-ous" -- for
unfairly denigrating "a fine young reporter."

Things Must Be Slow 1

"HERO PETS! Amazing true stories of animals who risked feather and fur to save
their owners' lives" -- People cover story

Hot Stuff

At first blush, the Barron's cover story on portfolio managers who switch jobs
doesn't sound all that scintillating.

So the financial weekly chose to, well, sex it up. "Playing the Field," the
headline says, with an artist's rendering of a tall, graying man -- who looks
startlingly like Bill Clinton -- in an illicit embrace with an attractive woman.
Portfolio managers, the cover line explains, are being "seduced by other funds."

The president of the United States is certainly no stranger to charges of
adultery. But to depict it as an artistic fact, in a story about money managers?

"There wasn't really any intention on my part to portray it as Bill Clinton,"
said Barron's Editor Ed Finn, who says he hadn't noticed the resemblance. "Maybe
the artist had something subliminal going on."

Things Must Be Slow 2

Time magazine asked leading lawmakers whether they prefer hot dogs or
hamburgers, ketchup or mustard.


LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Barron's sexy July 7 cover -- complete with Clinton look-alike.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post

                              909 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                   1 Edition

executive tweets

BYLINE: RUSSELL BLAIR

SECTION: MAIN; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 863  words


President Donald Trump attacked Sen. Richard Blumenthal's military record
Thursday, a day after the senator revealed critical comments Neil Gorsuch,
Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court, made about the president's aggressive
remarks about the judicial branch.

"Sen. Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he
had (major lie), now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?" Trump posted on
Twitter at 6:57 a.m., contradicting accounts from Gorsuch's own team and other
senators who met with him.

"I was incredulous," Blumenthal said when he learned of Trump's tweet. "There's
no question that Judge Gorsuch said in our meeting, in fact said more than once,
that he finds the president's vicious attacks on the judiciary to be
disheartening and demoralizing."

The attacks Blumenthal referred to include a flurry of tweets critical of the
federal judge in Seattle who put a hold on Trump's immigration executive order
that suspended the U.S. refugee program and blocked travelers from seven
predominantly Muslim countries. He said the judge and the court system would be
to blame "if something happens" because the ban was lifted.

Sean Spicer, Trump's press secretary, didn't dispute that Gorsuch was critical
of attacks on the judiciary, but accused Blumenthal of twisting his words.
Gorsuch was speaking in generalities, not about Trump's recent comments, he
said.

"There's a big difference between commenting on the specific comments that had
been made in the tweet and his general philosophy about the judiciary and his
respect for his fellow judges," Spicer told reporters at a White House press
briefing.

But that explanation was refuted by Blumenthal's colleague Sen. Ben Sasse, a
Republican from Nebraska. Sasse said he had a similar conversation with Gorsuch,
and specifically mentioned a tweet from Trump calling U.S. District Court Judge
James L. Robart a "so-called judge."

"Frankly he got pretty passionate about it," Sasse said on MSNBC Thursday. "I
asked him about the so-called judges comment because we don't have so-called
judges or so-called presidents or so-called senators. This was a guy who kind of
welled up with some energy and he said any attack on any of ... I think his term
to me was brothers or sisters of the robe, is an attack on all judges, and he
believes in an independent judiciary."

Former Sen. Kelly Ayotte, a Republican from New Hampshire who is helping Gorsuch
through the confirmation process and was in the meeting with Blumenthal said in
a written statement Thursday: "[Gorsuch] has also emphasized the importance of
an independent judiciary, and while he made clear that he was not referring to
any specific case, he said that he finds any criticism of a judge's integrity
and independence disheartening and demoralizing."

Blumenthal said "the most charitable way to view it is the president was
misinformed and that his denial of the obvious truth" was a result of the
"ongoing mayhem in the White House." He said Gorsuch could clear the air by
speaking publicly about what he told the senator privately.

Gorsuch's conversation with Blumenthal dominated political news Wednesday and
Thursday after he shared the judge's remarks with reporters following a
40-minute meeting in his Senate office. Blumenthal sits on the Senate Judiciary
Committee, which will hold a confirmation hearing on Gorsuch.

On MSNBC's "Morning Joe" Thursday, Blumenthal said Gorsuch told him "you should
feel free to mention what I said about these attacks being disheartening and
demoralizing." Ron Bonjean, a spokesman for the judge, confirmed Gorsuch "used
the words disheartening and demoralizing."

The questions about Blumenthal's service in Vietnam Trump raised date to an
issue that surfaced during his 2010 campaign against Linda McMahon. Blumenthal
held a press conference during which he said he had "misspoken" about his
military service. While he had said multiple times he served "in" the Vietnam
War, he meant to say he served "during" the Vietnam War. Blumenthal spent six
years stateside in the Marine Corps Reserves.

"What you should do is ask Sen. Blumenthal about his Vietnam record that didn't
exist after years of saying it did," Trump told reporters before a luncheon with
senators in the afternoon. "Ask Sen. Blumenthal about his Vietnam record. He
misrepresented that just like he misrepresented Judge Gorsuch."

Trump previously revived the Vietnam controversy during a campaign rally in
Fairfield in August, saying Blumenthal "went around for years saying he was a
great Vietnam fighter. Telling false tales, telling everything." Asked to
respond to Trump's attacks, Blumenthal demurred.

"This issue is way bigger than me, even than Judge Gorsuch's nomination," he
said. "It's really about the independence and the integrity of our judicial
system and our constitutional democracy."

Sen. Chris Murphy, Blumenthal's Democratic colleague from Connecticut, said
bringing up the Vietnam issue was "textbook Trump."

"There's a really bad damaging story about him and he distracts everybody by
bullying and name-calling," he said. "This is literally what Donald Trump does
every single day and everybody keeps on falling for it."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              910 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 15, 1989, Friday, City Edition

Officer poses as Herald photographer

BYLINE: JOSHUA L. WEINSTEIN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 265 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



GAINESVILLE - As about a dozen protesters picketed the Florida    Museum of
Natural History on Wednesday, a man inside snapped their    pictures. He was, he
told a reporter, a photographer for the Miami    Herald.

     Actually, he was a police officer with the University Police    Department.


     Officer Eric Moore was assigned to take pictures of protesters    because
of threats that a controversial exhibit might be damaged,    campus police Chief
Everett Stevens said Thursday. Police are guarding    the museum because a group
of American Indians is protesting an exhibit    inside as racist.

     Stevens said it is against policy for officers to misrepresent
themselves.

     "When we operate as police officers, we identify ourselves as    police
officers when citizens ask us," Stevens said. "This is the    first I've heard
of it."

     Pete Weitzel, managing editor of the Herald, said Thursday that    Moore's
action was inappropriate. "It is clearly an improper action on    the part of
the police officer. I hope that he's properly    reprimanded."

     Moore was in plain clothes Wednesday when he told a reporter who    asked
that he had just arrived in Gainesville from an assignment in    Jacksonville.

     Police spokeswoman Angie Tipton said Moore told her he "was trying    to
keep a low profile, not to call attention to himself."

     On Thursday, Moore and six other officers continued to guard the    museum,
but Moore was wearing a badge.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company

                              911 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

EPA concerns 'misrepresent' pipeline plan: TransCanada

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Postmedia News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 662  words

DATELINE: OMAHA, NEB.


Executives with Calgary-based TransCanada Corp. accused the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency on Wednesday of misrepresenting facts about its proposed
Keystone XL pipeline and "overstepping" by seeking more information from Canada
about plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the oilsands.

Responding to an EPA statement last week expressing "significant" new fears
about the safety of the planned 2,700-kilometre pipeline, TransCanada
vice-president Robert Jones said the "criticisms haven't identified any
additional issues" that could affect the environment.

"What we are trying to do is clear up the misrepresentations," Jones told
reporters in a conference call.

"When there is misrepresentation, whether it is in the EPA letter or a press
release done by (environmental groups) . when they make false statements we are
just trying to clarify that and get the facts out."

The EPA sent a letter last week to State Department officials who are weighing
whether to grant TransCanada a presidential permit to build the $7-billion
Keystone XL pipeline, which would move up to 900,000 barrels of oilsands crude a
day from northern Alberta to refineries along the Gulf Coast of Texas.

Cynthia Giles, the EPA's assistant administrator for the Office of Enforcement
and Compliance Assurance, said a supplemental environmental impact statement on
the pipeline was flawed and required further work. The EPA said the State
Department had failed to fully consider alternate routes for the pipeline that
would move it away from sensitive ecosystems in the U.S. Great Plains.

The agency also asked the State Department to seek more "detailed descriptions"
of efforts by the Alberta government and Canadian oil producers to lower
greenhouse gas emissions from oilsands production.

Jones said it was beyond the EPA's mandate to demand information from outside
U.S. borders.

"If you look under the (National Environmental Policy Act) guidelines, which is
what the presidential permit is filed under, going across countries would be
overstepping."

Jones also said there has been ample study of potential alternatives to the
proposed Keystone XL route, which would cross both the vast Ogallala Aquifer and
the ecologically sensitive Nebraska Sand Hills.

"The route we have selected is the most environmentally prudent route," he said.
"It impacts the least amount of landowners and the minimum amount of streams and
other environmentally sensitive areas."

TransCanada has had an uneasy relationship with the EPA since last June, when
the agency raised objections to an earlier State Department environmental impact
assessment of Keystone XL.

Vern Meier, TransCanada's vicepresident of U.S. pipeline operations, said the
EPA's most recent criticisms did not accurately describe safety measures aimed
at preventing major leaks along the pipeline. The EPA's letter said TransCanada
would be relying "solely on pressure drops and aerial surveys" to detect leaks
and should also require ground level inspections of shut-off valves.

"I do think there is an opportunity here to educate the EPA," Meier said. "The
reality is we visit our sites 52 times a year."

TransCanada has had 14 leaks from the existing 3,450-kilometre Keystone line in
its first year of operation. The U.S. Transportation Department issued a
temporary order this month preventing a restart of that pipeline after an
investigation into two spills in less than a month found serious concerns about
safety in pump stations along the line.

Meier said problems with pipe fittings have been corrected. Such leaks can be
expected in the "first one to two years" of operation, he said.

The State Department plans to hold six public meetings in the coming months to
hear concerns about Keystone XL in states along the pipeline's route. A final
decision is expected by the end of the year, although Republicans on a U.S.
House Energy and Commerce subcommittee voted Wednesday to advance a bill that
would require a final decision by Nov. 1.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              912 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    August 1, 2002 Thursday National Edition

Executives under pressure to fudge books: poll: Strain increases in tough times

SOURCE: Financial Post

BYLINE: John Greenwood

SECTION: Financial Post: News; Pg. FP3

LENGTH: 404 words

Nearly one out of six chief financial officers has felt pressured to
misrepresent results from other executives, an informal survey released today by
CFO Magazine says.

The survey, in the magazine's August issue, found that 5% of those surveyed had
violated generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the past five years
and 9% admitted to aggressive accounting practices.

"The conclusion we can draw from this is that companies have been under
tremendous pressure to make their numbers work," said Julia Homer,
editor-in-chief of the magazine.

The Boston-based publication, part of the Economist Group, sent questionnaires
to 3,000 financial executives. It received 180 responses -- and culled that down
to 141 senior financial officers of publicly traded companies with more than
US$1-billion in revenues.

The response rate was low because of the sensitivity of the questions, Ms. Homer
said.

The survey comes in the wake of a spate of some of the biggest corporate frauds
in history, such as Enron Corp. and WorldCom Inc., which have damaged investor
confidence and prompted calls for stiffer penalties to those found guilty.

At the end of a boom economy senior executives typically come under the most
pressure to come up with good results, Ms. Homer said.

Given the sensitivity of the questions on the survey and the reluctance of most
people to own up, it is likely there is considerably more financial wrong-doing
than the survey suggests.

"It wouldn't surprise me if the real numbers were quite a bit higher," added Ms.
Homer, who said she was not surprised by the results.

More than 90% of the violations to GAAP admitted by the respondents involved
reserves and revenue recognition.

Though 73% said all debt or other liabilities is reflected on the company
balance sheet, 20% said as much as one quarter of it is not.

On the other hand, 60% of respondents said they have disclosed more information
to investors in the past three months.

Observers often put part of the blame for the recent financial scandals on the
short-term horizons of the stock market, which they argue places undue
importance on quarterly results.

The magazine quotes one senior executive who argues it will take action from
both regulators and companies to improve the situation. However according to the
survey, financial executives are resisting the changes necessary to put a stop
to investor suspicion.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved

                              913 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 2172 words

ABSTRACT

Letters 10/23 Times-Herald

FULL TEXT

Check for yourself

Letter writer Jeffrey Kern (Oct. 14, "Jumpstart unclothed") sure tried to tie 15
years of Vallejo's woes into one rambling email blaming it all on 3-year-old
Jumpstart. He claims that Jumpstart is "apparently" funded by out-of-town
interests. Well this can easily be checked out. Unlike those who supported
United Democratic Club president Rick Grant's attack ads in 2013 that led to a
$11,500 fine for not disclosing donors. The guardians of transparency caught
lurking in the shadows to spread untruths!

What I do know is that firefighters, local business owners, our labor council
and local community leaders have all come together to help elect people that
they are confident have the skills and abilities to attract Investment in our
community. They will also bring back civility in the processes put in place to
vet those  seeking to do business with us. Too much staff time is wasted dealing
with theatrics and attacks in and outside our council chambers and we need
serious people who do not pander to the squeaky wheel from the dais and podium.

He then goes on to smear three elected officials and misrepresent a working
group made up of federal, local and state representatives, along with local
business owners and several government agencies to bring much-needed dredging
back to our straits. Their attempt was to make it look like there was a Brown
Act violation only to have Vallejo's attorney rule there was no violation. Yet
another example of the council chambers clown show where baseless claims are
made but sadly some council members pander to the audience for political gain.
Oh yeah, and while Vallejo was bickering and throwing insults at good people,
Napa managed to get federal assistance with dredging the Napa River, but only
north of Vallejo and not where we need it most.

So don't buy the naysayer lies, check it out for yourself. Go to the Jumpstart
web page www.jumpstartvallejo2016 or visit jumpstartvallejo on Facebook to get
the facts. I hope you will join me in supporting Landis Graden for mayor,
Rozzana Verder-Aliga, Latressa Wilson Alford and Herme Sunga for city council
and Mike Ioakimedes for Solano County Supervisor! And more importantly, show up
to vote.

Lisa Logoteta/Vallejo


Why target officers?

I just read with trepidation and concern the attempted murder attempt on two
Vallejo police officers. This is a horrific happening, and I cannot remember any
instance in Vallejo history when two police officers who were doing nothing at
all, and not even pursuing a suspect, were targeted for no other reason than
they were police officers.

Now why is this happening? As a community, the police are paid by us to preserve
law and order, so we deserve some answers. Why would a convicted felon target
two police officers? Does this have anything to do with recent events in our
nation?  I cannot say for certain why this happened, but there is a likelihood
that it is connected to recent events in our nation.

We just had Gavin Long in Baton Rouge kill police officers, and we just had
Micah Johnson in Dallas kill police officers. We have been hearing quite a bit
of incendiary rhetoric on the Internet and through the Black Lives Matter
movement recently about how cops need to be killed. We are constantly told by
the media about how innocent people are gunned down by police officers.
Injustice does happen in law enforcement, and the justice department has
processes to deal with it. One way you don't deal with injustice is by putting
on body armor and breaking out assault rifles and opening up on law enforcement.

Black Lives Matter has no connection or comparison with Martin Luther King's
movement. Whereas King's SCLC was a Christian movement, and denounced immorality
in humans first and then in the community, Black Lives matter extols immorality
in self, and can't see clearly what to do about injustice in the community.

We are the victims of a huge media campaign that pushes a narrative that all
cops are racist, and which blows up any shooting involving the shooting of a
black man by a white police officer, but will neatly hide the vastly higher
numbers of whites who are killed by police officers. We are supposed to believe
all police officers just have it in for minorities. The Washington Post reported
an African-American professor conducted a study that found police are more
likely to shoot whites than minorities, but we rarely hear that from the media.
To those who don't have the greatest critical thinking skills the emotional
appeal of constantly seeing seemingly innocent black victims being gunned down
on television is too much, and they conclude the police are just totally evil
and need to be attacked.

Racism is a problem that has existed in humanity since time immemorial. The
problem is many in our nation are taught that if you are not a certain race than
you cannot be racist. That is totally not true. Every human has racist
tendencies in them, and it's called pride. We all have a tendency to think that
our race is superior, and that we are innately special. But we aren't. The only
thing that makes us special is how we serve our fellow humans of all races.

- Ryan Messano/Vallejo


Orcem part of the solution

Editor's note: A complete version of this letter is at
www.timesheraldonline.com.

Regarding Rod Duncan's letter (Oct. 2, "Vision for Vallejo"), why would an
associate professor of urban planning from Melbourne, Australia, feel the need
to "include Vallejo and familiarize (himself) with the debate about the future
of the city's southern waterfront" in his "recent visit to the Bay Area?"

He mentions our strategic location between San Francisco and the "globally famed
Napa region" as if that makes us a destination point. It doesn't. If a traveler
is heading to Napa, they'll pass through Vallejo without a second glance. Six
Flags Discovery Kingdom, on the other hand, is a destination point.

Utilizing the acreage formerly used by General Mills (he called it Sperry Mills)
for anything except industry is wasting valuable existing infrastructure.
Proponents (who supposedly despise traffic) of the site to be used for
restaurants, hotels and gift shops seem to discount the traffic those businesses
will generate.

Mr. Duncan draws attention to the existing "Sperry Mills" as the face of the
maritime entry to Vallejo. I certainly hope not. It's an embarrassment of
dilapidated structures. Take a moment to look at the renderings of the proposed
VMT/Orcem facility. It's one of the more esthetically pleasing industrial
complexes you'll ever see. In any case, for my money, the true maritime entrance
to Vallejo is the California Maritime Academy with their beautiful training
ship, the Golden Bear anchored in the strait just west of the Al Zampa Bridge.

The opposition continues to tout the transitioning of Vallejo from its
industrial roots to an artists' community complete with tourism and cultural
events. My position is, and has always been, that we can have both.  Benicia
made it work beautifully, coexisting with their Valero Benicia Refinery. We're
well on our way to rebuilding Mare Island's maritime industries with the
addition of Mare Island Drydock, LLC. Electric car company Faraday Future has a
tentative agreement with Vallejo to open its second factory on 157 acres in the
northern portion of the island. Our growing list of events including The Pirate
Festival, The Flyway Festival, the Whaleboat Regatta, the Great Vallejo Race,
the opening day of the Yacht Club and the Mad Hatter Parade have all developed
successful followings. The Vallejo Naval and Historical Museum, the Empress
Theater, the McCune Rare Book and Art Collection, the Mare Island Museum, St.
Peter's Chapel and Mare Island itself, while not as prolific as Six Flags, do
quite well in the visitor department.

Mr. Duncan expresses a desire for Mare Island to compliment our "growing
economic sectors - with a mix of tourism and maritime industry." But really, it
already has. His excitement for "The return of the ospreys" inviting "a niche
market while repositioning perceptions of the city" was only slightly confusing.
Makes sense if the niche market is "bird watching," I suppose. Incidentally, the
San Francisco Bay Osprey Days is held in June along the Mare Island Shoreline
Heritage Preserve.

Having lived in Vallejo all my life, I take pride in our industrial roots. They
date back to 1854 when the U.S. Navy founded Mare Island Naval Shipyard and,
thanks to various businesses taking advantage of the existing infrastructure,
Mare Island's industrial roots continue to this day. Orcem wants to do the same
- take advantage of existing infrastructure while essentially swapping one
industry for another.

A second letter, "Orcem bad for Vallejo" (Oct. 7), from Tom Popp, took issue
with a few points from my, and others, previous letters. I don't know how he
arrived at "30 full-time jobs," but by 2021 there will be 189 full-time
positions with an average salary of $69,000 a year, or, to put it another way,
that's $13.15 million in annual spending by these employees. I'm also unclear on
how his "$500,000 a year" figure applies. The one that interests me the most is
the $22 million that will be contributed annually by the projects to our local
economy.

As for Baykeepers being against the project, that report was issued in May of
this year and was in response to petroleum coke and coal exiting through the
terminal. This exercise was explicitly banned by VMT/Orcem early on in the
proceedings and was re-stated with their recent dropping of the project's Phase
2. Baykeepers also erroneously suggested that the slag used is toxic. There is
no truth to this claim. Orcem uses blast furnace slag from the production of
iron, which is not toxic. The Sierra Club's initial concern was with pet coke
and coal - again, not an issue, and the installation of a barge wharf which,
they feared, would negatively impact the ecology of the Mare Island Strait. The
Phase 2 removal reduces the wharf bay fill by two-thirds, reducing any
ecological impact.

According to earthweek.com, "Atmospheric carbon dioxide remained above 400 parts
per million for the first time at a point during the year when it is usually at
its minimum." These annual readings are taken at Hawaii's Mauna Loa Observatory.
Beginning with the Industrial Revolution, greenhouse gas levels have continued
to rise due to the burning of fossil fuels by humans. A related study indicates
the Earth is at its hottest point in 115,000 years. Every greenhouse gas
reduction we are able to achieve will make a difference in our future quality of
life. Orcem's green cement is a big part of the solution.

- Michael J. Haworth/Vallejo

Diaz for council

When I met Mina Diaz years ago, it was one of those moments thinking: "Wow! This
person is a force of nature, a one-in-a-million powerhouse of drive,
determination and remarkably clear vision - who follows up with huge,
community-changing actions!"

Mina's been proving that ever since! While working full-time in Pleasant Hill in
the social services field (work that requires relatively deeper and more
all-around situational demands of one's heart and psyche), plus the wife and
mother roles, she still finds time to not only be on the Police Advisory board,
but has established and runs with her sister, an entire community center: "Diaz
& Loera Centro Latino." It includes multiple programs and services for our
somewhat invisible and underserved Latino population - though she is often quick
to add that anyone is welcome and assisted.

As if that weren't enough, or maybe due to all she's learned about the un-met
needs of this segment (and indeed all of Vallejo) - coupled with her rapidly
approaching retirement - she has decided to run for Vallejo City Council.

I'm guessing that due to all of this and her first time running, it's not the
flashiest, most high-tech campaign in town. But after going to I think five
local candidate forums, I'm tending to think she doesn't necessarily need a
high-powered campaign! She just needs to continue speaking her truth, and
amazing everyone in the room as probably one of the most thoughtful and
independent voices you'll ever hear - refusing to align with any of the local
groups.

In about 25 years of being politically active in Vallejo, I've met countless
minor heroes - extremely intelligent and amazingly active citizens. However a
few names come to mind of people who stand head and shoulders above the others.
People who change our fascinating town - and people's lives: Maria Guevara,
Frank Malifrando, and Fred Menard. More and more are seeing Ms. Diaz as one of
these historical local heroes. In fact, she was recently given the "United Way
of the Bay Area Achieve Award  for her efforts in fighting poverty!

I'm guessing that most people, upon experiencing her, will react as I do every
time I hear her talk - at forums or when she's out at so many events: OMG - this
woman has got to be on the Vallejo City Council!"

- Barbara Gaea/Vallejo

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              914 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Koster denies impropriety, NY Times and Speaker say otherwise

BYLINE: Allyssa D. Dudley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 149  words


An article published in The New York Times "misrepresents the facts,"
surrounding Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster's handling of cases involving
consumer fraud, according to a news release from Koster.

The article alleged that Koster was successfully lobbied in lawsuits against
5-Hour Energy, Pfizer, and AT&T by the D.C.-based firm of Dickstein Shapiro
through lavish trips and campaign contributions.

"Contrary to the inferences contained in today's New York Times article, this
office reviews each case on its merits," said the Oct. 29 release.

Speaker of the House Tim Jones said in his own release that he is "deeply
disturbed by the multiple examples of apparent pay-to-play" the article alleges.
He also stated that he is looking at legislative options to investigate the
article's claims and hold Koster "accountable for his actions. "

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved

                              915 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             April 3, 2012 Tuesday

No need for new law

BYLINE: Dale Gieringer

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 185 words


Self-styled "battler against evil" Paul Chabot seriously misrepresents Norma
Torres' ill-conceived "drugged driving" bill (March 26). The bill does not
address impaired driving due to narcotics or prescription drugs at all, but
rather just past usage of marijuana.

The bill indefensibly treats sober drivers as driving under the influence if
they have any residual traces of marijuana in their system.

Because non-active metabolites of marijuana are detected days and weeks after
any impairing effects have passed, this is like charging drivers with DUI if
they have empty beer or wine bottles in last week's trash.

California has no need for new DUI laws. The state's highway fatality and DUI
arrest rates are both in decline. Studies have consistently found that marijuana
is not a major accident hazard like alcohol. The Institute for the Study of
Labor has reported that states with medical marijuana laws actually have better
highway safety records, apparently because marijuana substitutes for alcohol.

Mr. Chabot needs to look for different evils to fight.

DALE GIERINGER
Director, California NORML
San Francisco

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              916 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             April 3, 2012 Tuesday

No need for new law

BYLINE: Dale Gieringer

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 185 words


Self-styled "battler against evil" Paul Chabot seriously misrepresents Norma
Torres' ill-conceived "drugged driving" bill (March 26). The bill does not
address impaired driving due to narcotics or prescription drugs at all, but
rather just past usage of marijuana.

The bill indefensibly treats sober drivers as driving under the influence if
they have any residual traces of marijuana in their system.

Because non-active metabolites of marijuana are detected days and weeks after
any impairing effects have passed, this is like charging drivers with DUI if
they have empty beer or wine bottles in last week's trash.

California has no need for new DUI laws. The state's highway fatality and DUI
arrest rates are both in decline. Studies have consistently found that marijuana
is not a major accident hazard like alcohol. The Institute for the Study of
Labor has reported that states with medical marijuana laws actually have better
highway safety records, apparently because marijuana substitutes for alcohol.

Mr. Chabot needs to look for different evils to fight.

DALE GIERINGER
Director, California NORML
San Francisco

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              917 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Yes on Prop A Transit o The truth shows that the Metro sales tax increase would
strengthen our region.

BYLINE: By John Nations John Nations is the mayor of Chesterfield and chairman
of the Advance St. Louis committee, which supports Proposition A.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 789 words

DATELINE: 0


The most important issue facing the St. Louis region today goes to voters in St.
Louis County on April 6. Proposition A is a half-cent sales tax to restore
public transit services cut in 2009, improve transit services throughout the
county and, when financially feasible, plan for the next light-rail line.

Prop A is based on a simple truth: Public transit benefits everyone in the
region and is indispensable to our economic well being. In fact, you rely on
public transportation - whether it allows you or someone you depend on to get to
jobs, school, medical care or other essential destinations; whether it allows
workers at vital institutions to get to work; or whether you want to see the St.
Louis region prosper again and compete for economic development and quality
jobs.

But Prop A is being attacked by opponents who misrepresent the issue and
misquote supporters. It is time to cut through the political rhetoric and
provide you with the plain and simple facts you need to know as you go to the
polls on April 6.

Opponents will tell you that this sales tax is only to expand MetroLink light
rail.

The truth is that Metro's plan proposes expanded bus service and expanded Metro
Call-A-Ride service for the elderly and disabled; new transit services like Bus
Rapid Transit and, when economically feasible, expanding MetroLink light rail.

Opponents: Metro has no plan for the future of transit.

The truth: Metro has a detailed plan for transit needs over the next 30 years
with more bus service, Call-A-Ride, BRT and light rail. The plan incorporates
citizens' suggestions collected in more than 50 regional meetings. The regional
planning agency, East-West Gateway Council of Governments, adopted the plan
unanimously.

Opponents: Metro is poorly managed or mismanaged.

The truth: Metro is operated by a new management team that has drawn praise here
and across the country. More than 20 independent reviews and audits over the
last two years confirm Metro's prudent financial management. Metro's transit
system is winning awards and is recognized as one of the top agencies in the
country.

Opponents: Metro refuses to say where and when MetroLink or other new routes
will be built and how much they will cost.

The truth: Metro has provided the region with feasible alternatives, but it does
not determine where future light-rail lines would be located. That is the job of
East-West Gateway, which controls the funding for such projects. If Prop A
passes, decisions on future light-rail lines will be made with citizen
participation and through our elected officials at East-West Gateway. Routes and
costs would have to be extensively researched. The process is controlled by
federal regulations and would not be conducted without federal matching funds to
reduce the local cost.

Opponents: Metro gets huge subsidies from local taxpayers and state and federal
agencies, but keeps seeking tax increases every year.

The truth: Metro has no taxing authority and relies on the jurisdictions it
serves for support. In Metro's 60 years, there have only been two small sales
taxes approved in the County to support public transit. The federal government
eliminated funds for transit operations in 1999, funding that never was
replaced. The state of Missouri contributes only about 1 percent of Metro's
operating costs, while the national average from states is about 23 percent.
Except for fares, which Metro has increased as much as 200 percent over 10
years, all other funding sources have been flat or declining in recent years.

Opponents: No one really rides Metro.

The truth: Metro has average daily boardings of about 168,000. Almost 700,000
times a year, someone uses Call-A-Ride service for the elderly and disabled.
Total boardings in FY2009 - even after the service reductions of March 2009 -
were almost 53 million. The truth is that thousands of jobs and thousands of
people depend on Metro.

Opponents: No one can afford this tax increase.

The truth: No one wants new taxes, but it is estimated that the average county
resident would pay about $1.40 a week under Prop A.

Opponents: People who use transit should pay for it through higher fares.

The truth: Every public transit system in the country requires public support,
just like public highways, public schools, libraries and police and fire
protection. Metro operates with lower per-passenger public subsidies and lower
per-passenger costs than most of its peers.

There is a long list of misrepresentations about Proposition A and Metro. The
truth is that everyone in the region benefits from a first-class public transit
system. The truth is that St. Louis needs it to be competitive for new
businesses and new jobs. The truth is that everyone will benefit from a "YES"
vote on Prop A.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              918 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 3, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Talking the Talk

SECTION: Section F; Column 3; Science Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 164 words


To the Editor:

The essay "Fading Species and Dying Tongues" misrepresents the current language
revitalization movement.

In particular, I must disagree with his claim that linguists and old people are
trying to pressure young people to learn the language ("language bullies who try
to shame a child into learning his grandfather's language").

The movement toward revitalization of endangered languages is a
community-generated process, not a linguist-generated process. Furthermore, it
is the younger generations who are in the leadership roles.

The loss of indigenous languages is a human rights issue, not a linguist's
bean-counting problem, and the drive of native peoples to keep their languages
alive is a matter of trying to keep their very identity alive in the face of
global forces that have wrested away their land and traditional means of
survival.

DR. LEANNE HINTON
University of California at Berkeley

The writer is president-elect of the Society for Linguistic Anthropology.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company

                              919 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 8, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Letters: Wooten's observations aside, AmeriCorps is worthwhile

BYLINE: MICHELLE NUNN, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 264 words

Contrary to Jim Wooten's assertion that AmeriCorps is the crown jewel of the
Clinton era, the act that brought AmeriCorps into existence is a showcase of
bipartisan efforts ("Bag the AmeriCorps program; volunteers can join the
service," Oct. 1). With its inception under the Bush administration and adoption
by the Clinton administration, AmeriCorps effectively incorporates the ideals of
conservatives and liberals.

Furthermore, Wooten's broad conclusions based on anecdotal evidence grossly
misrepresent the program. A study commissioned by the IBM Foundation and other
national foundations found that every federal dollar invested in AmeriCorps
results in $ 1.60 to $ 2.60 or more in direct, measurable benefits to the
communities served. The benefits include: directly assisting millions of people
including children, seniors and victims of natural disasters; helping nonprofit
organizations do more for communities; getting citizens involved in solving
local problems; and motivating people to take active roles in their communities.

Lastly, it is important that we not limit our definition of national service to
the military. All men and women in service to our country, whether in the
military or AmeriCorps, are working to secure the greater good of our nation.
They should not be pitted against one another.

AmericaCorps is a model program that has directly engaged 100,000 persons in
results-driven service. It is time to stop holding the program hostage to
partisan and unfounded accusations.
MICHELLE NUNN
Nunn is executive director of Hands On Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                              920 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                January 5, 1998

Florida AG's Report On Pru Is Released

BYLINE: BY JOE NIEDZIELSKI

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 842 words


A report by the Florida Attorney General's office after a nearly two-year probe
of Prudential concluded that the company had violated various state civil
racketeering statutes. No charges were pressed, however, and the company reached
a settlement with the state for $ 15 million.

The report was made public along with a flood of other documents on Dec. 19
after the Florida Supreme Court refused a Prudential motion earlier in the month
to stay a previous appellate court order blocking their release.

For its part, Prudential contends that no charges were ever brought against the
company and that it has addressed the issues raised in the documents, including
an investigative summary prepared by a member of the Florida Attorney General's
office which concluded the company itself was the source of fraudulent sales
practices.

"What this investigation has uncovered is that the company is the core of this
fraud. Prudential has trained its agents to mislead, misrepresent and defraud
policyholders in Florida for years," the conclusion of an Aug. 5, 1996
investigative summary report states.

But Prudential, which reached a $ 15 million settlement with Florida in
February, and has settled its past sales practice problems with every other
state, maintains that Florida and other states had the documents and knew the
contents of the material released prior to settling with Prudential.

"Quite frankly, we are bewildered as to why these issues are being raised again
after the settlement was reached," said Robert DeFillippo, a Prudential
spokesman.

He emphasized that Florida's inquiry did not result in any charges being brought
against the company by the attorney general and the charges in the report have
never been tested in court. "Likewise Prudential has never been given an
opportunity to defend itself against these charges in a court," he added.

The documents also contain testimony from a former Prudential attorney in the
Jacksonville regional office, that Prudential CEO Arthur Ryan approved a
reported $ 1.45 million payment to James Helfrich, a former Prudential attorney
and consumer affairs and marketing practices director.

The payment was allegedly made because Mr. Helfrich was threatening litigation
against the company, according to the former Pru attorney's testimony. Mr.
Helfrich had authored a 1992 memo on financed insurance sales practices, or
churning, which suggested an "action plan" to confront prior sales activity.

The former attorney, John Massaro, told Florida regulators during sworn
testimony last February that Prudential's deputy chief legal officer, Deborah
Bello-Monaco, told him during a June 25, 1996 conversation that the settlement
with Mr. Helfrich was a business decision "that had to be made to avoid having
the life company's top three lawyers from being smeared; that it was too
embarrassing and particularly bad timing with respect to the multistate.

"And she said, 'We paid him off; he held us hostage,'" Mr. Massaro said in his
testimony.

(The three lawyers identified earlier in Mr. Massaro's testimony are Ms.
Bello-Monaco, James Gillen, Prudential's former chief counsel who has since
retired, and Reid Ashinoff, an attorney with Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal, the
firm that represents Prudential.)

Mr. Massaro said he questioned Ms. Bello-Monaco about "where she may come down
on this in her own mind." She responded that the threat of a lawsuit placed her
in a conflict of interest situation and that she had followed the advice of
Sonnenschein.

"She said that Reid [Ashinoff] had recommended the settlement to CFO Mark Greer
and then she did say, I have it noted here, 'with the approval of Art Ryan,'"
according to Mr. Massaro's testimony.

Mr. DeFillippo categorically denied that Prudential has ever tried to prevent
anyone from testifying or giving information out about the company.
"Specifically, I categorically deny that the chairman has ever had such a
conversation," he said, regarding the allegations that Mr. Ryan approved the
payment to Mr. Helfrich.

Separately, plaintiffs' attorneys are expected to begin discovery this week into
the extent of the loss of Prudential documents that occurred in a ware house
fire in West Pittston, Pa. on May 5. The attorneys, liaison counsel for
policyholders seeking their own actions against Prudential, and attorneys for
Prudential established guidelines for the discovery after a Dec. 19 hearing
before Judge Alfred Wolin of the U.S. District Court of New Jersey.

During the hearing, Judge Wolin rebuked Prudential lawyers for failing to
officially notify him of the incident. Prudential contends that Sabrina Silver,
Judge Wolin's law clerk, was notified of the incident the day of the fire by
telephone.

But, in a statement read into the record, Judge Wolin characterized the call as
a "cursory notice and summary at best," chiding Prudential lawyers for failing
to bring his attention to the incident, particularly since Prudential had
actions before the court on May 5 and May 6, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 The National Underwriter Company

                              921 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                OCTOBER 30, 1997 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

WORK TOGETHER, PARENT TOGETHER

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 1191 words


JOANNE Jacobs' column (Opinion, Oct. 20) not only misrepresents the point of my
book, "When Mothers Work; Loving Our Children Without Sacrificing Our Selves,"
but also the Brenda Barnes case.

I argue that women often feel forced to choose between "devoted mother" or "cold
careerist" roles, overworking, as Barnes did, then quitting altogether, instead
of finding work that works for family.

Although Barnes' husband gave family as the reason for his resignation, he had
recently been denied an expected promotion; and he announced no plans to become
a full-time parent.

Barnes and her husband did not face the same work-family conflict or guilt.

Work is rarely a matter of "following one's bliss," a phrase I never use. For
mothers, work means a secure financial future for themselves and their children.
Eight million American women are single mothers; the employed half earning on
average $18,500 while the unemployed earns $6,500.

With a 50 percent divorce rate and a widening income gap between men and women,
mothers cannot afford to stop working, nor would they have to if they and their
husbands both cut back hours, reduced expenses and parented together.

-- Joan K. Peters
New Milford, CT
RESPECT OUR CHOICES
THREE cheers for Joanne Jacobs' response to the narrow views of Joan Peters.

It's nice that Peters has discovered a comfortable balance between career and
motherhood. But we resent her assumption that what works for her is the only
"right way" to be a good mother.

We are writing as three neighbors who illustrate this point with our choices as
mothers, We have six children between us, ranging in age from 2 to 10. One of us
has a full-time job, one part-time, and one has worked as a full-time mother for
many years. Each of these scenarios has its trade-offs, but we are all happy
with our decisions -- and fully respect each other's choices.

It's unfortunate that Peters doesn't share this respect. Each woman's approach
to the demands of motherhood is unique, and it is hardly helpful to have
self-proclaimed experts telling us our choices are wrong. Modern motherhood is
challenging enough as it is.

-- Kristin Schafer, Ruth Burson
and Susan Seim
San Jose
LUNGREN AND MARIJUANA
I read with alarm "Marijuana raids net record number of plants, Lungren reports"
(Page 3B, Oct. 15). Talk about mixed messages!

Virtually every press release Attorney General Dan Lungren has disseminated to
the media -- when it became obvious he was making a political bid for governor
-- has been carefully orchestrated to give the appearance that he has now turned
the corner and is in favor of medical marijuana.

Understanding that almost 60 percent of Californians voted for Proposition 215
hasn't been lost on the governor-wannabe. His backing of medical marijuana
research (Senate Bill 535, John Vasconcellos, D-Santa, Clara) was a safe
political stance to take.

That's a long way from having compassion for the very people who need medical
marijuana now and would not have access if it weren't for medical cannabis
centers that Lungren is clearly against.

By positing that "someone suffering from AIDS with a doctor's note did not have
his two plants ripped out of his home during an operation," Lungren not only
trivializes the issue, but suggests that two plants is the standard limit to
what a patient would normally be allowed to grow for his or her medical needs.
The truth is there are no figures that I am aware of that quantify how many
plants are sufficient to yield enough marijuana for medical use for a given
patient.

The public is looking to the medical community to perform controlled scientific
trials to further determine marijuana's medical value. It is critical that
science -- not political rhetoric or grandstanding -- be the sole determinant of
this important public health issue.

America's seriously ill must no longer be caught in the political cross fire
over medical marijuana.

-- Dr. Dennis F. Augustine
Medical Director, The Santa Clara
County Medical Cannabis Center
LERNING INGLISH
NONE of us are going to live long enough to see the end of the debates on
bilingualism and official national languages. But each one of us can do our bit
to make them unnecessary.

We use language to share information. English has spread for many reasons but
not because it is the best of all possible languages. We were lucky if we
learned it from birth. What can we do to make it easier for those who weren't so
fortunate to be able to communicate with as many advantaged people as we can?

What we can do, and each of us can be partners in the process, is keep chipping
away at making English easier for anyone to learn whether they are newborn or
middle-aged. It may take some time to notice the difference but it has already
been going on for some time.

Every time one of us mixes a few non-English words or expressions into our
speech and writing, or spells words the way they sound -- fonetikly, that is --
we help the cause. Before we know it, our language, whatever we may call it,
will evolve into a universal language. Peaceniks, publishers, international
business, immigrants, kids, we'll all benefit in the long run.

If a bunch of us make some conshus effort to evolve our language, we just myt
see sum real progress befor the grim reeper slams the lids of our coffins. In
the mean tiem, don't allow aneewon to intimidate you. What works is what's rite.
Signifikant change dozn't happen without someone trying to capitalize on either
leading the reform or leading the resistance. A little heat may even help things
move along.

Anyway, any interveening confusion is likely to be more fun than this endless,
boring debate.

-- Larry Wolf, Jr.
San Jose
FALSE IMPRESSION
RECENTLY the San Jose Mercury News printed a front page article entitled "Asian
Pride: Clique or Gang?" (Page 1A, Sept. 18).

We found this story to be misleading. It unfairly cast a shadow on the mentioned
west valley schools and communities which, by all fair accounts, are high
quality schools with safe environments in safe, friendly cities.

The article was particularly unfair to Asian citizens. Responsible community and
school leaders have been working productively to help community members adjust
to changing demographics and related cultural changes.

These efforts are showing success. Any youth violence concerns are receiving
attention by responsible adults, including law enforcement.

By printing an article on the front page which paints a picture of violent acts
with most of the article focusing on Asian youth (in reality, these were the
activities of a handful of Asian and Caucasian youth), the Mercury News has left
a false impression that our Asian community is somehow responsible.

Hopefully, the article has not set back community efforts to help citizens meet
and understand one another.

-- Joe Hamilton, Superintendent
Fremont Union High School District
-- Michael S. Chang, Vice Mayor
City of Cupertino
-- John Statton, Executive Director
Cupertino Chamber of Commerce
-- Dawn Chu, President
Asian American Parents Association

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Letters, E-mail & Faxes

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              922 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 21, 1994, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

GEPHARDT ADS FALSE, GILL INSISTS; GOP CANDIDATE SAYS THEY MISREPRESENT HIS
SOCIAL SECURITY POSITION

BYLINE: Tim O'Neil Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 13D

LENGTH: 285 words


GARY GILL, THE Republican challenger to Rep. Richard A. Gephardt, says Gephardt
is "making old ladies cry." The Gephardt campaign says it is only trying to work
through the GOP arithmetic.

The fuss is over Social Security, or what Gephardt claims Gill and the
Republicans would do to it. On Tuesday, Gephardt, D-south St. Louis County,
began running television ads linking Gill with a "$ 158 a month cut in Social
Security" for each recipient.

The ad cites the Republican Party's "Contract with America," a list of promises
that Gill and 349 other Republican candidates signed in Washington on Sept. 27.
Dan Sallick, Gephardt's spokesman, said Thursday that the Gephardt campaign
applied some Democratic mathematical assumptions to make its charge.

Gill called that "the most shameful kind of tactic" - and bad math to boot.

"Gephardt is making old ladies cry by telling them lies about my position," Gill
said.t

Said Sallick, "We take the Republican contract very seriously. It deserves
detailed scrutiny."   The contract calls for balancing the federal budget by
2002. Sallick said the House Budget Committee calculated that such a promise
would require cuts of 20 percent in all non-defense federal spendingS.

That, he said, would mean about $ 2.1 billion less in Social Security benefits
to Missourians. Assuming 1.1 million Missourians are eligibile for Social
Security in 2002, Sallick said, the "cut" would cost each $ 158 a month.

Gill disagreed. "They say it'll cost money, we say it'll save money," he said.

He said the government should tighten rules on Social Security disability
supplements to make drug-and-alcohol abusers ineligible. But he opposes cuts to
the elderly.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic Logo - Election '94

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              923 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 12, 2012 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Santorum: Romney distorts record

BYLINE: Felicia Sonmez

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 346 words


Ahead of potentially decisive Republican primaries in Alabama and Mississippi on
Tuesday, former senator Rick Santorum stepped up his criticism Sunday of former
Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, arguing that his rival has not told the
truth about his record on health care.

In an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press," Santorum told host David Gregory that
Romney has sought to mislead voters about what his position on health-care
reform was when he was governor of Massachusetts.

"Governor Romney in the state of Massachusetts mandated every person in
Massachusetts had to buy health care," Santorum said. "He doesn't tell the truth
about that, either. He said, 'Oh, it's only the 8 percent that didn't have
insurance.' That is simply not true."

Santorum charged that on both health care and on climate change, Romney
"continues to go out there and tries to misrepresent what he did in
Massachusetts because it's not popular."

"He was for climate change," Santorum said. "Man-made global warming. He put
caps on CO2. And now that it's not popular, now that the climate changed, guess
who changed along with it? Governor Romney."

A Romney spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment on the interview.
Romney has repeatedly defended his health-care record by arguing that he
supported reform in Massachusetts but does not back it at the federal level.

Santorum's ramped-up offensive against Romney comes as some of the former
senator from Pennsylvania's supporters are urging former House speaker Newt
Gingrich (Ga.) to drop out of the contest and allow Santorum to run a one-on-one
nomination race against Romney.

Santorum on Sunday again declined to call on Gingrich to step aside.

"Well, you know, that's not my job," he told Gregory when asked whether he would
urge Gingrich to leave. "I'm not going to tell people to get in and out of this
race. I didn't ask Speaker Gingrich to get in. I'm not going to ask him to get
out."

He said he hopes the contest will come down to two men "sooner rather than
later, but we'll wait and see what the speaker decides."

sonmezf@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              924 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 10, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Lives They Lived

SECTION: Section MM; Column 0; Magazine Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 555 words


When the Persian Gulf war started in 1990, I was working as a volunteer at a
refugee shelter in Brownsville, Tex. With only a small stipend for personal
expenses, I was unable to even think about going to an antiwar rally in
Washington, scheduled for January 1991. That's where Peg Mullen came in. News
traveled around the community that the woman about whom ''Friendly Fire'' was
written was chartering a bus for anyone who wanted to attend the rally. She
filled that bus, at no cost to me and others who wanted to raise their voices in
opposition. Before I read Sara Corbett's essay, I had all but forgotten that
moment and would not have been able to recall Mullen's name. The endless bus
trip, the solidarity, the cold and the crowd all come back to me now. It was a
small act in a lifetime of actions. Thank you for reminding me of this grieving
woman who, bolstered by anger and anguish, did more than her part to bring peace
in our time. Holland, Mich.

LYN RAYMOND Holland, Mich.

As Matt Bai writes, Joe Duffey and Anne Wexler were major players in Jimmy
Carter's campaign in 1976, and it is true that they ended up with George
McGovern in 1972. But Anne Wexler didn't go straight from Gene McCarthy to
George McGovern. Those of us in the McGovern camp remember that Joe and Anne
supported Ed Muskie until the Muskie campaign was no longer viable. The McGovern
campaign of course welcomed their support and that of folks like Tony Podesta,
because we all belonged to the same family.

TOM HOWARTH Front Royal, Va.

Anthony Giardina misrepresents Karl Malden's nomination of Elia Kazan for an
honorary Oscar in 1999. Giardina states that my father, Karl Malden, ''used his
influence as president of the motion-picture academy to vote in an honorary
Oscar for Kazan.'' At that time, he was a member of the board of directors, and
it was in that capacity that he nominated Kazan. The board voted unanimously to
bestow the honorary Oscar. There was no influence peddling. It is worth
mentioning that Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro chose to present the award to
Kazan.

These facts may not serve the political agenda that underlies Giardina's
article, but this happens to be the truth. Giardina's bias misses the point of
the quote from my father's autobiography as well. As the quote's context in the
book makes clear, ''I just cannot care about abstractions with the passion I
have for friendships and work'' does speak to my father's basically apolitical
nature; however, it speaks more pointedly to his abiding sense of loyalty and to
a work ethic that awed everyone who ever worked with him.

As for the way my father will be remembered: if Giardina chooses to fixate on an
image of him applauding his lifelong friend while a segment of the audience
(those focused on by the television cameras) chose not to, that is his
prerogative. The last image others might have will be of my father accepting his
own Life Achievement Award from the Screen Actors Guild in 2004. But most will
remember him as Mitch in ''A Streetcar Named Desire,'' as Herbie in ''Gypsy,''
as Mike Stone in ''The Streets of San Francisco.'' Even those who best recall
him as the face of American Express travelers' checks will remember him as a
face you could trust. And, unlike Giardina, they'll have that right. Los Angeles

CARLA MALDEN Los Angeles

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (PHOTO ILLUSTRATION AND TYPEFACE DESIGN BY NANCY HARRIS ROUEMY
AND PATRICK GRIFFIN/CANADA TYPE) GRAPHIC: MOST POPULAR LETTERS TOPIC: ''THE
RIGHT HAND OF THE FATHERS,'' BY DAVID D. KIRKPATRICK

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company

                              925 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 18, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

Counsel Bill Disputed

SECTION: METRO; Pg. H04; CRIME AND JUSTICE

LENGTH: 268 words


Saying he believes he was duped by a District lawyer into signing off on a $
10,000 bill, a federal judge asked the court's grievance committee yesterday to
launch an investigation that could lead to disciplinary action.

U.S. District Judge Thomas F. Hogan asked the six-member committee to
investigate Barbara J. Mann, an assistant corporation counsel representing the
city in a case involving the District-owned D.C. Village nursing home.

Hogan said there had been at least six instances in which he believes Mann
"misrepresented" city compliance with an agreement it made in July to provide
adequate care at the nursing home as it is gradually closed.

"I have been bending over backward because of the District's financial
difficulties . . . trying to tell myself that the corporation counsel was really
not misleading this court, that they really had bad information and that they
were doing the best they could," Hogan said. "But I consistently . . . get
another misrepresentation from corporation counsel, who either don't check the
facts to see that they're accurate or just simply misrepresent the facts."

The bill was from AssurQual, a Baltimore health care company the corporation
counsel's office hired to provide expert testimony. At first, Hogan was told
that the bill was for patient services. Then he was told that it was for expert
testimony and patient services.

Corporation Counsel Charles F.C. Ruff said: "The office takes responsibility for
what any of its folks do. We regret the judge's reaction to what we thought was
a good faith effort" in handling the case.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1996May 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              926 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 06, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

Regulatory Overhaul Put Off in House; 'Behind in the Debate on the Environment,'
GOP Postpones Action

John E. Yang, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 444 words


Mindful of their party's public image of being harsh on environmental issues,
House Republican leaders postponed action yesterday on a measure intended to
overhaul the federal regulatory system and ease the burden of red tape on small
businesses.

Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Carol M. Browner, environmental
groups and some moderate House Republicans had said the measure could restrict
the government's ability to protect the environment by giving businesses new
ways to challenge federal rules they do not like.

In addition, Senate Republicans began to voice concern about parts of the House
bill that would have suspended challenged federal regulations if agencies did
not carry out court-ordered reviews in a timely fashion.

Rather than ask House Republicans to vote for a provision that might be modified
in the Senate, House leaders decided to wait until the Senate acted, which could
come before the end of this week. House consideration of the bill was to have
begun yesterday afternoon.

"We're behind in the debate on the environment," House Majority Whip Tom DeLay
(R-Tex.) told a small group of reporters over lunch. "We don't want to put our
members out there taking a vote one more time that the environmental extremists
can twist, turn and misrepresent in campaign ads."

In addition, Rep. Sherwood L. Boehlert (R-N.Y.), a leading House GOP moderate,
had indicated he would seek to scale back the bill's requirement for a review of
all existing federal regulations. If that effort failed, he said, he would try
to delete the entire provision.

DeLay said Boehlert, Government Reform Committee Chairman William F. Clinger Jr.
(R-Pa.) and Rep. David McIntosh (R-Ind.), chairman of the Government Reform
subcommittee on regulatory affairs, would meet to work out a compromise.

"If we can work something out that makes sense, it's better to do that than go
have a fight on the floor," DeLay said.

House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) has taken an interest in trying to
rehabilitate the House Republicans' image on environmental issues, damaged last
year when they pressed legislation that would have restricted EPA's regulatory
powers.

Last week, Gingrich made a rare floor speech in favor of an amendment to spend $
120 million to provide environmental safeguards for the Florida Everglades. The
provision, offered by freshman Rep. Mark Foley (R-Fla.), was approved on a
299-to-124 vote.

On Monday, Gingrich was in New Jersey to recognize the combined private, state
and federal effort to preserve a 17,000-acre woodland known as the Sterling
Forest.

Staff writer Helen Dewar contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              927 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 1997 The University of Chicago
                            The Supreme Court Review

                                      1997

                             1997 Sup. Ct. Rev. 79

LENGTH: 27228 words

ARTICLE: CONGRESSIONAL POWER AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AFTER CITY OF BOERNE v FLORES

NAME: CHRISTOPHER L. EISGRUBER AND LAWRENCE G. SAGER



BIO: 0-226-36314-7/98/1997-0007$ 02.00
(c) 1998 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.

   Christopher L. Eisgruber is Professor of Law, New York University School of
Law. Lawrence G. Sager is Robert B. McKay Professor of Law, New York University
School of Law.

   AUTHORS' NOTE: For helpful comments on earlier drafts, the authors thank
Vicki Been, Abner Greene, Ira C. Lupu, Derek Parfit, and participants in the NYU
Constitutional Theory Colloquium and in a Constitutional Theory Workshop
organized by John Jeffries at the University of Virginia Law School. Stephanie
Pare, Megan Lewis, and Alex Reinert provided excellent research assistance, and
the Filomen D'Agostino and Max E. Greenberg Faculty Research Fund provided
generous financial support.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Their confrontation reflects the confused legacy of the 1963 decision in
Sherbert v Verner. ...  Here, the Flores distinction between rights and remedies
would clearly apply, as the congressional legislation would not support any
liberty recognized by the modern Court. ...  Three other unemployment insurance
cases followed Sherbert; in each, a non-mainstream religious believer who was
generally available for work but barred by his religious scruples from taking a
narrow range of jobs was held to be constitutionally entitled to receive
unemployment insurance. ...  In, the end, it does not matter whether financial
burden cases like Flores fall on the mandated exemption or prohibited subsidy
side of the line: RFRA's proponents still have to explain to us all how it is
that a strong favoritism and a strong antifavoritism principle can live side by
side in a coherent regime of constitutional liberty. ...  Flores, in this
respect, is consistent with the general thrust of the current Court's
revisionary jurisprudence of religious liberty. ... In fact, after Smith and
Flores, religious minorities and religious practice continue to receive the kind
of special judicial solicitude which the Carolene Products doctrine recommends.
...

TEXT:
 [*79]  I. INTRODUCTION

   For the last seven years, Congress and the Supreme Court have wrestled over
the meaning of the Free Exercise Clause. Their confrontation reflects the
confused legacy of the 1963 decision in Sherbert v Verner.  n1 In Sherbert, the
Court seemed to endorse the proposition that religiously motivated persons are
constitutionally exempt from otherwise valid laws unless the imposition of those
laws is necessary to secure "a compelling state interest."  n2 But Sherbert's
fierce invocation of the compelling state interest test was never reflected in
practice: in only four cases after Sherbert did the Supreme Court find that
religious believers were entitled to exemptions, and three of those were minor
variations on Sherbert  [*80]  itself -- they were cases in which states denied
unemployment insurance benefits after ruling that claimants who left jobs for
religious reasons lacked "good cause" for their resignation.  n3 Most attempts
to exempt religiously motivated persons from the obligation to comply with
otherwise valid laws failed, just as they had always failed before Sherbert.  n4

   The failure of Sherbert's bold rhetoric posed an interesting jurisprudential
puzzle, but the underlying question of religious exemptions remained a quiet and
somewhat obscure corner of constitutional law for more than a quarter century --
a decidedly unlikely venue for pitched conflict between the Court and Congress.
Then, in 1990, the Supreme Court decided Employment Division, Department of
Human Resources of Oregon v Smith.  n5 Smith involved a Native American
religious ritual which required participants to ingest peyote; practitioners of
the religion claimed that the Free Exercise Clause exempted them from Oregon's
prohibition of the consumption of peyote. The Court not only refused this claim
as it had more or less routinely refused the exemption claims of other
religiously motivated persons: it went on to formally renounce the Sherbert test
as the general rule in religious exemption cases. In the eyes of the Smith
Court, "the right of free exercise does not relieve an individual of the
obligation to comply with a 'valid and neutral law of general applicability on
the ground that the law proscribes (or prescribes) conduct that his religion
prescribes (or proscribes).'"  n6

   Smith touched a sensitive nerve. A coalition of religious interests, civil
liberties groups, and law professors decried the case as  [*81]  an affront to
religious freedom. Congress took up their cause, and in 1993 was nearly
unanimous in enacting the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ("RFRA").  n7 RFRA
provided that "government shall not substantially burden a person's exercise of
religion" unless it first demonstrates that "application of the burden to the
person" is the "least restrictive means" to further "a compelling government
interest."  n8 This, of course, was a direct and explicit rejection of the Smith
Court's understanding of the Free Exercise Clause, and set Congress and the
Court on a collision course. RFRA claimants would be advancing statutory rather
than constitutional rights, but these statutory rights derived from Congress's
distinct understanding of the Free Exercise Clause. Congress maintained that its
authority under Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment to enforce the
liberty-bearing provisions of the Bill of Rights permitted it to disagree -- and
as with RFRA, to disagree quite sharply -- with the Court's view of
constitutional liberty.  n9

   In relatively short order, the Supreme Court found the occasion to consider
whether Congress could, in the fashion of RFRA, legislate a dissenting view of
constitutional liberty. Late in its most recent term, the Court decided City of
Boerne v Flores.  n10 Flores arose out of a zoning dispute in a small town not
far from San Antonio. St. Peter's Catholic Church was located in the downtown
historic district in Boerne, Texas. The church's membership was swelling, and
the church wanted to expand. The church invoked RFRA to claim an exemption from
the restrictions imposed upon buildings located in the historic district. The
Court's response was blunt and forceful: RFRA exceeded the scope of Congress's
authority under Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment and was constitutionally
invalid. Period.

   Flores may not or may not end the matter. Within weeks of the Flores
decision, Florida Congressman Charles Canady convened  [*82]  public hearings.
At the hearings, critics of Smith and Flores offered suggestions about how
Congress might reenact RFRA in a new guise.  n11

   * * *

   RFRA was inspired by a surprisingly common view of the Supreme Court's
religious liberty jurisprudence. In this account, Smith was preceded by a long
constitutional tradition of excusing religious believers from compliance with
laws that everyone else was obliged to obey. The five-Justice majority in Smith
hijacked that tradition, a tradition upon which minority religious believers
depended for their protection from indifferent or hostile majorities. This left
only Congress to fill the breach, and RFRA was a modest and well-tailored
vehicle by which Congress sought to restore the well-functioning status quo that
Smith had disrupted. If one is in the grip of this account, it is natural to
take a dim view of Flores in turn, as an instance of a churlish Supreme Court
spurning the measured constitutional judgment of a concerned Congress, and so as
a case which bodes poorly for the ability of Congress and the Court to work as
partners in the project of securing constitutional justice.  n12

   This picture of Smith and RFRA -- and now Flores as well -- has been widely
accepted, and often repeated in congressional testimony,  [*83]  law review
articles, and newspaper editorials.  n13 It is also false at every turn. It
misrepresents the Court's pre-Smith jurisprudence. It misrepresents what the
Court held in Smith and its reasons for doing so. It misrepresents the meaning
and effects of RFRA. It presupposes a novel, normatively unattractive, and
practically unworkable conception of religious liberty. And, finally, it
misrepresents the significance of Flores for congressional power.

   This last point may be especially important. The jurisprudence of religious
liberty has long been fraught with confusions of the sort that plague the
defective conventional account of Smith and RFRA. Until Flores, however, these
confusions were at least confined to religious liberty. For better or worse,
Flores has raised the stakes. Significant though it may be as a religious
liberty case, Flores looms even larger as a case about congressional power.
Indeed, it may well be the most important statement by the Court about
Congress's power under the Reconstruction Amendments since Katzenbach v Morgan
n14 in 1966.

   The questions are entwined, of course. Flores is above all a case about
congressional excess. In the eyes of the Flores Court, Congress's sweeping
deployment of the compelling interest test in RFRA was novel and dangerous.
Where the Constitution's objective was to protect religious believers against
unfair imposition of special disadvantages, RFRA privileged religious believers
in a way that was both normatively unattractive and practically unworkable. When
the Flores Court concluded that "the stringent test RFRA demands of state laws
reflects a lack of proportionality or congruence between the means adopted and
the legitimate end to be achieved,"  n15 it was renouncing a congressional
vision of religious liberty that was at radical odds with its own. Flores is
thus much more generous to reasonable congressional augmentations of civil
liberties than its critics suppose. Further, as between the competing views of
Congress and the Supreme Court, the Court has much the better of the matter:
Smith was fundamentally correct in its  [*84]  rejection of a broad privilege
for religiously motivated conduct.

   These are our claims. We hope to make good on them in the pages that follow.

II. RECONSTRUCTING THE FLORES COURT'S UNDERSTANDING OF CONGRESS'S SECTION 5
AUTHORITY

A. FLORES, KATZENBACH, AND THE RIGHT/REMEDY DISTINCTION

   Congress's authority to enact RFRA depends upon Section 5 of the Fourteenth
Amendment. Section 5 authorizes Congress to enforce the other provisions of the
Amendment; RFRA, accordingly, had to be understood as an attempt to enforce Free
Exercise rights incorporated by the Due Process Clause of Section 1 of the
Fourteenth Amendment. Since RFRA was founded on a view of Free Exercise that was
at odds with the Court's announced view in Smith, the validity of RFRA depended
on the idea that Congress, at least under some circumstances, could use its
Section 5 authority to create statutory surrogates for rights the Court would
not itself recognize.

   The obvious starting point for this argument was Katzenbach v Morgan.  n16 In
Katzenbach, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of Section 4(e) of
the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which prohibited states from using English
literacy tests to deny the franchise to graduates of Puerto Rican elementary
schools. The Court found that Section 4(e) was a valid exercise of Congress's
power to enforce the Fourteenth Amendment even though the Court itself had
recently found that literacy tests did not violate the Constitution.  n17
According to Justice Brennan, who authored the opinion of the Court, Congress
enjoyed the power to act even in the absence of "a judicial determination that
the enforcement of the state law precluded by Congress violated the [Fourteenth]
Amendment."  n18 Narrower constructions of Congress's power under Section 5 were
unacceptable because they "would depreciate both congressional resourcefulness
and congressional responsibility for implementing the Amendment."  n19
Katzenbach thus made clear that  [*85]  Congress could use Section 5 to regulate
conduct and policies that were outside the scope of the judicially enforced
amendment.

   Katzenbach was famously unclear about why Congress had this power and what
its limits were. Quoting McCulloch v Maryland,  n20 the Court said that its job
was to ask whether Congress had enacted a statute that was "plainly adapted" to
the end of enforcing the Amendment and was "consistent with 'the letter and
spirit of the Constitution.'"  n21 The Court concluded that the ban on literacy
tests at issue in Katzenbach met this test; Justice Brennan offered two
conceptually distinct explanations for its result. One was broadly remedial:
Congress might have intended to combat wide-spread-but-difficult-to-isolate
discrimination against Puerto Ricans -- for example, in the distribution of
public services -- by giving them more political clout with which to engage in
self-help.  n22 The other was more naturally understood as involving substantive
deference by the Court to Congress's substantive constitutional judgment:
Congress might have acted upon a reasonable but enlarged view of equal
protection pursuant to which literacy tests in the circumstances of the growing
Puerto Rican population resident in the United States were unconstitutional.
n23

   Dissenting in Katzenbach, Justice Harlan worried that, by freeing Congress to
pursue rights other than those the Court itself protected, the majority had
effectively authorized Congress to make the Constitution mean whatever it liked
and, in particular, to narrow or eliminate rights the Court had recognized.
Justice Brennan answered with a footnote: "§ 5 grants Congress no power to
restrict, abrogate, or dilute [the Fourteenth Amendment's] guarantees."  n24

   This asymmetrical ability of Congress to broaden but not to narrow the
Court's understanding of constitutional rights -- some-times referred to as
"Brennan's Ratchet" -- is part of what calls for explanation in Katzenbach. More
generally, substantive deference to Congress on questions concerning the meaning
of the liberty-bearing provisions of the Constitution is not a general feature
of  [*86]  the constitutional landscape, and needs a justification that offers
some guidance as to the shape of the deference it implicates.

   A fractured decision four years later in Oregon v Mitchell  n25 did not
clarify matters. Mitchell dealt with the constitutionality of a federal law
requiring the states to permit eighteen-year-olds to vote in both state and
federal elections. Congress relied on Section 5 to justify both aspects of the
law. Four justices, including Brennan, read Katzenbach broadly as including a
substantial degree of deference to Congress's constitutional judgment, and would
have upheld the statute in all respects.  n26 Four other justices, including
Harlan, read Katzenbach narrowly as an instance of Congress's power to provide
remedies for constitutional rights that the Court itself recognized, and would
have invalidated the statute.  n27 Justice Black joined neither of these sides,
and cast the deciding vote in the case on the basis of two idiosyncratic
rationales. He upheld the statute as applied to federal elections, but on the
basis of Congress's power to regulate voter qualifications under Article I,
Section 4,  n28 and he found the statute unconstitutional with regard to state
elections, concluding that Katzenbach's broad reading of congressional power was
apt only to issues of racial discrimination.  n29

   Justice Kennedy, writing for six Justices in Flores, adopted a view of
Congress's Section 5 authority which combined Justice Brennan's spirit of
generous deference to congressional judgment with Justice Harlan's insistence on
the distinction between remedial and substantive deference.  n30 So long as
Congress could be understood as putting in place a scheme of remedies for
recognized constitutional wrongs, the Court would broadly defer to congressional
judgment.  n31 On this basis, Congress could enact statutes that went
considerably beyond judicially secured constitutional rights. Thus, Katzenbach
and other prominent cases ceding wide authority to Congress were all correctly
decided.  n32 But Congress could not undertake  [*87]  to displace the Court's
judgments about the content of constitutional rights themselves. This was the
vice of RFRA: the "lack of proportionality or congruence between [its stringent
test] and the legitimate end to be achieved"  n33 disqualified RFRA as a
plausible remedy for judicially recognizable rights.  n34

   Remarkably, not a single Justice took issue with this understanding of
Section 5. Justice O'Connor, while dissenting on the grounds that she thought
Smith was wrongly decided, expressly supported the majority's discussion of
Section 5, bringing to seven the number of Justices who embraced Justice
Kennedy's rationale.  n35 Justices Breyer and Souter felt the Court should have
reconsidered Smith, and declined to consider the question of Congress's Section
5 authority.  n36

   We will make three brief passes at the Flores Court's approach to the
question of Congress's Section 5 authority. First, we will try to understand it
on its own terms. Second, we will argue for an emendation to -- or perhaps
better, a gloss upon -- the Court's approach which is more consistent with the
historic partnership between the Court and Congress on matters of constitutional
justice. Finally, we will situate our recommended understanding of Flores among
other approaches to Section 5 authority.

B. RIGHTS, REMEDIES, AND RFRA

   The distinction between rights and remedies -- like the distinctions (to
which it is obviously kin) between "ends" and "means" or between "substance" and
"process" -- is notoriously difficult to draw. The task of interpreting Flores
-- for commentators today, and for the Court itself in the future -- will
revolve around giving firm conceptual structure to a distinction that could
easily dissolve into mush.

   For Flores purposes, it would seem that the right/remedy distinction rests
upon a view of the world more or less like this: rights attach to states of
affairs which are required by the Constitution; remedies, in contrast, attach to
states of affairs which are not required  [*88]  by the Constitution, but which
are instrumentally useful to achieving those states of affairs which are. Rights
involve states of affairs that are desirable in themselves, while remedies may
involve states of affairs that are desirable only as means of securing rights.
From the vantage of the Constitution, accordingly, "rights" are mandatory
constraints upon government; "remedies" are merely supportive, and government
might reasonably choose among various remedial schemes useful to securing a
particular right (indeed, government may have to make choices among schemes,
since some schemes are likely to be inconsistent with others).

   Thus, in the view of the Flores Court, Congress enjoys broad discretion to
create remedies designed to help bridge the gap between the status quo and
constitutionally required states of affairs, and likewise, to create
prophylactic measures designed to prevent the status quo from deteriorating and
sliding further away from a constitutionally required states of affairs. Some of
these remedial or prophylactic measures will be considerably more demanding than
the requirements of the Constitution they support -- it is this which explains
the Court's general willingness to welcome Section 5 legislation that enlarges
upon constitutionally required states of affairs. But the Court is the ultimate
arbiter of what the Constitution requires, and legislation which can only be
understood as a disagreement with the Court's understanding of what the
Constitution requires is outside the bounds of Congress's Section 5 authority.
That is what makes RFRA unconstitutional.

C. COURT, CONGRESS, AND CONFLICT

   For the Flores Court, Congress's Section 5 authority ends where disagreement
over the substance of constitutional rights begins. We can better understand the
functional scope of Congress's authority, therefore, by giving sharper edges to
the idea of substantive disagreement. Suppose we begin with the simplest case:
Congress enacts a remedy which is actually inconsistent with what the Court
considers to be a constitutionally mandated state of affairs -- which is, in
other words, itself prohibited by the Constitution. This is the clearest case of
a disagreement over the substance of constitutional rights. If Congress acts on
its understanding of the Constitution under these circumstances, the resulting
legislation will both violate the Bill of Rights and exceed Congress's Section
[*89]  5 authority as well. If Flores stands for anything, it stands for the
unexceptional proposition that the Court will enforce the liberty-bearing
provisions of the Constitution according to its own best judgment of the content
of those provisions. In our view,  n37 and in the view of Justice Stevens (and
perhaps other members of the Court),  n38 RFRA is an instance of exactly this
sort of radical disagreement, and violated the religion clauses of the
Constitution.

   Suppose we extend the theme of a conflict between the judgment of the Court
and that of Congress, and imagine a case where Congress calls for a state of
affairs which, though not itself prohibited by the Constitution, is considered
by the Court to be counter-productive to the achievement of a state of affairs
mandated by the Constitution. That too is an easy case of Congress's
overstepping its remedial authority under Section 5, though not necessarily a
substantive violation of the Constitution. Again, the insistence of the Flores
Court that it judge for itself the meaning of the liberty-bearing provisions of
the Constitution seems firmly in play, and the Court would understandably be
unwilling to justify as remedial a congressional measure that undermined the
constitutionally mandated state of affairs it purported to remedy.

   Now we can go a step further and consider a somewhat more subtle form of
conflict between the Court and Congress. Suppose that Congress calls for a state
of affairs that is neither directly prohibited by the Constitution nor strictly
counterproductive to the achievement of a state of affairs mandated by the
Constitution, but which is nevertheless deeply at odds with the Court's best
judgment in this sense: The measure in question is plainly ill-suited to the
realization of a constitutionally mandated state of affairs.

   We can distinguish three sorts of cases that might -- at first blush, at
least -- be thought to fall within this category. First, Congress could set out
to protect rights that, while not at odds with those the Court has recognized,
are unrelated to them. Suppose, for example, that a conservative Congress
repealed federal labor laws and sought to insulate employers against state
legislation; suppose further that (for whatever reason) this legislation could
not be defended under the Commerce Clause, and hence stood or fell  [*90]  as an
effort by Congress to enforce the "liberty of contract" under the Fourteenth
Amendment. Here, the Flores distinction between rights and remedies would
clearly apply, as the congressional legislation would not support any liberty
recognized by the modern Court. The measure in question would indeed be
ill-suited to the realization of a constitutionally mandated state of affairs,
and, per Flores, outside the bounds of Congress's Section 5 authority.

   The second sort of case that could be thought to fall in the plainly
ill-suited category is considerably more interesting and important. Congress
might enact legislation which seems to have as its target a vision of
constitutional justice more robust than the Court's own, but which is
substantively close to commitments which underlie the Court's constitutional
doctrine and is entirely consistent with those commitments. Suppose, for
example, that Congress sought to fortify the laws against race discrimination by
enabling people to bring disparate impact claims against state governments. In
one sense, this law obviously supports rights the Court has deemed mandatory.
Under the Court's reading of the Equal Protection Clause, facially neutral laws
that combine a discriminatory purpose with a racially disparate impact are
unconstitutional. Giving racial minorities a statutory claim against state
governmental acts that produced a disparate impact would provide a legal filter
which would undoubtedly trap some cases of unconstitutional conduct that would
elude ordinary equal protection oversight. On the other hand, Congress might
well have enacted the law because it construed the Constitution's fundamental
equality norms more broadly than the Court did, or more likely still, the
various members of Congress might hold very different views on the question of
whether this legislation is best understood as substantive or remedial. In these
circumstances, how carefully should the Court scrutinize the question of whether
Congress has attempted to substitute its understanding of constitutional rights
for that of the Court? Or, to continue our terminology, just how "plainly"
ill-suited must legislation of this sort be before it falls outside Congress's
Section 5 power?

   It is at just this point that we want to argue for an important gloss on the
Flores Court's analysis. We think the Court has very good reason to be
exceptionally generous to Congress in a case of this sort. As the Flores Court
itself acknowledged, "the line between measures that remedy or prevent
unconstitutional actions  [*91]  and measures that make a substantive change in
the governing law is not easy to discern."  n39 In important part, this is
because -- as the disparate impact example suggests -- reasonable efforts to
prevent or remedy constitutional violations can spill well beyond the judicially
specified terms of those violations. In equally important (and somewhat less
obvious) part, it is because there is a gap between what the Court itself should
recognize as the best possible way to effectuate the values protected by the
Constitution, and what the Court constructs as constitutional doctrine.

   The Court is institutionally situated in ways that quite properly shape its
decisions. For example: it must articulate rules that offer clear guidance to
lower courts and other governmental actors; it must defer broadly to legislative
bodies when constitutional principles become thoroughly entwined with decisions
of public policy that properly belong in such bodies; and its ability to fashion
rules in service of constitutional values is often more limited than legislative
bodies addressing comparable problems. These limitations on the capacity of the
Court to enforce the Constitution do not map at all neatly onto the distinction
between constitutional rights and remedies. It is this gap between judicial
doctrine and a full realization of the values protected by the Constitution
itself that presumably explains why the Flores Court is so welcoming of remedial
efforts by Congress that go further than judicial doctrine. The same gap offers
the Court a good reason to welcome reasonable efforts by Congress to help shape
constitutional rights at the margins when the Court itself is unable to fully
explore or clearly delineate those margins. Or, to put the point less
provocatively, this gap offers the Court a good reason not to concern itself too
closely with the largely unanswerable question of whether a sympathetic effort
by Congress to help in the effort to fully realize the values protected by the
Constitution is best characterized as enlarging upon the Court's structure of
remedies or its understanding of the shape and scope of judicially enforceable
rights.

   We use the adjective "sympathetic" with a fairly precise meaning in mind. We
mean to exclude from this claim for exceptional generosity toward congressional
exercise of its Section 5 remedial authority the earlier cases we considered
where Congress has acted  [*92]  in a way that puts constitutional rights in
jeopardy, or where Congress has acted on a view of constitutional rights wholly
foreign to the Court's best understanding. We also mean to exclude a third sort
of case that comes to mind under the "plainly unsuited" rubric that we have most
recently been exploring. The third sort of case involves congressional
enactments that are essentially hostile to the Court's constitutional
commitments, enactments which place the Court and Congress in conceptual
conflict, even though they may not directly put constitutional rights in
jeopardy. RFRA was precisely this third sort of enactment, and its demise at the
hands of the Flores Court is entirely consistent with the generosity with which
we urge the Court to approach cases of the second, sympathetic type. As we shall
see, RFRA was indeed plainly unsuited to the realization of the what the Flores
Court regarded as the state of affairs mandated by the Free Exercise Clause.

D. KATZENBACH REVISITED; FLORES RECONSIDERED

   Before we defend this characterization of RFRA, we need to pause a moment and
take stock. We have given firmer shape to the Flores Court's invocation of the
rights/remedy distinction as the means of delineating Congress's Section 5
authority: Rights are best understood as emerging from constitutionally mandated
states of affairs, and remedies as emerging from states of affairs that are not
themselves constitutionally mandated but which are instrumentally supportive of
those states that are. Where the constitutional judgment of Congress is in
direct conflict with that of the Court, Congress will be unable to act on its
judgment through the vehicle of Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment. This is
most obviously true of legislation which -- in the Court's eye -- places
constitutionally mandated states of affairs in jeopardy. It is also true of
legislation that is wildly off-target in calling for states of affairs that bear
no plausible relationship to constitutionally mandated states of affairs. And it
is also true of legislation that is essentially hostile to the Court's
constitutional understandings, even though such legislation may not necessarily
place constitutionally mandated states of affairs in jeopardy. There remains,
however, a category of legislation where Congress, broadly speaking, is acting
in support of the Court's constitutional judgment, not in conflict. It will
often be hard for the Court to know with any  [*93]  confidence whether
legislation of this sort is better characterized as remedial or substantive; but
the Court has good reason to welcome such legislation on either account, and no
good reason to insist on distinguishing between these two possibilities.

   The Court in Flores reviewed debates about Section 5 in the Reconstruction
Congress,  n40 but Justice Kennedy and the Court for whom he wrote seemed more
moved by the consequences of a licentious reading of Section 5 for judicial
authority and constitutional obduracy than by history. The Court worried that if
Congress had "a substantive, non-remedial power under the Four-teenth
Amendment," then "shifting legislative majorities could change the Constitution
and effectively circumvent the difficult and detailed amendment process
contained in Article V."  n41 Congress would be free to "define its own powers
by altering the Four-teenth Amendment's meaning," and the Constitution would no
longer be "superior paramount law, unchangeable by ordinary means."  n42
Constitutional supremacy, the Court's authority to defend it, and limits on the
authority of Congress would all be forfeit. The Court did itself a disservice by
making such extreme and untenable assertions;  n43 they provide convenient
targets for unsympathetic critics. Rhetorical excesses aside, however, the
Court's analysis of Section 5 legislation builds upon a sound insight: within
our constitutional practice, the Supreme Court has the responsibility to act on
its own judgment as to the content of the liberty-bearing provisions of the
Constitution. As we shall see, Congress's misadventure with RFRA was an occasion
which made that responsibility especially vivid and salutary.

   Considerable commentary has been devoted to Katzenbach and its asymmetrical
deference to congressional judgment. It may be helpful to place our reading of
Flores alongside three other possible understandings of Katzenbach. One
explanation that found great favor with the proponents of RFRA relies on the
distinction between constitutional challenges based upon enumerated powers
[*94]  and those based upon the liberty-bearing provisions of the Constitution.
The idea is this: when Congress is enlarging rights, typically the only
objection sounds in enumerated powers, and the all but limitless deference
traditionally granted Congress with regard to its enumerated powers should
apply. When, in contrast, Congress is shrinking rights, the objection can be
framed as a violation of a constitutional guarantee of liberty, with regard to
which judicial deference is extremely limited.  n44

   This view of Katzenbach is too facile: it suppresses the peculiar structure
of Section 5, which makes the scope of Congress's authority depend on the
liberty-bearing provisions of Section 1; and it likely overstates the deference
that the contemporary Court is willing to pay to Congress in enumerated powers
controversies. But all that is somewhat beside the point. Whatever else is true
of this understanding of Katzenbach, it is not the view of the Court in Flores,
and it is not the view we urge in our reconstruction of Flores. Flores
emphatically does not give Congress the authority to act upon a view of
constitutional substance that conflicts with the Court's own judgment in any of
the ways that we have sketched; the powers/rights claim, in contrast, arguably
does give Congress that authority.

   A second explanation of Katzenbach turns on the increasingly popular idea
that the Court sometimes quite legitimately "under-enforces" important
provisions -- including liberty-bearing provisions -- of the Constitution.  n45
If this is true, then Congress should have the authority to fill in rights where
the Court is forced to leave off on institutional grounds. This approach is
fundamentally consistent with that taken by the Flores Court, since it agrees
that the Court's own best judgment about the meaning of the Constitution should
prevail in the event of a conflict with Congress's judgment as effectuated in
Section 5 legislation. The underenforcement theory merely points out that some
judicial outcomes are better attributed to the Court's institutional role than
to its judgments of substance, and argues that the Court should especially
[*95]  welcome the collaboration of Congress in such cases. Underenforcement is
one of the reasons for what we have described here as the gap between the best
understanding of the substance of the Constitution and the Court's
constitutional doctrine. The under-enforcement understanding of Katzenbach is
entirely consistent with (though not necessary to) our interpretation of Flores.

   A third explanation of Katzenbach is one that we advanced in an earlier
essay, where we argued that RFRA was unconstitutional on several grounds.  n46
In that essay, we anticipated the Court's ruling in Flores and concluded that
RFRA was outside the scope of Congress's Section 5 authority. We set forward a
view of Section 5 that distinguished between Congress acting as the Court's
partner, on the one hand, and as its adversary on the other.  n47 Adversarial
enactments, we argued, were outside the scope of Congress's Section 5 authority.
We gestured toward the content of the idea of an adversarial enactment with a
thought experiment: We imagined that a Justice of the Supreme Court who shared
in the Court's prevailing view on the matter in question left the Court and
found herself in Congress; if she could not support proposed legislation without
changing her prior view of the appropriate judicial disposition of the matter,
the legislation was adversarial.  n48 This approach is largely consistent with
our interpretation of Flores. Indeed, much that we have said here can be
regarded as an attempt to flesh out our earlier argument. Flores, however,
further refines the restrictions upon Congress in one respect: Under our earlier
formulation, legislation -- like our freedom of contract example -- which
secured rights wildly different from but not inconsistent with those that the
Court would recognize might be thought to be in a third category; in such a case
Congress is certainly not acting as the Court's partner, and it is unclear
whether to regard it as the Court's adversary. But Flores not unreasonably
places legislation of this sort outside of Congress's Section 5 authority.

   Justice Kennedy's opinion on behalf of the Court in Flores may on first read
seem Janus-faced. On the one hand, the opinion's emphasis on the distinction
between remedial and rights-defining enactments by Congress was a self-conscious
echo of Justice Harlan  [*96]  -- first in dissent in Katzenbach and then again
in Mitchell; Harlan, like the Flores Court, believed that Congress's power under
Section 5 had to be merely remedial if the Court were to preserve its own power
to enforce constitutional limits against Congress.  n49 Given Harlan's
discomfort with the outcome in Katzenbach, the Flores Court's invalidation of
RFRA, and that Court's silent neglect of theories or themes of the sort we have
advanced here, one might think that the real point of the Flores opinion was to
vindicate Harlan's Katzenbach dissent and sharply curtail the scope of
congressional power.

   But the Flores Court was at pains to endorse not just the outcome in
Katzenbach, but those in South Carolina v Katzenbach,  n50 Fitzpatrick v Bitzer,
n51 and City of Rome v United States  n52 as well.  n53 True to its affirmation
of this run of cases, the Court readily agreed that "Legislation which deters or
remedies constitutional violations can fall within the sweep of Congress's
enforcement power even if in the process it prohibits conduct which is not
itself unconstitutional and intrudes into 'legislative spheres of autonomy
previously reserved to the States.'"  n54 Consistent with our emphasis here, the
Court acknowledged that "the line between measures that remedy or prevent
unconstitutional actions and measures that make a substantive change in the
governing law is not easy to discern, and Congress must have wide latitude in
determining where it lies. . . ."  n55 Congress, in the eyes of the Flores
Court, could direct its broad discretion not just to past violations of the
Constitution but to future vulnerabilities as well.  n56 And the Flores Court
declined to insist that Congress generate an elaborate record in support of its
constitutional impulses, noting that "as a general matter, it is  [*97]  for
Congress to decide the method by which it will reach a decision."  n57 None of
this reflects the crabbed view of congressional authority adopted by Justice
Harlan or signals anything more than a modest clarification of extant doctrine.
Where Justice Brennan in Katzenbach asked only that Section 5 legislation be
"plainly adapted" to constitutional ends, and "consistent with the letter and
spirit of the Constitution,"  n58 Justice Kennedy in Flores called for "a
congruence between the means used and the [constitutional] ends to be achieved."
n59 On its face, hardly a revolution.

   Understood in its best light, the rights/remedy distinction is not at all
inconsistent with the spirit of sweeping deference to Congress with which the
Flores opinion is laced. At the same time, as Justice Harlan's example reminds
us, without firmer edges, a test which depends on that distinction can be put to
many uses, including the advancement of views which are far less generous to
congressional authority. It is a virtue of our interpretation of Flores that it
provides such firmer edges and locates the Flores decision firmly within the
deferential tradition to which the Court sees itself as heir.

   Which leaves us, finally, with the result in Flores. RFRA, after all, was
invalidated, and many readers of Flores will insist that the Court be understood
to mean what it does, not what it says. It is at this point that the
interpretation of Flores becomes heavily dependent on the Court's Free Exercise
jurisprudence. On the conventional account of Smith and RFRA -- the account
repeated so often in the Committee reports accompanying RFRA -- Flores appears
to be grim news indeed for Congress. On that account, religious liberty means
leaving religious believers unfettered by government regulations (including
regulations every one else must obey); the Court, in Smith, decided that the
compelling interest test provided more religious liberty than the Justices were
willing to enforce in the name of the Constitution; and RFRA extended the
Court's own, rather minimal, remedies for encroachments upon religious liberty.
So, to RFRA's defenders, RFRA, like Katzenbach, occupied the hazy space in which
rights and remedies are difficult to distinguish; like the Voting Rights Act,
RFRA  [*98]  served a goal which the Court itself had recognized (in the case of
the Voting Rights Act, political equality; in the case of RFRA, religious
liberty), but supplemented the judicially enforceable Constitution with new
rights that the Court had refused to endorse (in the case of the Voting Rights
Act, a ban upon literacy tests; in the case of RFRA, a ban upon laws which
burdened religious practice without compelling justification).

   But this view of RFRA is not the Court's view, and it therefore misreads what
Flores has to say about Section 5. Indeed, we do not know how many members of
the Flores majority thought that RFRA disserved the Court's judgment in the
rawest possible way, by violating the Establishment Clause; Justice Stevens said
it did, and nobody contradicted him. We may assume, however, that some members
of the Flores majority either rejected the Establishment Clause challenge to
RFRA or were uncertain about its merits -- otherwise, the Court should simply
have decided the case on Establishment Clause grounds. What we do know is this:
the Flores Court firmly endorsed the Smith Court's conclusion that application
of the Sherbert test would have produced a "constitutional anomaly."  n60 That
is quite different, and far more severe, than saying that the compelling
interest standard provided "too much" religious liberty. To call RFRA's test a
"constitutional anomaly" suggests that it does not support religious liberty at
all, and that even if it does not rise to the level of an Establishment Clause
violation, it works at cross-purposes with the Court's understanding of
religious liberty or other elements of constitutional justice. If we take the
Flores Court's references to Smith and the substance of RFRA seriously, we can
make full and attractive sense of all of Justice Kennedy's opinion for the
Court: the generous rhetoric about deference to Congress, the approving
references to Katzenbach and Rome, and the ultimate condemnation of RFRA. In the
sections which follow we show not only that the Flores Court could reasonably
hold this view of RFRA, but that it was entirely correct in so doing.

III. SHERBERT'S TROUBLED LEGACY

   In the judgment of the Flores Court, RFRA was outside the bounds of the
generous deference owed Congress in the exercise  [*99]  of its Section 5
powers: "The stringent test RFRA demands of state law reflects a lack of
proportionality or congruence between the means adopted and the legitimate end
to be achieved."  n61 For RFRA's defenders, this must be a bitter pill. In their
view, after all, RFRA's "stringent test" sprung not from congressional
imagination, but from the Court's own jurisprudence. RFRA's standard had for
almost three decades been the Court's own -- and, when the Court abandoned that
test seven years ago, it did so by a slim one-vote margin. How could a test
which the Supreme Court so recently required now fail to survive the deferential
scrutiny which, according to Justice Kennedy's opinion for the Flores majority,
was appropriate to congressional exercises of power under Section 5? But it is
precisely this view of the confused strand of law that ran forward from the
Sherbert decision which was rejected by the Court in Smith; and though the Smith
opinion may have its flaws, its reappraisal of the meaning of Sherbert was long
overdue.

   Until 1963, the Supreme Court was consistently hostile to the possibility
that religiously motivated persons were free to disobey otherwise valid laws.
During this period, religious belief and expression were protected against some
forms of governmental regulation, but only under circumstances where
non-religious belief and expression would have enjoyed the same protection. But
in 1963, the Supreme Court seemed to reverse itself in Sherbert and embrace the
remarkable proposition that religiously motivated persons were exempt from
otherwise valid laws unless the imposition of those laws was necessary to secure
a compelling state interest.  n62

   This would have been strong medicine indeed, but the Court abided by its
prescription only on highly select occasions. Three other unemployment insurance
cases followed Sherbert; in each, a non-mainstream religious believer who was
generally available for work but barred by his religious scruples from taking a
narrow range of jobs was held to be constitutionally entitled to receive
unemployment insurance.  n63 And in one case outside the unemployment  [*100]
insurance context, the rhetoric of Sherbert seemed to prevail as well: in
Wisconsin v Yoder,  n64 the Court exempted some Amish parents from state laws
requiring attendance at school through the age of sixteen. But outside the
extraordinarily narrow precincts of the Sherbert quartet and Yoder, the Court
consistently rejected religious motivation as an excuse for failures to comply
with otherwise valid laws. In some cases, the Court created exceptions to
Sherbert's compelling interest test. In others, the Court nominally applied
Sherbert's test, but found the usually rigorous compelling state interest test
rather easily satisfied in this context.

   In many of the pre-Smith cases where the Supreme Court refused to find
exemptions constitutionally required, the government's interests were diaphanous
and its indifference to religious practice stark. In Goldman v Weinberger,  n65
for example, the army had refused to permit an Orthodox Jew to wear a yarmulke
with his uniform; the Court held that Sherbert's "compelling state interest
test" did not apply to military policies.  n66 In Lyng v Northwest Indian
Cemetery Protective Association,  n67 the Forest Service had elected to build a
road through an Indian burial ground that lay on federal property; although the
road could have been located elsewhere, the Supreme Court declined to intervene,
holding that the Sherbert test did not apply to government's decisions about how
to use its own property.  n68 In United States v Lee,  n69 the Supreme Court
reversed a Circuit Court decision exempting Amish workplaces from the Social
Security program; the Court found that the integrity of the tax system amounted
to a compelling state interest,  n70 a judgment which seems incontestable in the
abstract but was highly arguable on the facts of Lee, where, as Justice Stevens
[*101]  pointed out, the exemption demanded by the Amish might actually have
benefited the national treasury.  n71

   The marked collapsibility of the Sherbert "rule" in the Supreme Court was the
norm in other courts as well.  n72 The pattern was simple and constant: Free
Exercise claimants seeking exemptions from generally applicable laws virtually
never prevailed. In other constitutional contexts, the compelling state interest
test was "strict in theory and fatal in fact";  n73 in Free Exercise
jurisprudence, it was strict in theory and notably feeble in fact.  n74

   Whatever other lessons one might draw from the Sherbert doctrine's crooked
path through American case law, this much is clear: RFRA's compelling state
interest test could not be defended as a proven vehicle for vindicating Free
Exercise Clause concerns. Its track record was neither extensive nor impressive.
Ironically, if RFRA's compelling state interest test were to have any chance of
consistent application, it had to be detached from the line of precedents that
inspired it. As a result, one of the major questions that confronted courts as
they began interpreting RFRA was whether the Religious Freedom Restoration Act
in fact "restored" the vapid jurisprudence that existed prior to Smith, or
whether it did something quite different.  n75 RFRA's language itself seemed
almost deliberately  [*102]  ambiguous. On the one hand, the Congress announced
its intention to "restore the compelling interest test as set forth in Sherbert
. . . and . . . Yoder";  n76 on the other hand, Congress waffled on the other,
more deferential, cases that had sapped the Sherbert test of its force and
importance. Early on, the bill proposing RFRA referred only to Sherbert and
Yoder, and did so twice over; a later amendment, however, substituted a
reference in one instance to "prior Federal court rulings" -- including,
presumably, cases like Lyng and Goldman where the Supreme Court found creative
ways to let the government off the hook.  n77

   Whatever Congress intended, RFRA probably would have introduced a very
different regime than the one it nominally "restored." The statute generated a
tide of Free Exercise litigation in the federal courts. Landlords sought
exemption from statutes prohibiting them from discriminating against unmarried
couples.  n78 Churches claimed that they were exempt from bankruptcy laws
requiring charities to return gifts from the estates of bankrupt debtors.  n79
Prisoners (who had been excluded from the scope of the Sherbert test by one of
the Supreme Court's many decisions limiting the scope of that precedent) filed a
raft of claims under RFRA, some  [*103]  sincere and others laughable.  n80
Churches demanded exemptions from all variety of local zoning ordinances. Two
recurring fact patterns involved churches that wished to open soup kitchens or
homeless shelters in residential neighborhoods and churches that sought to
escape the restrictions imposed by historic preservation ordinances.  n81 A
substantial number of these claims in fact prevailed under RFRA.  n82

   Of course, Sherbert is not the only precedent to suffer from inconsistent and
unprincipled application. And the rule of RFRA  [*104]  could be a good rule,
even if the regime it purported to restore had never existed. But the Smith
Court did not merely bring the news about Sherbert. It went considerably
further, and made clear its judgment that application of the compelling state
interest test to a case like Smith was both normatively unattractive and
unworkable in practice. A rule that conditioned legal obligation "upon the law's
coincidence with [one's] religious beliefs" would allow each individual "by
virtue of his beliefs, 'to become a law unto himself,'" and would thereby
"contradict both constitutional tradition and common sense."  n83 Any society
that endorsed such a rule would be "courting anarchy," and that is especially so
in a religiously diverse society like the United States.  n84 According to the
Smith Court, it would be "horrible to contemplate that federal judges will
regularly balance against the importance of general laws the significance of
religious practice"; judges have no standard by which to make the relevant
judgments.  n85 For the Smith Court, the application of Sherbert to facts of
Smith would have produced a "constitutional anomaly."  n86 This was a judgment
shared by the Flores Court.  n87 It is a judgment with which we agree.

IV. EXEMPTIONS AND SUBSIDIES

   The Smith and Flores Courts are best understood as emphasizing a deep point
about the conceptual structure of religious liberty, not simply a view about how
much religious liberty is desirable or how it competes with other constitutional
and political values. The point is this: the only sound conception of religious
liberty is founded upon protecting religious exercise against persecution,
discrimination, insensitivity, or hostility. There is no coherent normative
basis for insisting that religious commitments receive better treatment than
other, comparably serious commitments -- and, as a result, it will be impossible
to identify any principled stopping  [*105]  point for the Free Exercise claims.
n88 Indeed, if the Free Exercise Clause were understood as ensuring that
religious commitments and practices flourish unimpaired by government policy,
then Free Exercise rights will inevitably collide with equality principles --
within and without the domain of religious liberty -- essential to our notion of
constitutional government. The result might not be literal "anarchy," but it
would certainly be a "constitutional anomaly," and arguably a serious affront to
the rule of law.

   The facts of Flores provide a convenient avenue into the Court's concerns. At
bottom, Flores is a case about money and convenience. If Boerne does not make an
exception to its historic preservation ordinance, St. Peter's Catholic Church
will either have to sell its building and buy or build a larger structure to
house its swelling congregation, or split its congregation in two and buy or
build a smaller church for the newly created congregation. These options may be
quite expensive or inconvenient to the church, and perhaps to its parishioners
as well, who may have additional travel burdens. On the other hand, the church
is not claiming that St. Peter's rests on uniquely sacred ground or that it
operates under a divine command not to relocate elsewhere. Indeed, under other
quite plausible conditions -- if, for example, St. Peter's occupied a lot too
small to permit construction of a larger building -- it is clear that the church
would have moved or divided.

   So, if either RFRA or the Free Exercise Clause were to exempt St. Peter's
from the burdens imposed by Boerne's zoning scheme, it would have to do so on
the ground that churches should be presumped exempt from financially burdensome
-- and possibly inconvenient -- regulations. The logical scope of this claim is
breath-taking. Suppose a church owns wetlands property. It could make a great
deal of money by building homes on the property and renting them. Should it be
exempt from environmental statutes prohibiting development? Suppose a church
owns property in a residential neighborhood. It could make money by opening a
restaurant in the neighborhood. Should it be exempt from statutes prohibiting a
commercial use? A church could make more money  [*106]  if it were also exempt
from the minimum wage law. Is it entitled to the exemption? Or, more
sympathetically, but not conceptually at odds, suppose a church wanted to open a
soup kitchen to feed the poor; is it constitutionally entitled to locate the
kitchen any-where it wants?  n89 And if so, can a church that must slaughter
animals locate its slaughterhouse anywhere it wants?

   Elsewhere we have argued at length that there is no constitutional
justification for favoring persons whose conduct is motivated by religious
conviction, and further, that there is no attractive normative justification of
any kind for so doing.  n90 The Constitution singles out religious liberty for
special attention, but that attention centers on the ideal of equal regard,
pursuant to which the deep concerns of religious believers are protected against
hostility, indifference, or a failure of comprehension, and assured equal
stature with the deep concerns of other citizens.  n91 The Constitution
emphatically does not privilege religious concerns. In our view, the bald
favoritism to religion contemplated in examples like those in the prior
paragraph would be a patent breach of equal regard, and would undermine rather
than fulfill the constitutional ideal of religious liberty.

   But here we wish to highlight a point that we have not emphasized in the
past: Flores and the examples of fiscal favoritism it inspires expose the
incongruity of calling for exemptions on the one hand while renouncing subsidies
on the other. Virtually every-body agrees that the Constitution prohibits the
government from singling out churches for special subsidies. That portion of
Establishment Clause jurisprudence is uncontroversial. Some commentators (and we
are among them) believe that, at least until recently, the Supreme Court has
been too reluctant to permit the government to include religious institutions,
including religious schools, among the beneficiaries of neutrally defined,
nonsectarian subsidies.  n92 But almost nobody believes that government may
choose to subsidize religious institutions exclusively. We do not see any way
[*107]  to reconcile this uncontroversial axiom with the claim that churches
should enjoy exemption from financially burdensome regulations.

   We realize, of course, that government frequently must permit activities
which it has no obligation to facilitate, much less fund. But that common
feature of constitutional jurisprudence is different from the one at stake here.
The government is not free to choose whether to subsidize religious activity
specially; it is constitutionally prohibited from doing so. There is no sound
reason to distinguish subsidies from exemptions that alleviate purely financial
burdens (and thereby provide a financial benefit). If it is impermissible to
prefer religion in one setting, it cannot be mandatory to prefer it in the
other. That is the sense in which Smith and Flores depend upon a point about the
conceptual structure of religious liberty, rather than about the amount of
religious liberty that is desirable. It is not possible to privilege religious
believers by exempting them, and them alone, from generally applicable laws
without thereby running afoul of equality principles reflected in, among other
things, the most basic axioms of Establishment Clause jurisprudence.

   It would be a mistake to think that the patent fiscal favoritism of the RFRA
claim in Flores is untypical. In many respects, Flores is a classic RFRA case.
Zoning cases were a boom industry during RFRA's brief career on the federal
statute books; indeed, aside from prisoner's rights cases, they were probably
the largest source of RFRA claims.  n93 Justice O'Connor put special emphasis on
zoning cases in her Flores dissent,  n94 as did Congress in the committee
reports accompanying the passage of RFRA.  n95

   In most, though certainly not all, zoning cases, the burdens upon religious
exercise reduce to considerations of cost and convenience. Smith's critics have
generally made no effort to distinguish between  [*108]  cases in which the
burden imposed was ultimately financial, and other cases in which the burden
contained some irreducibly nonfinancial component. On the contrary, both Justice
O'Connor and Congress singled out the St. Bartholomew's litigation in New York
as an example of the problems which Sherbert's compelling interest test might
address.  n96 As Justice O'Connor accurately reported in her Flores dissent, St.
Bartholomew's demanded a constitutional exemption from New York City's
landmarking ordinance because that law "'drastically restricted the Church's
ability to raise revenue to carry out its various charitable and ministerial
programs.'"  n97 To be exact, St. Bart's wanted to raze its vestry and put up a
high-rise office building in midtown Manhattan, which it could then lease at
considerable financial benefit. Would it be any different if St. Bart's wanted
to generate money by building a residential development on protected wetlands,
or by operating a restaurant in a residential neighborhood?

   For all of this, it would have been possible, in principle, to exclude mere
financial burdens or inconveniences from the reach of RFRA, either by statutory
provision or by judicial interpretation of RFRA's "substantial burden" trigger.
n98 But remaking RFRA in some such way would merely shift the line between the
statutory requirement of exemptions that strongly favor religion, on the one
[*109]  side, and a constitutional prohibition of subsidies precisely because
they favor religion on the other side. There would still be such a line, and the
result would still be genuinely anomalous. In, the end, it does not matter
whether financial burden cases like Flores fall on the mandated exemption or
prohibited subsidy side of the line: RFRA's proponents still have to explain to
us all how it is that a strong favoritism and a strong antifavoritism principle
can live side by side in a coherent regime of constitutional liberty.

V. THE CONSTITUTIONAL ANOMALY OF RELIGIOUS PRIVILEGE

   It bears emphasis that the inescapable conceptual tension between subsidies
and exemptions is not the ultimate reason for rejecting the compelling state
interest test as the metric of Free Exercise. The tension is merely an
illustration or a symptom of an important proposition at the heart of religious
liberty: there is no good constitutional or other normative justification for
conferring a sweeping privilege on religiously motivated conduct. Defenders of
the compelling interest test have resisted this lesson in three ways. They have
said that the distinction between exemptions and subsidies is simply written
into the constitutional text or the history of its framing, so that history
supplies the needed distinctions. Or they have said that government's basic
obligation in the sphere of religious liberty is to leave religion alone. Or
they have said that exemptions are in fact a kind of rough quid pro quo for
special disadvantages the constitutional system imposes on religious believers.
None of these arguments succeeds, and their failure lends strong support to the
judgment of the Smith Court.

   Begin with the brute argument from text and history. Commentators upon the
Supreme Court's religious liberty jurisprudence have from time to time
maintained that the Free Exercise and Establishment Clauses of the First
Amendment are in tension with one another, or even that they conflict.  n99 Some
defenders of RFRA  [*110]  accordingly maintain that the odd conjunction of
norms we are now examining -- one norm demanding that government privilege
religion with special exemptions, and another prohibiting government from aiding
religion with special subsidies -- is the result of the text's schizophrenia:
the Free Exercise Clause, they say, by its terms, commands government to favor
religion, but the Establishment Clause, by its terms, prohibits the government
from doing so.  n100 Certainly this result is not impossible; the best reading
of the Constitution might involve the identification of two inconsistent
principles within a single sentence. But this would be a surprising outcome, in
any event, and especially in light of the modern history of the Establishment
Clause. Until 1947, the Establishment Clause was often read more or less
woodenly, as prohibiting the establishment of a government church; it was also
utterly neglected, as the impulse to accomplish such a blatantly
unconstitutional end had long been lost to history. The Supreme Court's decision
in Everson v Board of Education  n101 changed all that; it enlarged and revived
the Establishment Clause as -- in its essence -- a general provision barring the
state from favoring or supporting religious practice in a fashion inconsistent
with the Constitution's commitment to religious liberty. That the Supreme Court
should go out of its way in the fashion of Everson only to introduce a
constitutional premise at stark odds with its extant commitment to religious
liberty seems improbable in the extreme -- certainly not a result to be arrived
at lightly.

   The Free Exercise Clause provides, "Congress shall make no law . . .
prohibiting the Free Exercise [of religion]." So the obvious question: which
laws prohibit the free exercise of religion? Put another way: what must religion
be free from in order to be freely exercised? Consider the following
interpretations: (1) "The exercise of religion is free so long as it is free
from deliberate political persecution; hence, a law prohibits the free exercise
of religion if  [*111]  and only if it specifically singles out religious
practice for unfavorable treatment"; (2) "The exercise of religion is free so
long as it is free from burdens greater than those government places upon other,
comparable activities; hence, a law prohibits the free exercise of religion if
and only if it treats religion badly by comparison to other activities"; (3)
"The exercise of religion is free only if it is free from all burdens except
those justified by a state interest of the highest order; hence a law prohibits
the free exercise of religion if and only if religious practices are exempt from
most laws of general application"; (4) "The exercise of religion is free only if
it is free from any cost at all; hence, a law prohibits the free exercise of
religion if it imposes any costs upon religious practice (and, perhaps, if it
impedes religion from defraying its costs)."

   The first of these interpretations corresponds to the most narrow reading of
the Supreme Court's doctrine in Smith, the second reflects our own position, the
third is embodied in RFRA and the Sherbert-Yoder standard, and the fourth
expresses a more absolute privilege for religion. Whatever might be said about
the merits of these positions, one cannot choose among them by staring at the
words of the Free Exercise Clause. It is a legitimate question what religion
must be free from in order to be freely exercised -- nobody believes that it
must be free from every hindrance, as the fourth interpretation would suggest --
and one cannot answer that question by repeating the words "free exercise" or
"no law."

   Sometimes, defenders of the Sherbert test supplement the words of the Free
Exercise Clause with other textual arguments based on the structure of the First
Amendment as a whole. For example, in her Smith concurrence, Justice O'Connor
argued that Sherbert's compelling interest test, far from being a constitutional
anomaly, would merely assimilate the Free Exercise Clause to the Free Speech
Clause, to which, she said, the Court has regularly applied the compelling state
interest test.  n102 In fact, as Justice Scalia pointed out in Smith, this
comparison between Free Exercise jurisprudence and traditional patterns of
constitutional adjudication "supports, rather than undermines," the Smith
decision.  n103 When faced with laws that selectively burden religiously
motivated conduct, the Supreme Court continues to apply the compelling interest
[*112]  test, just as it does under the Free Speech Clause with respect to laws
that regulate activities on the basis of their communicative content.  n104 Laws
of this kind were not at issue in Smith or Flores; instead, the Court's
decisions in those cases involved laws of general application which had an
incidental impact upon religious activity.

   In contrast, the Court does not apply the compelling interest test to laws
which impact on speech in the same way that general, neutrally applied laws
impact upon religiously motivated conduct. When a viewpoint-neutral rule imposes
only incidental burdens upon communicative activity, the Court applies the much
more deferential test derived from United States v O'Brien.  n105 Two
observations about the O'Brien test are in order. First, although the O'Brien
test talks tough, it, like Sherbert itself, has proven tame in practice -- as
the O'Brien decision itself nicely illustrates.  n106 Second, in the few
instances when the Court has stricken rules under the O'Brien test, there is
good reason to suppose that it has used the test to get at laws which, despite
legislative protestations to the contrary, were in fact enacted in order to
suppress unwanted communicative activity  n107 -- and, indeed, the law in
O'Brien itself was almost certainly of that kind.  n108

   In light of the Free Exercise Clause's patent ambiguity, some  [*113]
critics of Smith have turned to the Clause's history to explain their support
for the compelling interest standard. In Flores, Justice O'Connor tried this
strategy.  n109 Justice Scalia answered O'Connor's historical argument at great
length.  n110 We think it sufficient to repeat -- with minor qualifications --
two of Scalia's most telling observations. First, "the most prominent scholarly
critic of Smith, . . . after an extensive review of the historical record, was
willing to venture no more than that 'constitutionally compelled exemptions
[from generally applicable laws regulating conduct] were within the
contemplation of the framers and ratifiers as a possible interpretation of the
Free Exercise Clause.'"  n111 Professor McConnell might be unhappy with this
characterization of his view; he might think himself "willing to venture" a bit
more than Scalia admits. McConnell treats Jefferson and Madison as the two
crucial figures behind the Free Exercise Clause; according to McConnell,
Jefferson was disdainful toward religion,  n112 while Madison's attitude toward
religious belief was "more affirmative."  n113 According to McConnell, "Madison,
with his more generous vision of religious liberty, more faithfully reflected
the popular understanding of the free exercise provision that was to emerge both
in state constitutions and the Bill of Rights."  n114 McConnell's research is
controversial,  n115 but, as we have observed before,  n116 one may concede
McConnell's claim about Madison and Jefferson without thereby deciding the
original meaning of the Free Exercise Clause. As McConnell describes it,
Jefferson's "disdain" for religion is, by the standards of contemporary
constitutional argument, an extreme position: it leaves ample room for a variety
of "more generous" and "more affirmative" positions, some of them quite
consistent  [*114]  with the Court's decision in Smith. One might, for example,
believe (as we do) that religious practices enjoy a dignity equal to other deep
human convictions (such as the love parents feel for their children), and that
the Constitution protects religious believers against the selective hostility or
"disdain" which the government might otherwise show for some religious
practices.

   Scalia's basic point thus holds regardless of whether his description of
McConnell's position is too blunt: nothing in McConnell's argument provides any
ground for choosing among the competing interpretations of the Free Exercise
Clause at issue in Smith. Scalia went on to make a second important observation
about the historical record. He said that if indeed the original understanding
of the Free Exercise Clause had required states to exempt religious practices
from laws of general application, "it would be surprising not to find a single
state or federal case refusing to enforce a generally applicable statute because
of its failure to make accommodation. Yet the dissent cites none -- and to my
knowledge, and to the knowledge of the academic defenders of the dissent's
position . . . none exists."  n117 Again, O'Connor's "academic defenders" might
quibble with Scalia's characterization of their view. But, again, Scalia's
general point is correct regardless of whether one thinks him too bold with
regard to the details. Even if Smith's critics can identify some precedent to
support their position,  n118 they cannot point to an impressive string of legal
precedent -- on the contrary, they must contend, at a minimum, with the Supreme
Court's hostility to exemptions for religiously motivated conduct in Reynolds v
United States,  n119 and with the absence of any Supreme Court squarely in favor
of such exemptions before Sherbert in 1963.

   The first strategy -- the strategy dependent upon text and history -- for
explaining the relationship between the Sherbert doctrine and the Court's
Establishment Clause doctrine thus fails. So the leading academic defenders of
the Sherbert doctrine have tried a  [*115]  more promising strategy . . . more
promising, because this strategy depends upon a normative argument, not an
invocation of purportedly arbitrary elements of constitutional justice. In
various formulations, the normative claim is that the fundamental obligation of
government with respect to religious freedom is to leave religion alone, or to
be neutral in its impact upon religion, or to have no effect upon choices about
religion. The Sherbert-Yoder doctrine and Establishment Clause jurisprudence
reflect this obligation: exemptions from generally applicable laws are essential
to preclude government from imposing burdens that make religion worse off, but
subsidies for religion are equally impermissible because they would make
religion better off than it would otherwise be. The commands of the Free
Exercise and Establishment Clauses fit together, on this theory, by reflecting a
principled preference in favor of the status quo that exists before the
government interferes. The two clauses, in effect, converge on the status quo
from opposite directions.

   Professor Douglas Laycock, a prominent defender of the compelling interest
test (indeed, Laycock helped push RFRA through Congress and then represented
Archbishop Flores in the Supreme Court), makes one version of this argument.
Laycock calls his position "substantive neutrality."  n120 He writes that
religion "should proceed as unaffected by government as possible," and he
maintains that government policy must not provide persons with any incentive to
change their religious convictions.  n121 Professor Michael McConnell, another
of the compelling interest test's most prominent defenders, has offered very
similar arguments. Like Laycock, McConnell says that the state's obligation is
to leave religion unaffected by government. McConnell contends that "the
baseline . . . is the hypothetical world in which individuals make decisions
about religion on the basis of their own religious conscience, without the
influence of government."  n122 He continues:  [*116]  "The underlying principle
is that governmental action should have the minimum possible effect on religion,
consistent with achievement of the government's legitimate purposes."  n123

   In an article coauthored with Judge Richard Posner, McConnell characterizes
this position as demanding "incentive neutrality": government must avoid
enacting regulations which create "disincentives to religious choice."  n124 In
their jointly authored article, McConnell and Posner pay careful attention to
the connection between exemptions and subsidies. Much of their analysis is
consistent with our own. McConnell and Posner say that exempting religious
institutions from a burdensome regulation is equivalent to exempting them from a
tax,  n125 and that tax exemptions are equivalent to subsidies.  n126 They
conclude, "Exemption from burdens and inclusion in benefits are
indistinguishable in their economic effects."  n127 McConnell and Posner
recognize that these issues have to be handled by a single, consistent
principle.  n128 They believe that "incentive neutrality" is the principle of
choice.

   There are several serious difficulties with this school of positions, which
has at its nominal center the idea of "neutrality."  n129 The most important may
be the confusion between two different norms, a confusion which these positions
exploit and perpetuate. The first norm, which corresponds at least roughly to
what we have here and elsewhere described as the principle of equal regard, is
an antifavoritism principle, pursuant to which religious believers and religious
beliefs are to be treated no worse and no better that other persons and their
important personal commitments.  n130 The second norm, which corresponds at
least roughly to what we have elsewhere described as the principle of unimpaired
flourishing, is a principle of selective insularity, pursuant to which religious
believers  [*117]  are to be neither encouraged nor discouraged in the pursuit
of their beliefs by anything the government might choose to do.  n131 We can see
the elision of these two principles quite vividly in the following quote from
McConnell and Posner, which begins by trumpeting the principle of equal regard
and then quite mysteriously slides into the principle of unimpaired flourishing:



     The Establishment Clause forbids the government to use its power and
     fiscal resources to favor religion or religious institutions [and] the
     Free Exercise Clause forbids the government to use its power and
     resources to disfavor religion or religious institutions. The two
     provisions are complementary, together protecting religious choice
     from governmental interference whether in favor of a religion (or
     religion in general) or against it.  n132


The principle of equal regard has much to commend it, and we believe that it is
the essence of our constitutional commitment to religious liberty.  n133 But the
principle of unimpaired flourishing is normatively unattractive and both
conceptually and practically unworkable.  n134 Unfortunately, both "substantive
neutrality" and "incentive neutrality" -- the operational bottom lines for
Laycock and for McConnell and Posner, respectively -- are variations on the
principle of unimpaired flourishing, and suffer fully from that principle's
difficulties.

   To begin with, these approaches are emphatically not neutral with regard to
religion, but rather, thinly disguised preferences for religion in the form of a
cloak of functional immunity from the reach of state laws which the rest of us
are fully obliged to obey. So compare, for example, these cases: in case one, an
artist who has spent his entire creative career painting with acrylic paints of
a certain sort is badly interfered with by a state law banning the production or
sale of those paints on environmental grounds; in case two, the paints are
required to fulfill the divinely defined mission of the monks of a religious
order, who use those paints alone in the illustration of their manuscripts.
(Other obvious case-pairs  [*118]  come to mind: the same-sex couple who wish to
marry merely for love versus the same-sex couple under divine command to do so;
the landlord who is morally repelled by the unmarried cavortings of her tenants
versus her twin whose repugnance is driven by religious belief; the secular
charitable group which wishes to run a thriving soup kitchen in a residential
neighborhood versus a church group that wishes to do so. And so on.) Unimpaired
flourishing (in any of its forms, including "substantive neutrality" and
"incentive neutrality") radically favors religious motivation, by giving it and
it alone a presumptive immunity from state regulation. It is precisely this
favoritism which is normatively indefensible, and precisely this favoritism
which makes exemption seem so much like subsidy. Redescribing it as neutrality
does not solve the problem on either score.

   Even if we somehow ignore this fundamental and threshold difficulty of these
variations on unimpaired flourishing, fatal problems remain. Far from explaining
why the Constitution should treat exemptions and subsidies differently,
"incentive neutrality" (McConnell's and Posner's term) and "substantive
neutrality" (Laycock's term) leave us utterly unable to pronounce upon the
constitutionality of any particular exemption or subsidy. At the bottom of these
practical problems is a fundamental conceptual problem. The standards proposed
by McConnell and Laycock protect a status quo that existed before government
enacted some policy which has now become the subject of a constitutional
challenge. What constitutional reason is there to privilege the status quo?
After all, that status quo is itself constituted by a multitude of other laws,
most of which exert influence upon religious choices, and none of which can
claim, merely because they came first, to have some special relation to
religious freedom. According to McConnell and Laycock, the privilege they accord
to the status quo is designed to leave choices "unaffected by government." What
can they have in mind? Perhaps they suppose that "without government" churches
would enjoy common law property rights, unaffected by, for example, landmark
designation. So the argument might run, government cannot provide subsidies,
because that would favor religion beyond the common law baseline, but nor can
government impose regulatory burdens upon religion, for that, too, would torque
religion away from this "natural" state of affairs. But surely there is  [*119]
no good reason to constitutionally favor the common law in this fashion. And how
seriously would McConnell and Laycock have us take such an idea? Suppose a
church wanted landmark designation, as sometimes happens: would such a church be
denied that benefit on neutrality grounds?

   Perhaps McConnell and Laycock mean to steer clear of such glaring mistakes;
perhaps they mean to avoid treating the common law or the status quo as
privileged under the silly pretense that these states of affairs are "unaffected
by government." But what then could they mean to do? Presumably, they would have
to repair conceptually to some prepolitical state of nature. But it is difficult
even to state this view without lapsing into patent incoherence. It is all but
impossible to imagine a world in which religious choice is "unaffected by
government." Certainly St. Bart's could not sell its land in Manhattan for
millions of dollars in such a world, since property law in general, and the
Manhattan real estate market in particular, are exquisitely governmental
creations. Indeed, St. Bart's is the beneficiary not only of neutral principles
of property law, but of special zoning and tax exemptions that have often given
churches preferred status. To take the advice of McConnell and Laycock
seriously, we would have to imagine a world in which the Episcopal Church did
not have the opportunity to make a small fortune by building an office tower in
midtown Manhattan. Indeed, we would have to imagine a world in which the Church
could not rely upon police forces and civil courts to enforce its claim to
ownership of a particular parcel and a particular building. What would the
Episcopal Church do in these circumstances? Hard to say: perhaps it would open a
burger joint, since, in the absence of government, labor might be cheap and
demand for food high. Or perhaps it would organize a private army to crusade on
behalf of its rights (as it saw them). Or perhaps it would simply collapse; we
suspect that, in the absence of government, the life of a religious institution
is nasty, brutish, and short.

   Nor are these difficulties in any way special to cases about zoning or
economic disadvantage. Consider the facts of Smith: what choices about religion
would Alfred Smith and Galen Black -- the men who challenged Oregon's peyote law
-- have made in the absence of government? This seems a rather favorable case
for the test McConnell and Laycock propose; after all, Native Americans  [*120]
were ingesting peyote without legal restriction before the United States
government came into existence (although it would be intolerably ethnocentric to
pretend that the Native Americans made their choices in the absence of
government merely because they acted in the absence of our government).
Certainly Smith and Black would not have to worry about a criminal prosecution
-- without government, there are no crimes and no police. But Smith and Black
did not file their case because they had been prosecuted; they complained
because they had been fired from their jobs (as drug counselors) and denied
unemployment benefits.  n135 In the absence of government, unemployment
insurance schemes would either not exist or would be privately run; it is hard
to speculate about their terms. In any event, Smith and Black might still lose
their jobs by engaging in religiously motivated conduct: in the absence of
government, their employer might fire them for any reason, because without
government there are no antidiscrimination laws (and, indeed, to protect
themselves against workplace discrimination on the basis of religious belief,
Smith and Black would need not only government, but, indeed, a government that
is, by historical standards, relatively aggressive). These observations seem
sufficient to show the deficiencies of the standard McConnell and Laycock
propose; if we wanted to pile on the evidence, we might speculate about whether,
in light of the noxious side effects of peyote, Smith and Black might have acted
differently in the absence of government-regulated medical care, or whether, in
the absence of government police protection, Smith and Black might have feared
violent persecution on account of their unusual religious practices.

   The fact is that government inevitably, and quite desirably, influences
choices about religion. It provides security, resources, and stability without
which many forms of religious faith would be resoundingly difficult, if not
impossible, to pursue. It inculcates and enforces principles of morality -- such
as, for example, the principle that persons enjoy equal status regardless of
their race, faith, or sex, or the principle that speech should be free -- which
are more congenial to some religions than to others. It is sensible to demand,
[*121]  as the Smith Court did, that government not affect religious choices out
of hostility or insensitivity to the value of religious practice. But it is
unjust, unwise, and conceptually incoherent to demand that religion, or choices
about religion, should be "unaffected" by government.

   So the second strategy for explaining the tension between the Sherbert-Yoder
doctrine (which demands special privileges for religion) and Establishment
Clause doctrine (which precludes them) fails. Consider a third possibility.
Professor Abner Greene has attempted to explain the tension between these
doctrines as the result of a rough quid pro quo: in Greene's view, government
must exclude religious interests from political competition in order to avoid
divisive controversies that would otherwise result; the Sherbert-Yoder doctrine
balances this disadvantage by giving religious groups benefits which they might
fairly seek if they were allowed to participate fully in political debates. On
this view, the Free Exercise Clause gives back some of what the Establishment
Clause takes away.  n136

   Professor Greene's argument has not received the credit it deserves. Unlike
the brute argument from text and/or history and the deeply confused argument
from "neutrality," Greene's quid pro quo argument has the shape of a sensible
and compelling normative claim for privileging religiously motivated conduct. We
expect that diehard defenders of the RFRA approach will repair to some version
of his claim with increasing frequency. But to get started, Greene's argument
depends upon a view of the Establishment Clause which radically handicaps
religious speech and religious participation in politics. That view is unsound
in principle, inconsistent with recent Supreme Court decisions, and impossible
to implement in practice. Greene believes, for example, that the Supreme Court
should hold laws unconstitutional if legislators offered religious reasons for
supporting them.  n137 Greene thinks that these restrictions are necessary in
order to ensure that citizens deliberate together on the basis of shared,
mutually accessible rationales, rather than dividing on the basis of sectarian
convictions that  [*122]  depend for their cogency on contested theological
truths.  n138 We agree with Greene that public deliberations about policy and
political justice should, ideally, relate back to a shared core of common
premises, and that it is a matter of regret when public debate divides along
sectarian lines.  n139 But one cannot achieve the inclusiveness Greene favors by
gagging religious persons and interests in the way that he proposes: on the
contrary, doing so ensures that one group will feel itself excluded. Nor is
there any reason to think that civic debate can proceed upon shared, secular
premises only if religious institutions are excluded from the benefits of fairly
administered public subsidies; on the contrary, like-minded citizens might
choose to extend subsidies to religious institutions along with secular ones for
various, entirely secular reasons (including the desire to facilitate
intellectual and charitable activities of all kinds).

   * * *

   Scholars writing to defend the Sherbert-Yoder-RFRA application of the
compelling interest standard and to reconcile its endorsement of religious
privilege with the widely accepted view that religious subsidies would be flatly
unconstitutional as a violation of the Establishment Clause have exercised great
imagination and ingenuity. But they have undertaken the conceptually impossible.
The unduckable inconsistency of demanding exemptions while barring subsidies is
merely an artifact of a more general proposition: The privileging of religion is
normatively indefensible whatever form the privilege assumes.  n140 This is the
instinct which led the Court in the nearly three decades between Sherbert and
Smith to find reasons in one factual context after another to avoid giving
religious believers immunity from the laws the rest of us were obliged to obey;
it was this instinct and that experience which led the Court in Smith to
reconstruct the Sherbert doctrine, and, which, in turn, led the Court in Flores
to see Congress's enactment of RFRA as hostile rather than sympathetic to the
Court's understanding of religious liberty.

 [*123]  VI. TWO LOOKS FORWARD

A. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AFTER FLORES

   In Flores, six Justices affirmed the rejection by the Court in Smith of the
proposition that persons motivated by their deep religious beliefs enjoy a
presumptive constitutional right to disregard otherwise valid laws of general
application. One of those, Justice Stevens, would have gone further and held
that the attempt to confer such a sweeping right was itself violative of the
Establishment Clause. Flores, in this respect, is consistent with the general
thrust of the current Court's revisionary jurisprudence of religious liberty. In
both Establishment Clause and Free Exercise Clause cases, the Court has
increasingly emphasized that government's fundamental obligation is to treat all
deep personal commitments equally, regardless of whether those commitments are
secular or religious, mainstream or unusual. The Smith Court's reformulation of
Sherbert is an instance of this. So too are decisions in which the Court has
relaxed restrictions it had previously imposed upon the government's freedom to
include religious institutions among the beneficiaries of neutrally defined,
nonpreferential subsidy programs  n141 -- and even found constitutional reasons
to insist that a state-run college fund student religious activities along with
comparable secular ones.  n142 In effect, the Court is departing on the one side
from its nominal commitment to exceptional privilege and departing on the other
side from its wavering commitment to special disability, and converging toward a
view that normalizes religion and sees equal regard as the essence of religious
liberty.

   Indeed, less than two weeks before it decided Flores, the Court handed down
its decision in Agostini v Felton,  n143 overruling a twelve-year-old
restriction upon the means the states could use to  [*124]  facilitate remedial
education for disadvantaged students in parochial schools. Agostini was a
literal rerun of Aguilar v Felton.  n144 In Aguilar, a five-Justice majority of
the Court held that New York violated the Establishment Clause when it sent
remedial teachers paid with federal funds into paraochial school classrooms (as
well as classrooms in public schools and nonreligious private schools). The
Aguilar majority relied on the controversial "Lemon test," pursuant to which a
governmental act ran afoul of the Establishment clause if it had a religious
purpose, had the effect of advancing religion, or entangled the government with
religion.  n145 New York's attempt to avoid the advancement of religion by
monitoring the activities of the federally funded teachers was held to violate
the entanglement prong of Lemon.  n146

   In Agostini, the Court revisited exactly the same facts. In the interval,
four cases had reflected the Court's mounting doubts about the soundness of
Aguilar and possibly of the Lemon test itself. In Bowen v Kendrick,  n147 the
Court permitted the government to subsidize counseling programs run by religious
organizations. In 1993, the Court decided Zobrest v Catalina Hills School
District.  n148 The facts of Zobrest resembled those of Aguilar: federal law
required public school districts to aid handicapped students attending private
schools; an Arizona school district provided a signlanguage interpreter to
accompany a deaf student enrolled in a local Catholic school. Unlike in Aguilar,
the Justices held in Zobrest that no establishment resulted from sending the
publicly paid interpreter into the religious school; the Justices in the
majority distinguished Aguilar on the ground that the interpreter, unlike the
teachers in Zobrest, was doing nothing more than translating messages
originating from another speaker.  n149 If anybody thought this distinction
might permit Aguilar to endure alongside Zobrest, their expectations were dashed
only one year later when, in Kiryas Joel v Grumet,  n150 five Justices made
clear in dicta that they were ready  [*125]  to overrule Aguilar.  n151 In the
Court's next term, those five Justices took a step in that direction when they
decided Rosenberger v Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia.  n152
Rosenberger dealt with a University of Virginia policy which prohibited student
religious groups from drawing upon the university's student activities fund. A
student-run Christian newspaper challenged the rule on Free Exercise and Free
Speech grounds; the university defended by citing Establishment Clause concerns.
The Court agreed with the newspaper; its ruling had the obvious implication that
educational institutions were sometimes not only constitutionally permitted, but
indeed constitutionally obliged, to fund religious activities along with
comparable secular activities.

   Meanwhile, the New York City school system continued to operate under the
injunction issued pursuant to Aguilar. Dismayed by the expense of creating
"neutral sites"  n153 and encouraged by the developments in Kiryas Joel and
Rosenberger, the City filed a Rule 60(b)(5) motion seeking reconsideration of
the constitutional question decided in Aguilar. After the Second Circuit ruled
against the City on procedural grounds, the Court granted certiorari and
reversed. In light of what had been said in Kiryas Joel, it was obvious that, if
the Court reached the merits of the case, Aguilar would be overturned; the only
question was how broadly the Court would rule. Justice O'Connor, writing for the
Court, advanced both a broad and a narrow rationale for that outcome. The broad
claim was that the aid program in Aguilar avoided Establishment Clause programs
because it benefited religious institutions solely as the result of private
choices rather than because of a public decision to do so. New York's program
aided religious schools only to the  [*126]  extent that parents chose to send
their disadvantaged children to such schools. The New York program did not
provide parents with any special incentive to send their children to religious
rather secular schools. Therefore, Justice O'Connor said, the program neither
advanced nor endorsed religion.  n154 Justice O'Connor's opinion went on,
however, to highlight an additional feature of New York's program with narrower
implications: it did not contribute any dollars directly to the coffers of a
religious school or organization. New York sent teachers, not money, and the
teachers taught subjects that were "supplemental to the regular curricula" --
and so did not necessarily "'relieve sectarian schools of costs they would
otherwise have borne . . . .'"  n155

   This last point echoed the Court's opinion in Rosenberger, where Justice
Kennedy emphasized that Virginia's activity fund sent checks directly to the
creditors of student organizations, not to the organizations themselves --
hence, as in Agostini, no state dollars flowed into the coffers of the religious
beneficiary.  n156 Agostini's importance as a precedent depends upon whether the
Agostini majority in fact regards this limitation as a crucial feature of its
holding. Cases about tuition vouchers are percolating in the state courts:
courts in both Ohio and Wisconsin have entertained challenges to programs
offering tuition benefits to poor parents who wish to send their children to
either religious or secular private schools.  n157 Under the broadest principle
O'Connor articulated in Agostini -- pursuant to which no constitutional
violation exists if public benefits flow to religious schools as a result of
private choices -- the tuition voucher programs from Wisconsin and Ohio would
survive constitutional challenge, since parents decide whether to send their
[*127]  children to religious or secular schools. If, however, it matters
whether state dollars reach religious coffers, the case would go the other way:
unlike in Agostini and Rosenberger, there is no doubt that the voucher system
adds public money to the accounts of religious educational programs.

   Agostini and Rosenberger thus leave the Court with an "out"; it might retreat
from its apparent embrace of egalitarian principles and reinvigorate Lemon's
skepticism about any program that includes religious institutions among its
beneficiaries. We think that outcome unlikely, however; it is clear that
equality norms are exerting a powerful pull upon the Justices. To be sure, the
overlap between the majorities in the egalitarian Establishment Clause cases,
Agostini and Rosenberger, and the egalitarian Free Exercise Clause cases, Smith
and Flores, is not perfect. Justice Stevens joined the majorities in Smith and
Flores but dissented in Agostini and Rosenberger, while Justice O'Connor did
exactly the opposite. Justice Ginsburg, who was not on the Court when Smith was
decided, joined the majority in Flores but dissented in both Agostini and
Rosenberger.

   Nevertheless, there is a solid four-vote coalition -- consisting of
Rehnquist, Kennedy, Scalia, and Thomas -- driving both the Smith-Flores and
Rosenberger-Agostini lines of cases. Other Justices on the Court have also
endorsed the equality principles which, in our view, undergird the shifting face
of the Court's doctrine. Indeed, the positions of Stevens and O'Connor are
ironic, since they have been among the most vocal proponents of equality norms
in religious liberty cases.  n158 Any effort to construct a "view of the Court"
when disparate majorities prevail by one- or two-vote margins is uncertain, but
the Court's consistent emphasis upon equal treatment is unmistakable -- and, we
think, eminently sound.

   Flores is the latest manifestation of that emphasis. The Flores Court plainly
affirmed that part of Smith which rejected the sweeping exemption of religiously
motivated persons from otherwise valid laws. Flores may thus become the occasion
for a second round of misplaced despair. In the wake of Smith, extraordinary
prognostications  [*128]  about the death of religious liberty were made. For
example, Professor Douglas Laycock -- who helped to draft RFRA, and then
defended it before the Court in Flores -- made the remarkable claim that, given
Smith, "the legal framework for persecution is in place" and only "the political
will" is lacking.  n159 In an article provocatively titled "The Remnants of Free
Exercise" and published in this journal, Laycock speculated that, in light of
Smith, the Court might well uphold the City of Hialeah's prohibition upon ritual
sacrifice, an ordinance which he quite accurately described as an instance of
religious persecution.  n160 Less than one year later, Laycock helped lay his
own worries to rest, arguing Church of the Lukumi Babalu Aye v City of Hialeah
in the Supreme Court and emerging with a unanimous decision invalidating the
ordinance.  n161

   The emotional opposition to Smith may have been partly attributable to
Justice Scalia's rhetoric. Toward the end of his opinion for the Court, Justice
Scalia acknowledged that generally applicable laws may impose undesirable
burdens on religious practices, but, he said, it was up to legislatures to do
something about that problem -- and then he conceded that legislatures would
likely treat minority religions less well than mainstream ones.  n162 Scalia's
comments led some observers to think that, at least in the area of Free Exercise
law, the Court had abandoned its commitment to the Carolene Products doctrine,
n163 with its emphasis on solicitude for preferred freedoms and the interests of
discrete and insular minorities.  n164 These concerns have been compounded by
the palpable injustice of some government policies, apparently immune  [*129]
from challenge under Smith, which impose senseless burdens on religious belief
-- for example, laws that require routine autopsies in the face of religiously
motivated objections,  n165 or laws that require Amish farmers to install strobe
lights (rather than red lanterns) on the rear of their wagons.  n166 Here, then,
is proof of the bad consequences that follow when the Court refuses to bring
religious minorities under the Carolene Products umbrella.

   In fact, after Smith and Flores, religious minorities and religious practice
continue to receive the kind of special judicial solicitude which the Carolene
Products doctrine recommends. As we have already noticed, statutes that single
out religious practices for special burdens are subjected to even harsher
scrutiny than statutes that target communicative activity receive under the Free
Speech Clause. Indeed, while any law specifically targeting ritual practice
would receive strict scrutiny under Lukumi Babalu Aye, some laws singling out
communicative behavior -- such as, for example, time, place, and manner
regulations -- receive less demanding scrutiny.  n167 In that respect, the
post-Smith Court actually gives Free Exercise claims better treatment than it
gives Free Speech claims. Religious discrimination is, moreover, no less suspect
than racial discrimination. If anything, federal courts appear more willing to
look for disparate impact discrimination under the Free Exercise Clause than
they are in race discrimination cases under the Equal Protection Clause.  n168
Consider: in Keeler v Mayor and City Council of Cumberland, a federal district
court exempted a church from a local landmarking ordinance, claiming that the
ordinance was constitutionally defective because it contained exemptions for
financial hardship but not religious hardship;  n169 in Rader v Johnston, a
federal district court found evidence of discrimination when the University of
Nebraska granted various freshmen the privilege of living  [*130]  off campus
but denied permission to a religious student who wished to live in a Christian
residence;  n170 in Fraternal Order of Police v City of Newark, a federal
district court said that if the Newark police department permitted officers to
wear beards to avoid skin rashes, then it must also permit officers to wear
beards to satisfy religious obligations.  n171

   Of course, Scalia is right that, after Smith, it will usually be up to
legislatures to provide religious persons and institutions with relief from
generally applicable laws that impose unnecessary incidental burdens upon their
religiously motivated practices. But that is equally true of generally
applicable laws that impose unnecessary incidental burdens upon communicative
practices. And, in general, American legislatures are sensitive to this
obligation because they respect the importance of individual liberty. Indeed,
the reason we feel such a strong sense of injustice when confronted with the
offensive stories about autopsies and fluorescent triangles is that we know that
legislatures would usually provide exemptions to avoid such impositions on
deeply held commitments -- and we suspect that the legislature's failure (or
some administrator's failure) to do so in these cases is the result of
discrimination or hostility.

   One might reasonably criticize Smith for failing to provide adequate
constitutional protection against failures of equal regard that may occur under
the guise of facially neutral, generally applicable laws -- and, indeed, we have
ourselves criticized Smith in exactly these terms. But these sorts of criticisms
should not lead one to embrace the compelling interest standard, which is too
blunt and too invasive to serve as a sensible vehicle for identifying instances
of disparate impact or disparate treatment. Friends of religious liberty,
whatever other views they might hold, ought not to lament the passing of that
test. Indeed, the post-Smith decisions in Keeler, Rader, and Fraternal Order of
Police are at least as favorable as what litigants would have received under
Sherbert's tough-talking but ultimately toothless regime. There is no evidence
that the federal courts since Smith have become less kind to Free Exercise
claims;  [*131]  it is even possible that they have become more sympathetic.
n172 None of this is surprising. If taken seriously, Sherbert's compelling
interest standard would have made outrageous impositions upon the ability of the
states to govern effectively. Given the unhappy choice between applying that
standard or rejecting Free Exercise claims, courts took the latter option. Smith
freed them to begin developing a jurisprudence that is at once more sensible and
more sensitive to genuine claims of religious liberty. RFRA placed all this at
jeopardy once again. Flores -- at least as regards state law -- has restored the
opportunity for the development of a sensible and attractive jurisprudence of
religious liberty.

B. THE FUTURE OF RFRA, "LITTLE RFRAS," AND MORE SENSIBLE FORMS OF RELIGIOUS
ACCOMMODATION

   RFRA applied to the federal government as well as to the states. Although
Congress needed to invoke the Fourteenth Amendment's Enforcement Clause in order
to justify RFRA's application to the states, Congress would presumably rely on
other sources of authority with respect to federal applications. Exactly how
this argument would be made is unclear; since RFRA slices through every sector
of the federal code, Congress would probably have to rely upon all of its
enumerated powers (RFRA makes exceptions to congressional statutes enacted under
the Bankruptcy Power, the Commerce Power, the Post Roads Power, and so on;
hence, Congress has power to enact RFRA under the Bankruptcy Power, the Commerce
Power, the Post Roads Power, and so on).

   The Supreme Court did not explicitly decide the fate of RFRA's federal
applications. One case -- Sullivan v Sasnett  n173 -- applying RFRA to federal
law was pending when the Court decided Flores; the Court vacated the holding and
remanded the case to the Seventh Circuit for reconsideration in light of its
decision in Flores.  n174 The Seventh Circuit will have to decide, among other
things, whether the federal law applications of RFRA are severable from  [*132]
the state law applications. If so, that court, and others confronting RFRA's
federal law applications, will have to address two constitutional questions left
open by Flores: whether RFRA violates the Establishment Clause and whether it
impermissibly encroaches upon judicial authority.  n175 If state legislatures
enact their own "little RFRAs," as some interest groups would like them to do,
the Establishment Clause question will be on the table there as well.

   Does the Court's position in Smith and Flores presage the conclusion that
RFRA is unconstitutional under the Establishment Clause? Certainly there is
pressure in that direction. The Court has already held, in Texas Monthly, Inc. v
Bullock  n176 and Thornton v Caldor,  n177 that special exemptions for religious
believers may violate the Establishment Clause. RFRA, however it is interpreted,
creates some special privileges for religious believers. The remaining question
is whether the "constitutional anomaly" of RFRA's stark privileging of religious
believers rises to the level of an Establishment Clause violation.

   For some of the Justices in the Flores majority, the answer to this question
might depend upon how RFRA is interpreted. Flores involved a facial challenge to
RFRA's constitutionality; neither the trial court nor the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit had an opportunity to address any issues of statutory
interpretation. As we have already discussed, some of those issues are quite
important. For example, a narrowing construction of RFRA's "substantial burden"
language could significantly reduce the statute's scope. In his Flores opinion,
Justice Kennedy speculated that the "compelling interest standard" might perhaps
be interpreted to require "intermediate scrutiny" -- a delightful
Alice-in-Wonderland-conclusion that would no doubt launch a thousand law review
articles about the indeterminacy of legal language! -- in which case he thought
it possible that RFRA's greatest evil might be the imposition of "a heavy
litigation burden" (rather than, we might suppose, the creation of special
privileges that violate the Establishment  [*133]  Clause).  n178 Given a heroic
narrowing construction, some of the Justices in the Flores majority might be
willing to regard RFRA's special privileges as too minimal to deserve the
Court's attention under the Establishment Clause.

   This would be a mistake. The Court will find it impossible to draw a
principled line between benefits for religion that are "small enough" and those
that are "too big." Any application of an across-the-board exemptions doctrine,
like the one RFRA and Sherbert prescribed, will be ad hoc and unpredictable --
not because of judicial incompetence or shifting coalitions on the Court, but
because there is simply no coherent, privilege-based view of religious liberty
to guide its application. Under current Establishment Clause jurisprudence, any
subsidy, no matter how small, directed solely to religious institutions would
presumably be unconstitutional. There would be no way for the Court to explain
why tiny favors were permissible when they took the form of exemptions but not
when they took the form of subsidies. The Court would reinvent all the
inconsistencies of Sherbert and Lemon, for exactly the same reasons, and with
the same inevitable outcome -- an incoherent hodgepodge of distinctions, doomed
to eventual abandonment.

   The only sensible way to review legislative accommodations for religious
practice under the Establishment Clause is to ask whether they are reasonable
prophylactic measures to guard against otherwise unreachable instances of
discrimination, hostility, or insensitivity to religious belief. That is exactly
the question Justice Kennedy asked when testing RFRA against the limits of
Section 5.  n179 He rightly concluded that RFRA sweeps too broadly to survive
scrutiny. It defies common sense to presume that every incidental burden on
religious liberty results from hostility or insensitivity to religious
conviction. Indeed, in many areas of the law, religious interests are, if
anything, specially favored. Zoning regulation, a specific target of RFRA and a
likely focus of any state-enacted "little RFRAs," is a good example. Many zoning
ordinances contain special exemptions available to all churches, but only to
churches. Some of these benefits are, in our judgment, patent violations of
[*134]  the Establishment Clause. No doubt zoning administrators sometimes abuse
their authority to harm unpopular churches. But that problem is not usefully
attacked by extending all churches -- no matter how rich, how powerful, or how
favored in the law -- a blanket writ to challenge the zoning ordinances which
every other citizen and institution must respect.

   Whatever the fate of federal RFRA, nothing in Flores should prevent either
Congress or the states from enacting more nuanced protections for religious
commitments. Those protections might include laws designed to alleviate
disparate impact discrimination, and specific prophylactic rules designed to
prevent discrimination not easily detected and proven. The Court's opinion in
Flores is quite clear that, from the standpoint of Congress's Section 5
authority, either of these alternatives would survive the objections that proved
fatal to RFRA.

   Nor would such laws encounter Establishment Clause barriers. That, we think,
is the right lesson to draw from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop v Amos,
n180 where the Supreme Court upheld, against an Establishment Clause challenge,
provisions exempting churches and other religious employers from the scope of
federal law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of religious belief. The
immunity extended to religious organizations by those provisions is, we believe,
in service of a more general constitutional right of association enjoyed by
secular and religious organizations alike. Government may not prohibit citizens
from forming predominantly noncommercial organizations, or from selecting
leaders and policy-makers within those organizations, on the basis of exclusive
principles.  n181 As the facts of Amos illustrate,  n182 Title VII's exemption
reaches further than any constitutional right of privacy would go; it permits
churches to discriminate even with regard to employees who have no religiously
significant role to play. Nevertheless, Congress might plausibly have concluded
that collisions between Title VII and the organizational policy of churches
would be frequent; that these collisions would have been factually complex
[*135]  because of the difficulty of figuring out which jobs have sacral
significance within a particular religion; and, hence, that absent a sharp,
bright-line rule, churches would be subject to litigation burdens and
inconsistent decisions that other organizations would not have to bear. The rule
in Amos is a plausible prophylactic rule, designed to avoid otherwise
unreachable discrimination against churches, and that is the best way to explain
the Court's decision in Amos.

   It is also the best way to reconcile Amos with the Court's decisions in
Thornton and Texas Monthly. Together, those three decisions suggest that the
Court will uphold legislative accommodations for religion if they are reasonable
prophylactic measures to guard against otherwise unreachable instances of
discrimination, hostility, or insensitivity to religious belief. The power to
enact such accommodations is quite important. When Congress has paid serious
attention to religious liberty, rather than grandstanding in the way it did with
RFRA, it has used narrow exemptions crafted to target probable instances of
discrimination. Examples of such actions include a law passed to accommodate
religious clothing in the military,  n183 another passed to protect Native
American peyote rituals against state and federal controlled substance laws,
n184 and the withdrawl of funding for a Forest Service road that would have
defiled an Indian burial ground.  n185

   In addition to the Establishment Clause issues left unexamined in Flores,
there remains the separation of powers issue. We and others have suggested that
RFRA impermissibly prescribes a rule for decision by judges, directing them to
interpret legal language in a fashion contrary to their own best judgment. In
our hands, this argument builds upon the Court's old, and cryptic, decision in
United States v Klein;  n186 it requires, among other things, that one
distinguish between the mere specification of a new statutory standard (which,
obviously, Congress does every time it passes a law) and the imposition of a
particular construction of other laws  [*136]  (in this case, the Free Exercise
Clause). Yet RFRA is obviously not an ordinary statute. The most formal account
of RFRA's peculiarity would emphasize Congress's decision to foist upon the
judiciary a test that it had deemed unworkable. Congress identified the
"compelling interest" test as an artifact from the Court's past cases;
implicitly acknowledged that the Court had rejected the test as unworkable;
stipulated, by legislative fiat, that the test was "workable";  n187 and forced
it back upon the judiciary without any further elaboration of its meaning. In
brief, Congress simply told the judiciary to do something it knew the judiciary
had declared to be impossible. That is not the way Congress ordinarily
legislates, and there is no justification for it to do so.

   This formal and relatively narrow fault reflects a more fundamental defect in
the statute. RFRA conscripts the federal judiciary in an elaborate
constitutional charade. The judiciary is obliged to look for a traditional
constitutional trigger, and when it is present to apply a traditional
constitutional test. Not just any test, of course, but a test which it has found
both normatively indefensible and utterly unworkable. This is not ordinary
legislation but the enactment of a shadow constitution, with the judiciary
obliged to play an unwilling supportive role.

VII. CONCLUSION

   RFRA embraced one of the most striking notions in all of constitutional
discourse: the idea that religiously motivated persons and groups are to a
considerable degree sovereigns among us -- that they enjoy the license to
disregard legal restraints and burdens that other Americans must respect. Were
this claim to succeed, it might be the case that religiously motivated parents
were constitutionally entitled to educate their children at home, but that other
parents were not; that religiously motivated landlords were entitled to
discriminate among tenants on grounds of race, gender, or sexual orientation,
while other landlords were not; that religiously motivated persons of the same
sex could marry, but that others could not; or that churches or other religious
organizations were free to disregard the historic preservation or zoning
restrictions that bind everyone else in their communities.

    [*137]  If it is possible at all to find a respectable pedigree for this
idea, it may trace to the seductive if enigmatic idea that the Constitution
erects a "wall of separation" between church and state.  n188 The metaphor of
separation suggested to some that religion ought to flourish or decline
unimpaired by government policies or political values; hence the judiciary ought
to enable religious actors to practice their faiths unconstrained even by
democratically enacted laws that everybody else must obey. The idea of
separation exerted a powerful pull on the Supreme Court's Establishment Clause
jurisprudence, where it invited skepticism about any program that sent
government aid to churches or, especially, religious schools: religion ought to
grow or shrink uninfluenced by government largesse and political power.

   Separation has always existed in uneasy tension with another powerful vision
of religious liberty, one based upon the equality of persons. From the
standpoint of equality, neither the Court's dogmatic opposition to aid for
religious interests nor its occasional willingness to privilege believers with
special exemptions made any sense. Why should the law privilege religious
believers with exemptions unavailable for comparably serious secular
commitments? The Supreme Court acknowledged the force of this point in various
ways. For example, in United States v Seeger,  n189 Thornton,  n190 and Texas
Monthly,  n191 the Court either modified or struck down laws giving special
privileges to religious believers. But the Court's most impressive, if tacit,
acknowledgment of the equality principle was its toothless application of
Sherbert's compelling state interest. In one case after another, the Justices
found ways to duck the test and deny exemptions to claimants who sought to cash
in on Sherbert's expansive promise.

    [*138]  Conversely, from the standpoint of equality, it was hard to see why
churches should not be eligible for government benefits on the same terms as
comparable secular enterprises, including, for example, private schools and
secular charities. In Everson v Ewing Township Bd. of Education,  n192 at the
very outset of the Court's Establishment Clause jurisprudence, Justice Black
noted that it would be unfair to deny churches and religious schools the benefit
of publicly funded police and fire protection;  n193 no opponent of public aid
for religious education has ever been dogmatic enough to contest that point.
Black's concession effectively foreshadowed the unhappy career of the Lemon
test, in which the Court struggled to distinguish between invalid policies which
"advanced religion" and permissible policies which merely made religious
institutions incidental beneficiaries of subsidies aimed at some secular goal
(such as police protection, fire safety, or cheap transportation).  n194

   Since 1990, the Supreme Court's religious liberty jurisprudence has undergone
a fundamental change. The unstable mix of separation and equality has given way
to a jurisprudence emphatically centered upon equality. The transition is
manifest in the demise of separation's two doctrinal avatars, the Lemon and
Sherbert tests. Lemon has passed quietly, ignored rather than overruled in cases
like Rosenberger and Agostini. Sherbert's compelling state interest standard, in
contrast, met an operatic end, dying loudly and at great length.

   These developments have been widely noticed. Several scholars have called
attention to the developing unity between the Court's Free Exercise and
Establishment Clause jurisprudence; some have recognized that equality is
beginning to achieve doctrinal primacy over separation.  n195 Most of these
treatments have, however, assumed  [*139]  that the separation model was an
attractive, or at least coherent, model for some portions of the Court's
jurisprudence. That is a mistake, and a bad one. In this article, we have
insisted upon two points. First, the Constitution's Free Exercise and
Establishment Clauses are conceptually integrated. The Supreme Court's cases
under the two clauses are converging upon a single principle neither because of
methodological whim nor because of political choice, but rather because the two
lines of cases raise the same issues. Second, the separation model was both
normatively indefensible and practically unworkable. If the Court is ever to
achieve a coherent doctrine in this troubled field, it has to reject that model
and the doctrinal tests -- Lemon and Sherbert -- that go with it.

   Congress took up the banner of RFRA much too quickly, and in so doing set
itself on a collision course with a Supreme Court that had over the course of
several decades worked itself slowly clear of a deeply misguided paradigm of
religious liberty. Flores is the result. Seen in its best and most plausible
light, Flores's view of congressional authority under Section 5 of the
Fourteenth Amendment is reasonable, and presages little if any meaningful change
from the generous posture of deference that has prevailed since Katzenbach.
Congress has an important role to play in policing state and federal conduct for
instances of hostility or indifference to the important interests of religious
believers. Until its misadventure with RFRA, Congress played that role with
alacrity and good sense. There may be circumstances under which it will be
necessary for Congress to go to war with the Court; but RFRA was the wrong fight
to pick, and Congress would be well advised to let matters rest where they are,
and to return to this far more attractive role with regard to religious liberty.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil Rights LawCivil Rights ActsReligious Freedom Restoration
ActGovernmentsFederal GovernmentElectionsGovernmentsFederal GovernmentU.S.
Congress

FOOTNOTES:




n1  374 U.S. 398 (1963).




n2  Id at 403 (internal quotation marks omitted).




n3  The four cases are Wisconsin v Yoder, 406 U.S. 205 (1972); Thomas v Review
Bd of the Indiana Empl. Sec. Division, 450 U.S. 707 (1981); Hobbie v
Unemployment Appeals Commission of Florida, 480 U.S. 136 (1987); and Frazee v
Illinois Department of Empl. Sec., 489 U.S. 829 (1989). All but Yoder involved
claims for unemployment insurance benefits.




n4  We review Sherbert's legacy in Section III. We have done so in more detail
in Christopher L. Eisgruber and Lawrence G. Sager, Why the Religious Freedom
Restoration Act Is Unconstitutional, 69 NYU L Rev 437, 445-48 (1994), and
Christopher L. Eisgruber and Lawrence G. Sager, The Vulnerability of Conscience:
The Constitutional Basis for Protecting Religious Conduct, 61 U Chi L Rev 1245,
1246-47, 1273-82 (1994). We extended our theoretical framework to other
religious liberty issues in Christopher L. Eisgruber and Lawrence G. Sager,
Unthinking Religious Freedom, 74 Tex L Rev 577 (1996).




n5  494 U.S. 872 (1990).




n6  Id at 879 (quoting United States v Lee, 455 U.S. 252, 263 n 3 (1982)
(Stevens concurring)).




n7  42 USC §§ 2000bb-2000bb-4 (1994).




n8  Id § 2000bb-1(a)-(b).




n9  The Senate and House Reports on RFRA both characterized the statute as an
exercise of power granted Congress by Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment.
Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993, S Rep No 103-111, 103d Cong, 1st Sess
13-14 (1993); Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993, HR Rep No 103-88, 103d
Cong, 1st Sess at 9 (1993).




n10  117 S Ct 2157 (1997).




n11  House of Representatives Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the
Constitution, Hearing on "Protecting Religious Freedom after Boerne v Flores,"
July 14, 1997. When this article was prepared, testimony from witnesses who
appeared at the hearing was available on the Internet at
http://www.house.gov/judiciary/222302.htm. The testimony is reported in Linda
Greenhouse, Laws Are Urged to Protect Religion, New York Times A15 (July 15,
1997).




n12  Oliver Thomas, who is Special Counsel for Religious and Civil Liberties to
the National Council of the Churches of Christ in the USA, offered Congress an
especially extreme instance of this view. In testimony presented shortly after
the Court decided Flores, Thomas said,


     The Supreme Court's decision to strike down the Religious Freedom
     Restoration Act (RFRA) is a blow not only to the sovereignty of the
     Congress but to the American people as well. As the Dred Scott
     decision of a century ago was for African-Americans, so City of Boerne
     v. Flores is for religious Americans today. But, as with Dred Scott,
     Americans working together will overcome this setback to freedom.

   At the time this article was prepared, Thomas's testimony was available
on-line at http://www.house.gov/judiciary/222305.htm. See also, e.g., Clarence
Page, Keeping the Faith: Religious Freedom Act Could Turn Into Worthy Amendment
Scheme, Chicago Tribune 19 (July 2, 1997).




n13  For congressional testimony and newspaper articles, see, e.g., sources
cited in nn 11 & 12. An influential law review article written from a similar
perspective is Douglas Laycock, The Religious Freedom Restoration Act, 1993 BYU
L Rev 221.




n14  384 U.S. 641 (1966).




n15  117 S Ct at 2171.




n16  384 U.S. 641 (1966).




n17  Lassiter v Northampton Election Bd., 360 U.S. 45 (1959).




n18  384 US at 648.




n19  Id.




n20  17 U.S. 316 (1819).




n21  384 US at 650-51.




n22  Id at 652-53.




n23  Id at 653-54.




n24  Id at 651 n 10.




n25  400 U.S. 112 (1970).




n26  Id at 141-44 (Douglas opinion); id at 248-49 (Brennan opinion).




n27  Id at 204-09 (Harlan opinion); id at 295-96 (Stewart opinion).




n28  Id at 123-24 (Black opinion).




n29  Id at 129 (Black opinion).




n30  117 S Ct at 2164.




n31  Id at 2163-64.




n32  Id at 2170.




n33  Id at 2171.




n34  Id at 2171-72.




n35  Id at 2176 (O'Connor dissenting).




n36  Id at 2186 (Souter dissenting); id (Breyer dissenting).




n37  Eisgruber and Sager, 69 NYU L Rev at 452-60 (cited in note 4).




n38  117 S Ct at 2172 (Stevens concurring) (arguing that RFRA violated the
Establishment Clause). No other Justice in the majority addressed the
Establishment Clause issue.




n39  Id at 2164.




n40  117 S Ct at 2164-66.




n41  Id at 2167-68.




n42  Id (internal quotation marks omitted).




n43  There are a number of models which explain how Congress and the judiciary
can share authority to interpret the Constitution without either endangering
constitutional supremacy or losing the benefits of effective judicial review.
Some of these theories are described in Laurence H. Tribe, American
Constitutional Law 342-50 (2d ed 1988).




n44  This view is often associated with William Cohen, Congressional Power to
Interpret Due Process and Equal Protection, 27 Stan L Rev 603 (1975).




n45  The theory was first articulated in Lawrence G. Sager, Fair Measure: The
Legal Status of Underenforced Constitutional Norms, 91 Harv L Rev 1212 (1978).
The theory is elaborated further in Lawrence G. Sager, Justice in Plain Clothes:
Reflections on the Thinness of Constitutional Law, 88 Nw U L Rev 410 (1993).




n46  Eisgruber and Sager, 69 NYU L Rev 437 (cited in note 4).




n47  Id at 462-64.




n48  Id at 462 & n 87.




n49  Katzenbach, 384 US at 668 (Harlan dissenting); Mitchell, 400 US at 204-05 &
n 86 (Harlan opinion).




n50  383 U.S. 301 (1966).




n51  427 U.S. 445 (1976).




n52  446 U.S. 156 (1980).




n53  See 117 S Ct at 2170 (characterizing South Carolina v Katzenbach and City
of Rome v United States as cases involving remedial legislation); see also id at
2163 (quoting, with approval, from Fitzpatrick v Bitzer). South Carolina and
Rome are Fifteenth Amendment cases rather than Fourteenth Amendment cases; the
Flores Court, like past courts, drew no important distinctions between the two
lines of cases, and cited them interchangeably.




n54  Id at 2163 (quoting Fitzpatrick, 427 US at 455).




n55  Id at 2164.




n56  Id at 2169 ("preventive rules are sometimes appropriate remedial measures.
. . .").




n57  Id at 2170.




n58  384 US at 651 (internal quotation marks omitted).




n59  117 S Ct at 2169.




n60  Smith, 494 US at 886; see Flores, 117 S Ct at 2161 ("application of the
Sherbert test would have produced an anomaly in the law").




n61  117 S Ct at 2171.




n62  Sherbert, 374 US at 403.




n63  Thomas v Review Board of the Indiana Employment Security Division, 450 U.S.
707 (1981); Hobbie v Unemployment Appeals Commission of Florida, 480 U.S. 136
(1987); and Frazee v Illinois Department of Employment Security, 489 U.S. 829
(1989).

   The Smith Court maintained -- and the Flores Court agreed -- that Sherbert
and the other three unemployment benefits cases stood for "the proposition that
where the State has in place a system of individual exemptions, it may not
refuse to extend that system to cases of religious hardship without compelling
reason." Smith, 494 US at 884 (internal quotation marks omitted), quoted in
Flores, 117 S Ct at 2161. We agree; see Eisgruber and Sager, 69 NYU L Rev at 450
n 49 (cited in note 4), and Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev at 1287-89
(cited in note 4).




n64  406 U.S. 205.




n65  475 US 503 (1986).




n66  Id at 506-07.




n67  485 US 439 (1988).




n68  Id at 448-49.




n69  455 US 252 (1982).




n70  Id at 258-60.




n71  Id at 262 (Stevens concurring).




n72  See generally James E. Ryan, Smith and the Religious Freedom Restoration
Act: An Iconoclastic Assessment, 78 Va L Rev 1407 (1992) (describing the poor
track record of Free Exercise claims in the federal courts of appeals); see also
EEOC v Townley Engineering & Mfg Co., 859 F2d 610, 625-29 (9th Cir 1988) (Noonan
dissenting) (surveying Free Exercise decisions by the federal courts).




n73  Gerald Gunther, The Supreme Court, 1971 Term -- Foreward: In Search of
Evolving Doctrine on a Changing Court: A Model for a Newer Equal Protection, 86
Harv L Rev 1, 8 (1972).




n74  Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev at 1247 (cited in note 4).




n75  Many of RFRA's proponents hoped that the statute would generate a
jurisprudence more vigorous than had existed before Smith. See, e.g., Thomas C.
Berg, What Hath Congress Wrought? An Interpretive Guide to the Religious Freedom
Restoration Act, 39 Vill L Rev 1, 26 (1994) ("RFRA does . . . more than wipe
Smith itself off the books"); Michael Stokes Paulsen, A RFRA Runs Through It:
Religious Freedom and the U.S. Code, 56 Mont L Rev 249, 256 (1995) ("RFRA does
not 'codify' the late pre-Smith approach and is, in legal effect, far more than
a mere restoration of pre-Smith case law").

   Most RFRA courts, however, believed themselves bound by pre-Smith precdent.
Several judges cited to the Senate Report on RFRA, which provided that "the
compelling interest test generally should not be construed more stringently or
more leniently than it was prior to Smith." S Rep No 103-111, 103d Cong, 1st
Sess 9 (1993). Smith v Fair Employment and Housing Commission, 12 Cal 4th 1143,
1166, 913 P2d 909, 922 (Cal 1996); American Life League, Inc. v Reno 47 F3d 642,
655, n 6 (4th Cir 1995). But see Smith v Fair Employment and Housing Commission,
12 Cal 4th at 1231-32, 913 P2d at 966 (Baxter concurring and dissenting)
(arguing that pre-Smith law was relevant only insofar as it was faithful to the
spirit of Sherbert and Yoder). On the other hand, the Flores Court itself
maintained that RFRA imposed "a least restrictive means requirement . . . that
was not used in the pre-Smith jurisprudence RFRA purported to codify." 117 S Ct
at 2171.




n76  42 USC § 2000bb(b)(1).




n77  Compare 42 USC § 2000bb(a)(5) (1994) (referencing "prior Federal court
rulings") with HR 2797, 102d Cong, 1st Sess § 2(a)(5) (June 26, 1991)
(referencing Sherbert and Yoder) and S 2969, 102d Cong, 2d Sess § 2(a)(5) (July
2, 1992) (same). For further discussion, see Eisgruber and Sager, 69 NYU L Rev
at 451 (cited in note 4).




n78  See, e.g., Smith v Fair Employment and Housing Commission, 12 Cal 4th 1143,
913 P2d 909 (Cal 1996). In Smith, a religiously motivated landlord sought an
exemption from laws prohibiting housing discrimination against unmarried
couples; the California Supreme Court, by a 4-3 vote, rejected the exemption
claim. A three-judge plurality found no "substantial burden" on the landlord's
exercise of religion, 12 Cal 4th at 1175-76, 913 P2d at 928-29. One judge found
RFRA unconstitutional, 12 Cal 4th at 1179, 913 P2d at 931 (Mosk concurring). An
intermediate appellate court had granted the claim. See also Swanner v Anchorage
Equal Rights Com'n, 874 P2d 274, 279-80 (Alaska 1994), cert denied 115 S Ct 460
(denying a similar claim by a landlord on the ground that the state had a
compelling interest in prohibiting discrimination). But see Attorney General v
Desilets, 418 Mass 316, 330-32, 636 NE2d 233, 241 (Mass 1994) (requiring that
the state either provide factual evidence of a compelling interest, or else
excuse religiously motivated landlords from the obligation to rent to unmarried
couples).




n79  See, e.g., In re Young, 82 F3d 1407 (8th Cir 1996) (granting exemption); In
Re Tessier, 190 Bankr 396 (Bankr D Mont 1995) (interpreting RFRA to grant
exemption, but holding RFRA unconstitutional); In re Newman, 183 Bankr 239
(Bankr D Kan 1995) (refusing, on statutory grounds, to grant the exemption).




n80  Prisoner complaints posed especially tricky questions about the
relationship between pre-Smith and post-RFRA jurisprudence. On the one hand,
RFRA's proponents had successfully rebuffed efforts to codify the rule of O'Lone
v Estate of Shabazz, 482 US 342, 349 (1987), which had exempted prisons from the
scope of Sherbert's compelling interest standard. On the other hand, one might
reconstruct O'Lone as an application of Sherbert's stunningly flexible
"compelling interest" standard: O'Lone might stand for the proposition that the
state's interest in maintaining order in prison was, in all circumstances,
"compelling." Confronted with the prospect of sorting through imaginative and
numerous claims from prisoners, most courts were hestitant to abandon O'Lone's
deferential standard. Thus, for example, the Eighth Circuit purported to
reconcile "heightened scrutiny" with "deference to prison officials": "both
pre-O'Lone Supreme Court case law and the relevant legislative history indicate
that a court applying RFRA must give due deference to the expertise of prison
officials in establishing regulations to maintain prison safety and security,
even when the court applies a "heightened standard of review." Hamilton v
Schriro, 74 F3d 1545, 1554 (1996). The Congressional debate about O'Lone is
summarized in Douglas Laycock and Oliver S. Thomas, Interpreting the Religious
Freedom Restoration Act, 73 Tex L Rev 209, 239-43 (1994).




n81  Soup kitchen cases included Stuart Circle Parish v Zoning Appeals, 946 F
Supp 1225 (ED Va 1996) (granting a temporary restraining order to prevent
Richmond from enforcing its zoning ordinances against church-run feeding
program); Western Presbyterian Church v Board of Zoning Adjustment, 862 F Supp
538, 546 (D DC 1994) (exempting church-run soup kitchen from Washington, DC,
zoning ordinance); Daytona Rescue Mission, Inc v City of Daytona Beach, 885 F
Supp 1554, 1560 (MD Fla 1995) (refusing to exempt church-run feeding program
from Daytona zoning ordinance). The Daytona Rescue Mission court, unlike the
other two courts, held that the zoning ordinances imposed no "substantial
burden" on religious practice because churches could relocate their feeding
programs to appropriately zoned neighborhoods. 885 F Supp at 1560.

   Flores itself was, of course, among the historic preservation cases litigated
under RFRA. In two other cases -- First United Methodist v Hearing Examiner, 129
Wash 2d 238; 916 P2d 374 (Wash 1996), and Keeler v Mayor & City Council of
Cumberland, 940 F Supp 879 (D Md 1996) -- courts relied on post-Smith Free
Exercise Clause doctrine, rather than RFRA, to grant churches relief from
historic preservation statutes. The Keeler court had found RFRA unconstitutional
in an earlier ruling in the same case. Keeler v Mayor & City Council of
Cumberland, 928 F Supp 591 (D Md 1996).




n82  RFRA's impact appeared especially great in prison cases and zoning cases;
see, e.g., cases cited in the two notes preceding this one. RFRA claims were,
however, succeeding in other settings as well; see, e.g., In re Young, 82 F3d
1407 (bankruptcy case discussed in note 81 and accompanying text); Cheema v
Thompson, 67 F3d 883, 886 (9th Cir 1995) (upholding injunction which permitted
young Sikh children to wear ceremonial knives when attending school).




n83  Smith, 494 US at 885.




n84  Id at 888.




n85  Id at 889 n 5.




n86  Id at 886.




n87  117 S Ct at 2161 (reiterating Smith's analysis).




n88  We explored this point at length in Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev
1245 (cited in note 4); the arguments that follow offer another path to the
conclusions we proposed in our earlier argument.




n89  See cases cited in note 81.




n90  Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev at 1254-82 (cited in note 4).




n91  Id at 1250-54, 1282-84.




n92  Eisgruber and Sager, 74 Tex L Rev at 586, 602, and 607-08 (cited in note
4); Christopher L. Eisgruber, The Constitutional Value of Assimilation, 96 Colum
L Rev 87, 96-98 (1996).




n93  See, e.g., cases cited in note 81.




n94  117 S Ct at 2177 (O'Connor dissenting) (citing zoning disputes as evidence
of the need for RFRA).




n95  Id at 2169 (citing to House and Senate hearings). See also Simon J.
Santiago, Comment -- Zoning and Religion: Will the Religious Freedom Restoration
Act of 1993 Shift the Line Toward Religious Liberty, 45 Am U L Rev 200, 201-02
(1995) (collecting evidence to show that zoning disputes involving churches were
"often cited to muster congressional support for RFRA"); Berg, 39 Vill L Rev at
55 & nn 243-44 (arguing that RFRA's supporters were specially concerned with the
impact of zoning restrictions upon churches) (cited in note 75).




n96  Rector of St. Bartholomew's Church v City of New York, 914 F2d 348 (2d Cir
1990). Justice O'Connor cites the case as evidence of the need for RFRA in her
Flores dissent, 117 S Ct at 2177. The House Report on RFRA does likewise, HR Rep
No 103-88, 103d Cong, 1st Sess 6 n 14 (1993).




n97  117 S Ct at 2177 (O'Connor dissenting), quoting St. Bart's, 914 F2d at 355.




n98  See, e.g., Goodall v Stafford County School Board, 60 F3d 168, 171 (4th Cir
1995) ("There is no substantial burden placed on an individual's free exercise
of religion where a law or policy merely 'operates so as to make the practice of
[the individual's] religious beliefs more expensive.'" (quoting Braunfeld v
Braun, 366 US 599, 605 (1961) (plurality opinion)). In Daytona Rescue Mission,
Inc, 885 F Supp at 1560, the court used reasoning of this kind to conclude that
Daytona's zoning ordinance imposed no substantial burden on a church seeking to
run a feeding program in a residential neighborhood; the church was free to open
the program in another, more suitable neighborhood, even though doing so might
be expensive or inconvenient for the church.

   On the other hand, the Washington State Supreme Court has been especially
frank about the fact that zoning cases often reduce to money, but that insight
has not stopped the court from granting special exemptions for churches. First
Covenant Churchv Seattle, 120 Wash 2d 203, 220, 840 P2d 174, 184 (Wash 1992)
("Designation of First Covenant's church so grossly diminishes the value of the
Church's principal asset that it impermissibly burdens First Covenant's right to
free exercise of religion"); First United Methodist, 129 Wash 2d at 251, 916 P2d
at 381 ("If United Methodist decides to sell its property in order to respond to
the needs of its congregation, it has a right to do so without landmark
restrictions creating administrative or financial burdens").




n99  The Court once described itself as seeking "a neutral course between the
two Religion Clauses, both of which are cast in absolute terms, and either of
which, if expanded to a logical extreme, would tend to clash with the other."
Walz v Tax Commission, 397 US 664, 668-69 (1970). See also, e.g., Jesse H.
Choper, The Religion Clauses of the First Amendment: Reconciling the Conflict,
41 U Pitt L Rev 673, 673-74 (1980) (describing an "ineluctable tension" and
"seemingly irreconcilable conflict" between the clauses); Suzanna Sherry, Lee v
Weisman: Paradox Redux, 1992 Supreme Court Review 123, 148-49 (concluding that
"what is needed is a persuasive justification for preferring one clause to the
other" rather than further "attempts to reconcile the irreconciliable").




n100  This seems, for example, to be part of Justice O'Connor's view. In her
Smith concurrence, she maintained that "the language of the [Free Exercise]
Clause itself makes clear [that] an individual's free exercise of religion is a
preferred constitutional activity." 494 US at 901-02. Professor Choper appears
to hold a similar combination of views. He supports RFRA, but also espouses a
complete ban on government subsidies for religion. Compare Jesse H. Choper,
Securing Religious Liberty: Principles for Judicial Interpretation of the
Religion Clauses 55-58 (1995) (criticizing Smith and praising RFRA) with id at
121-23 (arguing that government money may never be used for religious purposes).




n101  330 US 1 (1947).




n102  494 US at 901-02 (O'Connor concurring in the judgment).




n103  Id at 886 n 3.




n104  Church of the Lukumi Babalu Aye v City of Hialeah, 508 US 520 (1993)
(holding unconstitutional a law prohibiting the ritual slaughter of animals).




n105  391 US 367 (1968). The O'Brien test provides that a government policy
having an incidental impact upon free speech will survive constitutional
challenge only if it meets four conditions: it must be "within the
constitutional power of the Government," it must "further[] an important or
substantial governmental interest," the governmental interest must be "unrelated
to the suppression of free expression," and "the incidental restriction on
alleged First Amendment freedoms" must be "no greater than is essential to the
furtherance of that interest." Id at 377.




n106  O'Brien dealt with a federal statute that made it a crime to burn a draft
card. The Court upheld the conviction of a young man who had burned his card to
protest the draft; the Court reasoned that the law was appropriately tailored to
advance the government's "important or substantial" interest in preventing the
destruction of draft cards. Id. For discussion, see Tribe, American
Constitutional Law 983-84 (cited in note 43).




n107  For example, although the Court cited O'Brien in the course of an opinion
that immunized an NAACP consumer boycott against criminal prosecution in NAACP v
Claiborne Hardware, 458 US 886, 912 n 47 (1982), one might equally well treat a
law that prohibits boycotts as one directed at communicative activity.




n108  In his analysis of O'Brien, Professor Tribe observes, "the publicly
visible evidence quite clearly shows that [the law against burning draft cards]
would not have been enacted but for the purpose of suppressing dissent . . . ."
Tribe, American Constitutional Law at 825 (cited in note 43).




n109  117 S Ct at 2178-85 (O'Connor dissenting).




n110  Id at 2172-76 (concurring in part).




n111  Id at 2172-73, quoting Michael McConnell, The Origins and Historical
Understanding of the Free Exercise of Religion, 103 Harv L Rev 1409, 1415 (1990)
(emphasis added by Justice Scalia).




n112  103 Harv L Rev at 1452-53. He says Jefferson expressed "disdain . . . for
the more intense manifestations of the religious spirit." Id at 1452.




n113  Id at 1453.




n114  Id at 1455.




n115  See, e.g., Philip A. Hamburger, A Constitutional Right of Religious
Exemption: An Historical Perspective, 60 Geo Wash L Rev 915 (1992) (arguing that
historical evidence supports Smith's interpretation of the Free Exercise
Clause).




n116  Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev at 1272-73 (cited in note 4).




n117  Flores, 117 S Ct at 2175 (Scalia concurring in part).




n118  Scalia himself mentions People v Philips, Court of General Sessions, City
of New York (June 14, 1813), excerpted in Privileged Communications to Clergymen
, 1 Cath Law 199 (1955), cited in Flores, 117 S Ct at 2175. Philips held that
the New York Constitution required acknowledgement of a priest-penitent
testimonial privilege. Scalia offers alternative rationales for the holding in
Philips, 117 S Ct at 2175, but some of O'Connor's "academic defenders" would
doubtless count this a case on their side.




n119  98 US 145 (1878) (Mormon polygamy case).




n120  Douglas Laycock, The Underlying Unity of Separation and Neutrality, 46
Emory L J 43, 68-73 (1997); Douglas Laycock, Formal, Substantive, and
Disaggregated Neutrality Toward Religion, 39 DePaul L Rev 993, 1001 (1990);
Douglas Laycock, Equal Access and Moments of Silence: The Equal Status of
Religious Speech by Private Speakers, 81 Nw U L Rev 1, 3 (1986).




n121  Laycock, 39 DePaul L Rev at 1002 (cited in note 120).




n122  Michael W. McConnell, Religious Freedom at a Crossroads, 59 U Chi L Rev
115, 169 (1992).




n123  Id.




n124  Michael W. McConnell and Richard A. Posner, An Economic Approach to Issues
of Religious Freedom, 56 U Chi L Rev 1, 37 (1989).




n125  Id at 33.




n126  Id at 12.




n127  Id.




n128  Id at 33.




n129  The beguiling concept of "neutrality" sets many traps in the field of
religious liberty; we discuss some of them in Eisgruber and Sager, 74 Tex L Rev
at 603-05, 606-08 (cited in note 4).




n130  Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev at 1282-84 (cited in note 4).




n131  Id at 1254-56.




n132  McConnell and Posner, 56 U Chi L Rev at 32-33 (cited in note 124).




n133  Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev at 1282-1301; Eisgruber and Sager, 74
Tex L Rev at 600-12 (both cited in note 4).




n134  Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev at 1256-1273 (cited in note 4).




n135  Smith, 494 US at 874.




n136  Abner S. Greene, The Political Balance of the Religion Clauses, 102 Yale L
J 1611, 1634-35, 1643-44 (1993).




n137  Id at 1624.




n138  Id at 1621-24.




n139  We discuss the problem of religious division in Eisgruber and Sager, 74
Tex L Rev at 610-12 (cited in note 4).




n140  Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L Rev at 1260-70 (cited in note 4).




n141  See, e.g., Witters v Washington Dept. of Services for the Blind, 474 US
481 (1986) (upholding a state program which permitted college students pursuing
religious training to share in an aid program subsidizing vocational education
for all blind students); Bowen v Kendrick, 487 US 589 (1988) (upholding a
program which allowed religious institutions to share in federal funding
available to support pregnancy counseling); Zobrest v Catalina Foothills School
Dist., 509 US 1 (1993) (upholding the constitutionality of a program in which
public funds were used to supply a sign-language interpreter for a deaf student
attending Catholic school).




n142  Rosenberger v Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia, 515 US
819 (1995).




n143  117 S Ct 1997 (1997).




n144  473 US 402 (1985).




n145  Lemon v Kurtzman, 403 US 602, 612-13 (1971).




n146  473 US at 409.




n147  487 US 589.




n148  509 US 1.




n149  Id at 13.




n150  512 US 687 (1994).




n151  See id at 717 (O'Connor concurring in part and in the judgment); id at 731
(Kennedy concurring in the judgment); and id at 750 (Scalia dissenting, joined
by Rehnquist and Thomas).




n152  515 US 819.




n153  The Court's ruling in Aguilar had the odd consequence that states could
provide remedial services to students in religious schools only if the students
left their schools and attended the remedial classes in a "neutral site." By
putting the remedial classes in "neutral sites," public authorities could
monitor teachers without risking unconstitutional entanglement in the affairs of
the religious school. Aguilar, 473 US at 421 (O'Connor dissenting). In practice,
the "neutral site" requirement meant that children received remedial education
in trailers and vans parked outside their schools; the practice not only looked
ridiculous but ate up large amounts of money that might otherwise have gone to
pay for, e.g., more teachers. Agostini, 117 S Ct at 2005 (citing evidence that
approximately $ 100 million had been spent to comply with Aguilar by equipping
"neutral sites").




n154  117 S Ct at 2011-12.




n155  Id at 2013 (quoting Zobrest, 509 US at 12).




n156  Rosenberger, 515 US at 840.




n157  As of the writing of this article, the most recent Wisconsin court
decision on point had held Milwaukee's school choice program unconstitutional
under the Wisconsin state constitution, which contains rather specific language
about the funding of religious schools. Jackson v Benson, 1997 WL 476290 (Wis
App 1997); see Wis Const, Art I, § 18 (providing that no "money [shall] be drawn
from the treasury for the benefit of religious societies, or religious or
theological seminaries"). For discussions of the Wisconsin and Ohio
controversies, see, e.g., Carol Innerst, School Choice Given a Reprieve; Court
Grants Stay to Cleveland to Appeal Adverse Verdict, Washington Times (July 29,
1997) at A8; Richard P. Jones, Religious School Vouchers Rejected; Appeals
Court's Ruling to Be Appealed, Choice Program Supporters Say, Milwaukee Journal
Sentinel (August 23, 1997) at 1.




n158  See, e.g., Kiryas Joel, 512 US at 715 (O'Connor concurring) (an "emphasis
on equal treatment is, I think, an eminently sound approach"); Lee, 455 US at
263 n 2 (Stevens concurring) ("The risk that governmental approval of some
[religious claims] and disapproval of others will be perceived as favoring one
religion over another is an important risk the Establishment Clause was designed
to preclude").




n159  Douglas Laycock, The Remnants of Free Exercise, 1990 Supreme Court Review
1, 60.




n160  Id at 65-68.




n161  508 US 520.




n162  494 US at 890 ("It may fairly be said that leaving accommodation to the
political process will place at a relative disadvantage those religious
practices that are not widely engaged in; but that unavoidable consequence of
democratic government must be preferred to a system in which each conscience is
a law unto itself or in which judges weigh the social importance of all laws
against the centrality of all religious beliefs").




n163  United States v Carolene Products, 304 US 144, 152 n 4 (1938).




n164  For example, Laycock concluded his critique of Smith by observing, "One
function of judicial review is to protect religious exercise against . . .
hostile or indifferent consequences of the political process. The Court has
abandoned that function, at least in substantial part, and perhaps entirely."
Laycock, 1990 Supreme Court Review at 68 (cited in note 159).




n165  Yang v Sturner, 750 F Supp 558 (D RI 1990).




n166  In State v Hershberger, 462 NW2d 393, 397-99 (Minn 1990), the Minnesota
Supreme Court granted relief under Minnesota's state constitution.




n167  See generally Geoffrey R. Stone, Content-Neutral Restrictions, 54 U Chi L
Rev 46 (1987).




n168  In Washington v Davis, 426 US 229 (1976), the Court construed the Equal
Protection Clause to reach only intentional discrimination.




n169  940 F Supp 879 (D Md 1996). The Keeler court found that Cumberland's
historic preservation statute was not a "law of general application," and so was
subject to strict scrutiny, even after Smith. Id at 885.




n170  924 F Supp 1540 (D Neb 1996). The court found both that the university's
policy did not amount to a rule of general application, and that the university
had applied the rule in a discriminatory fashion. Id at 1553-54.




n171  No 97-2672 (D NJ, July 29, 1997).




n172  As we noted earlier, the federal courts were remarkably unsympathetic to
Free Exercise claims under Sherbert. See note 72 and accompanying text.




n173  91 F3d 1018 (7th Cir 1996).




n174  117 S Ct 2502 (1997).




n175  We have previously argued that RFRA is unconstitutional on both of these
grounds. Eisgruber and Sager, 69 NYU L Rev at 452-60 (Establishment Clause),
469-73 (judicial power) (cited in note 4).




n176  489 US 1 (1989) (finding unconstitutional a Texas law that exempted
religious publications from a sales tax applicable to other publications).




n177  472 US 703 (1985) (finding unconstitutional a Connecticut law which gave
all religious employees the right not to work on their Sabbath).




n178  117 S Ct at 2171.




n179  Id ("RFRA's substantial burden test . . . is not . . . a discriminatory
effects or disparate treatment test").




n180  483 US 327 (1987).




n181  We discuss this point in greater detail in Eisgruber and Sager, 61 U Chi L
Rev at 1311-14 (cited in note 4).




n182  Amos worked as a "building engineer" at a gymnasium, open to the public,
run by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. 483 US at 330.




n183  10 USC § 774 (1994).




n184  42 USC § 1996 (1994).




n185  House Committee on Appropriations, Department of the Interior and Related
Agencies Appropriations Bill, 1989 HR Rep No 100-713, 100th Cong, 2d Sess 72
(1988).




n186  80 US 128 (1871). We discuss the decision in Eisgruber and Sager, 69 NYU L
Rev at 470-73 (cited in note 4).




n187  42 USC § 2000bb(a)(5) (1994).




n188  Thomas Jefferson used the "wall of separation" metaphor in his January 1,
1802, letter to the Danbury Baptist Association, and it appears in both the
Court's first Free Exercise case, Reynolds, 98 US at 164, and the Court's first
Establishment Clause case, Everson, 330 US at 16. In Reynolds, of course, the
Court used the idea of "separation" to argue against religious privilege, rather
than for it.




n189  380 US 163 (1965) (holding, via artful statutory construction, that
conscientious objector status was available to secular pacifists, even though
the statute applied only to those who opposed war on the basis of "religious
training and belief").




n190  472 US 703 (finding unconstitutional a Connecticut law which gave all
religious employees the right not to work on their Sabbath).




n191  489 US 1 (finding unconstitutional a Texas law that exempted religious
publications from a sales tax applicable to other publications).




n192  330 US 1.




n193  Id at 17-18.




n194  The result, most commentators agree, has been a hash. Compare Committee
for Public Education v Nyquist, 413 US 756 (1973) (holding unconstitutional a
program that provided tax credits for educational expenses at any private
school, including religious schools) with Mueller v Allen, 463 US 388 (1983)
(holding constitutional a program that provided tax credits for educational
expenses at any school, public or private, including religious schools). Compare
also Bd. of Education v Allen, 392 US 236 (1968) (upholding the
constitutionality of subsidies to religious schools for the purchase of
textbooks) with Meek v Pittenger, 421 US 349 (1975) (holding unconstitutional
subsidies to religious schools for the purchase of maps).




n195  For example, see generally Laycock, 46 Emory L J 43 (cited in note 120);
Carl H. Esbeck, A Constitutional Case for Governmental Cooperation with
Faith-Based Social Services, 46 Emory L J 1 (1997); and Ira C. Lupu, The
Lingering Death of Separationism, 62 Geo Wash L Rev 230 (1994).

                              928 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           January 3, 2007 Wednesday
                                National Edition

No slump in U.S. housing, Banker Says: Counters Consensus: 'Declines are
Isolated, Not Generalized'

BYLINE: Peter Morton, Washington Bureau Chief, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP5

LENGTH: 596  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Worries about the sagging housing market bringing the U.S. economy
to its knees this year are far overblown, says a prominent bank economist.

In contrast to predictions that sinking housing prices and sales will translate
into soft consumer spending this year, Richard De Kaser, chief economist at the
Cleveland-based National City Corp., said yesterday that conventional housing
statistics misrepresent the true picture.

"First, house prices have not fallen," Mr. De Kaser said, noting that the
traditional gauge -- median prices -- tends to distort both upward and downward
price movements.

"A more accurate measure of price appreciation, from the [U.S. government]
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight, shows third-quarter house prices
up 6% from one year ago," he said. "Prices may well decline going forward, but
at this point declines are isolated, not generalized."

In addition, he said it is a myth that U.S. homeowners have squandered their
recently- found increase in equity on "cars, big-screen TVs and other goods and
services." About US$1.4-trillion has been refinanced out of home equity in the
past three years.

Instead, Mr. De Kaser said U.S. consumers have proven to be more prudent in
spending their new-found wealth, with nearly 85% buying stocks and bonds,
financing home improvements or paying down high-interest debt such as credit
cards.

"Only 16% went toward conventional consumer spending," he said.

Finally, the huge competition among mortgage companies to offer loans has led to
a 75% drop in fees over the past two decades, Mr. De Kaser said. That has
encouraged homeowners to be more aggressive in refinancing to lower rates.

"Of course, things would be even better if house prices were still climbing at a
double-digit pace," he said. "But the end of a boom need not be followed by a
boom of an end."

Mr. De Kaser's more optimistic view of the U.S. housing market is at odds with
those of many other economists who believe there is still a correction ahead
this year.

Moody's Economy.com projects that the median sales price for an existing home
will decline in 2007 by 3.6% -- the first decline for an entire year in U.S.
home prices since the Great Depression.

The U.S. National Association of Realtors predicts a sluggish expansion in 2007
for about three-quarters of the country. Existing home sales are projected to
finish last year at 5.47 million, a drop of 8.6% over 2005.

Economists at Goldman Sachs in New York said they expect housing-related
industries -- construction, furniture manufacturing and sales, real estate
agents, mortgage brokers -- will result in more than one million jobs
disappearing during the next two years because of the housing slowdown after
five boom years for sales.

But economists have not yet decided if a decline in prices will translate into
sharply lower consumer spending, which accounts for nearly two-thirds of the
US$12-trillion economy.

"The recession in the housing market does not seem to have had much of an impact
on the consumer," said Nariman Behravesh, chief economist at Global Insight.

"The bad news on housing has been offset by good news on wages, jobs and the
stock market."

David Wyss of Standard & Poor's of New York also said he believes there is only
a one-in-four chance that the current housing-led slowdown will turn into an
actual recession.

The U.S. economy grew by 3.3% last year, economists generally believe, just
above the 3.2% posted in 2005. Global Insight is predicting just a 2.3% increase
this year, pretty much in line with other economists.

pmorton@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo : Bloomberg News File Photo; For-sale signs in  California:
an economic bellwether. Color Photo : Tim Boyle, Getty  Images File Photo;
Carpenters work on a home under construction in  Glenview, Ill. An economist
says fears over the housing market are  overblown.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              929 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Mortgage Applicants Lying More Often About Income: Report

BYLINE: Sarah Todd

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 178 No. 150

LENGTH: 298  words


Lenders should be on the lookout for an increase in mortgage applicants who lie
about their incomes, according a new quarterly report from CoreLogic.

The risk of income application fraud rose 13% year over year in the second
quarter, according to CoreLogic's predictive scoring of fraud incidence in an
estimated 2.4 million mortgage applications. However, the risk of applications
that intentionally misrepresent property values fell 20.8% year over year.

These shifts suggest that mortgage fraud is evolving in step with the real
estate market, according to Mark Fleming, CoreLogic's chief economist.

"As the housing market and economy have healed over the last 18 months, a
transition away from property-related, and to identity-related, application
fraud has occurred," Fleming said in the report. "Rising prices and a healing
housing market make property-related mortgage application fraud less likely."

Overall, the probability of mortgage fraud has declined significantly in the
past year. CoreLogic's mortgage application fraud risk index fell for the fifth
consecutive quarter, dropping 5.6% year over year.

Likelihood of fraud rose in some states. Ohio saw a 30.1% boom in risk of
mortgage-application fraud in the past year. Risk increased 19.6% in Hawaii and
16.6% in Kentucky.

Steep declines occurred elsewhere. Fraud risk fell 29% in the District of
Columbia, 23.1% in Nevada and 22.3% in Idaho.

The CoreLogic Mortgage Fraud Report uses the latest reported data from the Home
Mortgage Disclosure Act and CoreLogic's proprietary loan-servicing data to
estimate the number of mortgage applications per origination by quarter and
geography. Its fraud risk index is based on residential mortgage loan
applications processed by CoreLogic LoanSafe Fraud Manager, a predictive scoring
service.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              930 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           February 24, 1998 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1434 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


UNFAIR TO NORTHEAST


This letter is in response to "School's neighbors vent frustrations" (LJS, Feb.
20). The Student Council of Lincoln Northeast High School finds the article to
be biased and unfair. We recognize there is a problem between some students and
our neighborhood, but the students committing these acts are a small minority of
our stu- dent population.  Many positive aspects of Northeast High School have
been overlooked. Last semester 469 of our 2,000-plus stu- dents earned a 3.5
grade-point average to be on our honor roll.

We have more than 50 active student organizations and many successful athletic
teams. Our Student Council has been ex- tremely involved in our school as well
as our community. We have raised more than $500 for the People's City Mission,
collected many pounds of food for the Lincoln Food Bank and do- nated countless
hours of service. Many of these hours have been spent clean- ing up litter from
our neighbors' yards.  This article misrepresents our stu- dent body. Through
use of sensational- ist language, the Journal Star has placed an unpleasant
burden on our student population.  This problem is in no way singular- ly linked
to Lincoln Northeast. The other Lincoln high schools have simi- lar problems
that are not forced into the limelight of our local media. The student council
is trying to discover a fair and equitable answer and is open to receiving any
plausible solution to the situation.  Andrew Shaw, president, and the Northeast
Student Council, Lincoln

"ATTAXED' IN NEBRASKA

The Feb. 17 Journal Star article on residential home taxation in Seward County
just touches the tip of the ice- berg.  As a new resident, I live in an 80-year
old house that in one year has had taxes go from $1,955 to $2,531 (up 29
percent). This is triple the rate of my similar but much more modern house in
Missouri in 1996.  I have lived in four states in the last 12 years and nothing
remotely comes close to the Nebraska property taxa- tion level. A 25 percent
reduction is just a start. The old saw about reduced education and higher crime
doesn't fly when you've seen lower rates work well in other states.  I'd build a
new home tomorrow if one-third of my new mortgage pay- ment wouldn't be going to
the govern- ment. Residents here have learned to avoid and abate taxes in
several ways: Cash-rent rooms to college stu- dents, drive old cars, rent out
their basement, shelter cash transactions, never make obvious home improve-
ments, etc. Remember, stand perfect- ly still and the assessor will not attax
you.  Doug Barker, Seward

WHY ANTELOPE VALLEY?

The other night Kent Seacrest spoke to a group to which I belong about the
Antelope Valley Project, which is about to be considered for at- tachment to
Lincoln's Comprehensive Plan. He explained why the project is needed, wonderful
and, evidently, in- fallible.  I was dismayed at the one-side- dness of his
presentation. He made the current corridor situation seem all doom and gloom. He
indicated the pro- posed plan is an absolute panacea to all concerned.  Who are
the "concerned"? The Uni- versity of Nebraska would like to de- crease traffic
through campus. The natural resources district would like to increase flood
control. (Weren't the banks of Antelope Creek recently cov- ered with cement?)
The city would like to proceed with "community revi- talization."  Seacrest
failed to answer two key questions: 1) What was the impetus behind starting this
planning process? Who or what focused the three entities on the Antelope Valley?
And, 2) Who are the developers interested in the business opportunities
presented by this seven-block swath through the middle of Lincoln?  A third
question might be: Who stands to benefit from this massive in- fusion of mostly
public dollars? Some of the proposals sound great: Expanding social services in
neighbor- hood schools and centers to make ac- cess easier; easing homeowners'
minds about potential flooding; di- verting traffic from the UNL campus.  But,
surely, there are some nega- tive impacts. What about loss of hous- ing? What
about displacement of our neighbors? What about the effect of six lanes of
traffic emptying into the Near South? Will property values de- crease in this
neighborhood, which is being revitalized and where property values have been
increasing?  The positives may justify the nega- tives, but the possible
negative im- pacts need to be discussed openly.  Anne Brookes, Lincoln

BETTER BALANCE

My recent vote against the reap- pointment of four commissioners to the
Lincoln-Lancaster County Wom- en's Commission has prompted much productive
discussion and has pro- vided the public with a closer view of this
organization, which receives more than $100,000 of taxpayer funds annual- ly.
Several issues are of concern. One is the question of whether or not the
commission truly represents an ap- propriate cross section of values in the
community. The commission main- tains it is "diverse," reciting a litany of
demographic and social factors. How- ever, diversity is not just occupation, age
and ethnicity: It is also philosophy and ideology.  I am not dismissing all the
activi- ties of the commission, nor criticizing members who graciously sacrifice
their time for public service. I am challenging it to give serious attention to
culture and opinions and paradigms different from the ones it is used to. To
seek and welcome men and women from a large segment of this commu- nity who
understand and champion the beauty and dignity of women -- in ways that
currently are not pursued.  If the commission is to receive tax monies, it must,
like all government agencies, demonstrate need and pro- vide outcome measures
for its pro- grams, justifying itself in the public forum. The right first step
is to seek a bet- ter balance of viewpoints.  Jeff Fortenberry, Lincoln City
Council member

ON TEEN DRIVERS

The teen driving bill, if passed will make driving more complicated in Ne-
braska. On the other hand, it will in- crease the safety on the roads.  If this
bill is passed you can count on people, teens especially, complaining. The
15-year-olds who are about to get their licenses will be angry, but over- all,
this bill is for the best.  There are some flaws in this bill, de- spite its
potential. In our opinion, peo- ple who live five or more miles away from school
and are 14 or older should be allowed to have a permit to get to school and
back. However, they should not be permitted to travel anywhere else with the
permit.  If teens lives far out in the country, they should have a permit to
drive be- cause it would be nearly impossible to get to school or anywhere else
without a car.  The written test is a good idea, be- cause many people can drive
a car but don't understand road signs, or safety procedures.  Teen driving laws
in effect now do a fair job, but many of the teens, and even adults, have not
taken needed courses or important tests. Overall, this new bill would help
Nebraskans to be safer.  Corissa Buehner, Kara Simpson, Lincoln

HIDDEN PIGGY BANKS?

The article (LJS, Feb. 10) on the City Council's approval of the plan to pay
firefighters and cover the costs from the October snowstorm, raised a few
questions in my mind. First of all, I would hope that a city of this size would
have a reserve fund to cover disasters such as the storm.  I guess the biggest
question arises from the quotation from council mem- ber Curt Donaldson to
mayoral aide Larry Bare: "It's a masterful job. You've revealed piggy banks we
didn't know existed." Who and how can someone hide piggy banks from a city
council that is supposedly making in- formed decisions about city finances?  We
are talking about piggy banks that have a balance of at least $8.5 mil- lion
(the total suggested for these two issues). This seems like a very large amount
of money to hide from seven people that make decisions on behalf of the
citizens.  Somebody had to know about these piggy banks, but who? The mayor's
aide seemed to. Come to think of it, the mayor in his campaign ads did men- tion
that under his leadership the city of Lincoln had a $12 million reserve. Did the
City Council know that?  Jerry L. Hesser, Lincoln

The Journal Star welcomes read- ers' comments. Letters to the editor must
include the writer's name, ad- dress and home and work telephone numbers. Please
sign letters that are mailed, faxed or hand-delivered. The editors may edit and
condense letters; the suggested length limit is 250 words. Send letters to
Letter to Editor, Lincoln Journal Star, P.O. Box 81689, Lincoln, NE 68501. Fax:
473-7291. E-mail: oped@nebweb.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              931 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             July 2, 1997 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 727 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


NU COMPETITION

I see that our tax-supported University of Nebraska is going into competition
with a tax-paying business. I don't know the intellectual terms that would be
used in a doctoral thesis to describe the issue; I suspect the escapees from
1960s thinking would argue that a little bit of socialism, under the control of
the "better" people, is good for society.

Specifically, I am taking issue with the university selling Husker stuff at its
own store next to Memorial Stadium. That position may upset some Husker fans,
but the whole athletic system could not have started nor can it survive without
taxpayer support. After the university succeeds in driving such a legitimate
business out of business, will it be able to argue that the legislators should
provide that kind of business with "guvmint aid?"

This is not the only government venture into competition with taxpayers. And
every such venture reduces the ability of the taxpayers to support legitimate
government services, compounding the tax burden.   Ed Jaksha, Omaha

CLOUDED ISSUES

Tom Teepen's commentary, "God's not dead; he's not even sick" (LJS, June 8),
sharply attacks the proposed Religious Freedom Amendment to the U.S.
Constitution, but it does more to cloud and misrepresent the issues than to
clarify them. The piece is laden with antagonistic metaphors that serve only to
appeal to our prejudices.

The opinion falsely presents the amendment as endorsed exclusively by
Christians. The truth is that a number of Jewish, Muslim and other clerics also
have publicly supported this legislation. Teepen also claims the contention that
Christians are being discriminated against is a "silly whine." The fact is, many
courts have determined that people of a variety of faiths are suffering from
discrimination through, for example, unfair zoning ordinances and administrative
policies, including a 1996 U.S. District Court decision concerning housing
practices at the University of Nebraska at Kearney.

Teepen's most absurd point is that because a large number of Americans claim to
attend church or believe in God, there is no lack of religious freedom. The need
for this amendment will not be measured by the number or the behavior of
professing religious citizens, but by the government's treatment of those
citizens. This was the concern of our Founding Fathers, and it needs to be ours
today. In the future, perhaps the Journal Star might publish pieces that will
help us consider these issues thoughtfully.   Ned Stringham, Lincoln

NEWS WAS MISSING

For Thursday, June 26, there were some significant events in national politics
to report: The Supreme Court issued a religion ruling which might be its most
important ruling this term. The Senate and House passed budget bills which the
AP deemed "historic." And the tobacco deal, which is unprecedented, was in
jeopardy of unraveling. Yet the Journal Star put all these stories inside the
paper.

Meanwhile, almost half of the front page was fluff, including a large photo of
the Whispering Giant sculpture, which has been in place since 1980.

I understand the newspaper's desire to appeal to people who aren't interested in
politics, but this time you went too far. You abrogated your responsibilities as
journalists.   John Gruhl, Lincoln

WHY DIDN'T YOU STOP?

To the person who hit the small dog near 66th and South streets at approximately
8:15 a.m. June 17: I do not know who you are  -  the only thing that bothers me
is, why didn't you stay to help the animal?

I heard it yelping in pain and when I got to it, it had a severe laceration on
its left rear leg and a possible broken leg. I soothed the dog by talking to it
and petting it where possible. I was then able to get it out of the street. The
dog spent nine days at the veterinarian but has now recovered.

Whoever you are, why didn't you stop? If anyone should ever hit you by accident,
I trust they will stop and help you. That would be more than what you did for
this helpless animal.   Elmer M. Shaw, Lincoln

The Journal Star welcomes readers' comments. Letters to the editor must include
the writer's name, address and home and work telephone numbers. Please sign
letters that are mailed, faxed or hand-delivered. The editors may edit and
condense letters. Send letters to Letter to Editor, Lincoln Journal Star, P.O.
Box 81689, Lincoln, NE 68501. Fax: 473-7291. E-mail: oped@nebweb.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1997 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              932 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           February 28, 1993, Sunday

Lottery ad budget misrepresented? Paul also criticized over extra tickets

BYLINE: By Charles Walston STAFF WRITERgambling; budgets; georgia

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section C; Page 9

LENGTH: 559 words


Tallahassee - Rebecca Paul, the new chief executive of the Georgia Lottery
Corp., comes to the job with a superstar reputation in the industry, according
to David Garrett, chairman of the board that hired her.

But Mrs. Paul has critics in Florida, where she ran the lottery from its
inception in 1988 until 1991.

Former Commissioner of Education Ralph Turlington, who is called the "father of
the lottery" in Florida because he organized the drive to bring it to the state,
tangled with Mrs. Paul over her advertising budget.

In 1990, Mr. Turlington discovered that Gov. Bob Martinez's budget office had
approved $ 6 million more for lottery advertising than the Legislature had
authorized. The increase followed a letter on Nov. 22, 1989, from one of Mrs.
Paul's deputies saying the advertising budget needed to be increased because it
was "directly related to ticket sales."

Increase called unnecessary

In fact, Mr. Turlington said, the advertising budget did not have to be
increased. Lottery officials hedged about whether they had made such a claim,
according to news accounts from 1990, and Mrs. Paul said Friday that "I don't
remember" making the assertion.

"She did misrepresent what she did with the budget," Mr. Turlington said last
week. "I don't care how anybody wants to explain that, that plain flat-out is
true."

Complicating the criticism over the ad budget was the fact that the outside firm
that handled the lottery account had been formed by a merger of two shops,
including the one that had worked for Mr. Martinez's gubernatorial campaign in
1986. Since Mrs. Paul left, a different advertising agency has been hired and
its budget has been cut by $ 8.5 million, according to lottery officials.

Mrs. Paul also came under fire when one of her top aides, David Bausch, signed
an order for 50 million extra tickets to a lottery game that was selling poorly.
The state eventually had to burn 85 million tickets at a cost of more than $ 1
million.

Several months after he signed the order, Mr. Bausch went to work for Scientific
Games, the Atlanta-based firm that printed the tickets.

No proof of wrongdoing

Sen. Al Gutman (R-Miami) requested an investigation of the incident, and the
Florida Department of Law Enforcement found no proof of wrongdoing.
Nevertheless, Mr. Gutman said, Mrs. Paul should have acknowledged that the
incident shook public confidence in the lottery.

"Perception is real important," said Mr. Gutman. "We shouldn't be using
government as a way to get people advancements in the private sector." Florida
now has a law that prohibits lottery employees from going to work for a vendor
who does business in the state for two years, he said.

Mr. Gutman also asked the lottery to adopt ethics rules after he learned that a
deputy to Mrs. Paul was freelancing as a consultant in Puerto Rico. "He was
taking his expertise from Florida and selling it over there," he said.

After Mr. Gutman's inquiry, the lottery official stopped doing the freelance
work and later was fired under orders of Gov. Lawton Chiles, who also replaced
Mrs. Paul.

Mrs. Paul went to work for Ernst & Young, the accounting firm that held the
management consulting contract in Puerto Rico from early 1991 until March 1992.
Ernst & Young is now one of two companies bidding for a consulting contract with
the Georgia lottery.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930640146

GRAPHIC: photo: Rebecca Paul came under fire when a top aide signed an order for
50 million extra tickets to a lottery game that was selling poorly.

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution

                              933 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                             January 4, 2013 Friday

Wisconsin State Supreme Court suspends attorney for 1 year

BYLINE: Caley Clinton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 261  words


Wisconsin justices on Friday suspended a Milwaukee-area attorney from practicing
law in Wisconsin for one year.

Matthew Siderits was suspended after he was found to have misrepresented his
billable hours while employed at the Milwaukee firm of Otjen, Van Ert & Weir SC.

According to court records, Siderits exploited his position as the firm's
treasurer to misrepresent his billable hours in 2007 and 2008. He did so to earn
bonuses for working more than 1,800 billable hours, according to court records.
Combined, these bonuses totaled $46,978.

He remained treasurer until the firm terminated his employment in June 2009.
During Office of Lawyer Regulation proceedings, Siderits admitted that the firm
discharged him for allegedly being paid compensation for which he may not have
been entitled. He denied any allegations of wrongdoing, however.

The court's referee disagreed, however, stating, "Siderits was manipulating his
billing records for the sole purpose of achieving a bonus. That conclusion is
inescapable. To ignore the numerous and substantial transactions put into
evidence is impossibly unrealistic. "

The referee requested an 18-month suspension. But because Siderits has no
previous disciplinary history, lost his job with the firm and paid $60,000 to
the firm to compensate for the bonuses to which he was not entitled and for
other unspecified damages, state justices decided to suspend him for only 12
months. He also is required to pay the costs of the proceedings, which totaled
$18,917 as of Oct. 22.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              934 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

Contra Costa Times editorial: Voters should replace reckless Mt. Diablo health
care directors

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times editorial

SECTION: MY TOWN; Contra Costa; News; Local; Opinion; Editorials

LENGTH: 515 words


Directors of the Mt. Diablo Health Care District continue to misrepresent the
finances of the wasteful and unnecessary agency as they desperately try to stall
its inevitable elimination or takeover.

The district collects taxes even though it hasn't had a hospital to run since
1997. From 2000-09, Mt. Diablo received $2.2 million in property taxes and
$250,000 in grants. Only about 10 percent actually went for health programs to
help people.

Most was spent on overhead, fruitless litigation and health benefits for a
current and a former board member and their families under an unconscionable
deal providing lifetime coverage to directors who serve at least 12 years.

The Contra Costa Local Agency Formation Commission wants to transfer control of
the district to the city of Concord. We would prefer simply dissolving it.
Either way, Mt. Diablo directors' ongoing delaying tactics will probably force
the holding of regularly scheduled health care board elections in November at a
cost of about $120,000.

It's an unfortunate waste of tax money. But if that's the way they want to play,
we say bring it on.

Concerned community members should field a slate of candidates who recognize the
stupidity of perpetuating this charade -- candidates who will cooperate in the
district's dissolution. Voters should oust Grace Ellis, Nick Adler and Jeff
Kasper, who continue spending irresponsibly, and Frank Manske, who has been
ineffectual.

The district is broke with more liabilities than assets. Nevertheless,
directors, criticized for failing to previously spend money on community
benefits, are now handing out grants they can't afford -- $244,500 this year.

To justify that, district officials falsely portray the agency's financial
obligations. Kasper, the board chairman, last week testified to LAFCO that a new
actuarial report shows the district has only a $218,000 future liability for the
health care benefits promised to Ellis and former director Ron Leone, now a
Concord councilman.

Kasper failed to disclose that the actuarial calculations assume that Ellis and
Leone will permanently continue their recent concessions to only take partial
funding from the district. In fact, Ellis and Leone have explicitly preserved
their rights to, at any time, demand full benefits. As a result, the district's
unfunded liability is probably close to the $714,000 reported in an actuarial
analysis just one year ago.

For months, LAFCO has tried to cajole a friendly transfer of district control to
the Concord City Council. But the city wisely insists that the district first
pay off the full health care liability. That would have been possible a year
ago, when the district had enough money in the bank. Now, thanks to directors'
wasteful spending, it doesn't. Consequently, dissolution seems more likely.

Meanwhile, expect more stalling. The longer this goes on, the more money the
health care district's attorney and interim executive officer make. And the
longer the directors, three of whom take a stipend, retain political power.

It's time to end this, and the ballot box may be the best way to do so.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (MCT illustration)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              935 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

Contra Costa Times editorial: Voters should replace reckless Mt. Diablo health
care directors

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times editorial

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Directors of the Mt. Diablo Health Care District continue to misrepresent the
finances of the wasteful and unnecessary agency as they desperately try to stall
its inevitable elimination or takeover.

The district collects taxes even though it hasn't had a hospital to run since
1997. From 2000-09, Mt. Diablo received $2.2 million in property taxes and
$250,000 in grants. Only about 10 percent actually went for health programs to
help people.

Most was spent on overhead, fruitless litigation and health benefits for a
current and a former board member and their families under an unconscionable
deal providing lifetime coverage to directors who serve at least 12 years.

The Contra Costa Local Agency Formation Commission wants to transfer control of
the district to the city of Concord. We would prefer simply dissolving it.
Either way, Mt. Diablo directors' ongoing delaying tactics will probably force
the holding of regularly scheduled health care board elections in November at a
cost of about $120,000.

It's an unfortunate waste of tax money. But if that's the way they want to play,
we say bring it on.

Concerned community members should field a slate of candidates who recognize the
stupidity of perpetuating this charade -- candidates who will cooperate in the
district's dissolution. Voters should oust Grace Ellis, Nick Adler and Jeff
Kasper, who continue spending irresponsibly, and Frank Manske, who has been
ineffectual.

The district is broke with more liabilities than assets. Nevertheless,
directors, criticized for failing to previously spend money on community
benefits, are now handing out grants they can't afford -- $244,500 this year.

To justify that, district officials falsely portray the agency's financial
obligations. Kasper, the board chairman, last week testified to LAFCO that a new
actuarial report shows the district has only a $218,000 future liability for the
health care benefits promised to Ellis and former director Ron Leone, now a
Concord councilman.

Kasper failed to disclose that the actuarial calculations assume that Ellis and
Leone will permanently continue their recent concessions to only take partial
funding from the district. In fact, Ellis and Leone have explicitly preserved
their rights to, at any time, demand full benefits. As a result, the district's
unfunded liability is probably close to the $714,000 reported in an actuarial
analysis just one year ago.

For months, LAFCO has tried to cajole a friendly transfer of district control to
the Concord City Council. But the city wisely insists that the district first
pay off the full health care liability. That would have been possible a year
ago, when the district had enough money in the bank. Now, thanks to directors'
wasteful spending, it doesn't. Consequently, dissolution seems more likely.

Meanwhile, expect more stalling. The longer this goes on, the more money the
health care district's attorney and interim executive officer make. And the
longer the directors, three of whom take a stipend, retain political power.

It's time to end this, and the ballot box may be the best way to do so.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              936 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday

Project labor agreements have long been successful

BYLINE: East County Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 622 words


IGNORANCE AND BIAS can be a very dangerous combination, especially when you
misrepresent the truth. Take the guest commentary "Union Only Agreement Will
Cost Taxpayers" in a local newspaper by Kevin Dayton, the non-union, out-of-town
Associated Building Contractors of California representative.

I would have hoped for a little research and some updated facts and dates, but
sadly we heard the same old hot air with bogus, fact-less propaganda.

To set the record straight, the Associated Builders and Contractors only
represents non-union contractors, and it has opposed every Project Labor
Agreement in Contra Costa County and has failed every time. It also opposed
Davis-Bacon regulations, which are supported by the NAACP, National Women's
Political Caucus and the Mexican American Unity Council. The ABC also tried and
failed to lower the wages of California apprentices.

Federal, state and local governments for the last six decades have utilized
PLAs. In Contra Costa County alone there has already been more than $14 billion
in projects constructed with a PLA, including the new Brentwood Wastewater
Treatment Plant, and significantly every project has been completed on schedule,
on budget and more importantly done safely.

On the other hand, ABC non-union contractors are responsible for some of the
most inferior construction projects in Contra Costa County. The most recent
failure was the new Rodeo Hills Elementary School, better known as the "School
from Hell," which is literally falling apart with millions of dollars in repairs
and litigation. John Swett Unified School District voted 5   0 to use a PLA on
all of its future projects because of this boondoggle failure, over the
objection of Dayton, Nichole Goering and Eric Christen of the ABC.

Contra Costa County Juvenile Hall actually doubled the project's costs to
taxpayers with shoddy non-union construction, litigation, and the project went
two years over schedule. The Contra Costa County Board of Supervisors voted
unanimously to use PLAs on their future projects over the objection of Dayton
and the ABC. The Contra Costa County PLA has been in effect for six years; "all"
projects have been on schedule, on budget and no litigation.

The infamous USS-POSCO Steel Project in Pittsburg was in fact the worst
ABC-built project in the history of Contra Costa County. It was a $300 million
modernization project. It had a $100 million cost overrun and out-of-state
workers were killed on this project. The Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA) even came in and actually shut the project down because of
major health and safety violations.

Local union building trades men and women had to be brought in at a cost of
approximately $60 million to fix this plant that wouldn't operate. I almost
forgot the non-union ABC out-of-state contractor on this project also ended up
trying to sue the owners of USS-POSCO. Could this be why PLAs are so successful
and widely used throughout Contra Costa County to prevent these disastrous types
of non-union construction projects from ever occurring again?

In fairness and openness I would like to invite the Brentwood mayor, City
Council members and the local media to inspect the various union building
trades' apprenticeship schools and then compare this with the ABC non-union
training programs. You will then have a clearer perspective as to why our
congressional representatives, board of supervisors, city councils, water
districts, school boards, refineries, power plants and local officials have all
used and voted to support PLAs that have been proven to be of benefit and cost
savings to our local taxpayers.

Greg Feere is chief executive officer of the Contra Costa Building and
Construction Trades Council.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              937 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 12, 2007 Monday

Humane groups support dog law goals

BYLINE: Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITOR:

The article entitled "Dog laws get their day," (Intell, March 7) misrepresents
my testimony when it says that I oppose a change that would double the minimum
cage size allowed for dogs, and that I testified that it would be too costly and
labor intensive for breeders to be able to profit.

I opened my testimony by saying we support the goals of the (proposed)
regulations and that our problems arise from how the language is crafted and
from the unintended consequences caused by overly specific language. I confined
my testimony to speaking about how the current language will affect humane
societies, which operate nonprofit kennels that also are covered by the
regulations. I did not at any time refer to how the proposed changes would
affect breeders or their profits. My written testimony will be posted on the
Federated Humane Societies of Pa. We site at www.humaneinpa.org.

Laws and regulations must be carefully written if they are to be effectively and
fairly enforced. Many perspectives are needed in order to troubleshoot the
language for unintended consequences. The debate over these issues has become
sadly polarized. Calm and civil discussion is the only thing that will produce
language that will improve the welfare of dogs in kennels.

Anne Irwin, Lahaska

Editor's note: Irwin is vice president and legislative chairman, Federated
Humane Societies of Pa., and executive director, Bucks County SPCA.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LETTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              938 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              April 4, 2005 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ALCOHOLIC-DRINK SURCHARGE IN EFFECT COSTS BUSINESSES TWICE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 294 words


The article "Committee votes to repeal tax that aids drug-addicted teens"
(Wednesday) misrepresents the complexity of the alcoholic-beverage surcharge
collection process for more than 22,000 businesses. The 1997 report by the
Office of Program Policy Analysis and Government Accountability stated that 97
percent of audited surcharge payments were incorrect.

It is doubtful that this error rate has changed much over the years.

If calculating this tax were as simple as The Post's article suggests, the error
rate would be near zero. In fact, the surcharge is so complicated that more than
30 state auditors spend 35 percent of their time on less than 4 percent of the
total amount collected by the agency, at a cost of $2.5 million a year.

The real cost in collecting this insidious tax, however, was not even discussed
in the article. Every restaurant and bar that sells alcoholic beverages for
consumption on the premises, regardless of the amount sold, will incur a cost in
preparing the required monthly report. The Legislature's own watchdog agency,
OPPAGA, in its 2004 report, recommended the elimination of the alcoholic
beverage surcharge since "repealing the surcharge would reduce the tax burden on
Florida citizens and would reduce record-keeping requirements on retailers."

This comes as no surprise to the businesses required to collect this tax. The
two OPPAGA studies prior to this latest report also outlined the same problems
with the alcoholic beverage surcharge. The removal of a tax on a product that
already has been taxed once, and one that Florida's own government watchdog
agency admits is costly and difficult to administer, is just good government.

CAROL B. DOVER, president and chief executive officer

Florida Restaurant Association

Tallahassee

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.

                              939 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                                  May 17, 2002

Degree fakery goes back eons but it's easier now

BYLINE: Mike Ross

SECTION: Pg.33

LENGTH: 890 words


Fake degrees are for the insecure and insincere. They are no more illegal than
the pseudo antique in the corner or the miniature Hollywood Oscar sitting on the
shelf.

The fraud is not in owning a fake, the fraud is in passing off the fake as the
real thing.

Disgraced Maori television chief executive John Davy looks to have led a Walter
Mitty existence, rewriting his life as action man by claiming to be an MBA
graduate from what proved to be a non-existent tertiary institution, Denver
State University.

It is not a crime to pretend. But it is fraud to misrepresent the truth, passing
off a non-existent degree as a genuine academic qualification in order to get a
job.

For those with a delicate ego, there is no law against buying a piece of paper
which declares the holder to be a graduate of the Somesuch Business School -
bought from a degree mill which operates from a post office box and offers no
tuition.

Some do not even bother buying the piece of paper. Wall Street traders have
styled themselves as Masters of the Universe during boom times when a seemingly
never-ending stream of client money pours through the door.

Even for real qualifications, appearances can be deceptive. The public
expectation is that a masters degree requires one or two years' specialist study
after completion of an undergraduate bachelor's degree.

Not so in Oxford and Cambridge. Pay a small fee after completion of your
undergraduate degree and you can proudly add MA(Oxon) or MA(Cantab) after your
name - no extra work required.

For the uninitiated, medical practitioners with a MBChB degree look to hold a
masters degree. This exploits the vagaries of the Latin language to disguise the
fact that they hold two bachelors degrees: a bachelor of medicine and a bachelor
of surgery.

For medical practitioners, the look and feel of a masters qualification is not
enough - they routinely upgrade themselves to a doctorate by assuming the
courtesy title of Doctor. Many dentists do the same.

The ubiquitous master of business administration is often not an extension of
prior undergraduate study.

Many business schools admit into their MBA programme students who have no
undergraduate qualification. Direct entry into a graduate programme is allowed
for mature students on the strength of their business experience.

University degrees get granted for reasons other than diligent work as a
student. Academic degrees are currency for a tertiary institution, so printing
one or two extra can serve a useful purpose without unnecessarily debasing the
currency.

But some awards raise questions. Yale University awarded an honorary doctorate
to a mule named Elwood Blues.

The talents of a long-time campus hot dog seller was recognised with an honorary
doctorate at Brooklyn College. Even Kermit the Frog has been the recipient of an
honorary degree.

When an honorary degree follows a handsome donation, politeness and academic
sensibilities require a decent interval between the donation and award of a
degree.

History is littered with examples of universities trading degrees for money. In
the 14th century, the University of Paris openly sold degrees in theology to
students who found the prescribed course of study just too hard.

The Oxbridge tradition once allowed the rich to pay for entry and gain a degree
without sitting the final examinations. The poor, but worthy, competed for
scholarships and passed their degrees by examination.

Even into the middle of the 20th century, there were Cambridge colleges where
reading for a degree was sufficient to graduate - sitting a final examination
was not necessary.

Less than 10 years ago, a university in Rome was embroiled in a scandal with
dishonest staff selling degrees for a fee.

Given this past, traditional universities are not in a strong position to
complain about degree mills that churn out paper qualifications for a fee.

There are hundreds of degree mills in operation. Fake medical degrees, fake law
degrees, fake arts degrees are all available at little cost from unknown
non-existent tertiary institutions such as the Chicago Medical College (based in
Florida), or Delaware Law School (no relation to a real Delaware law school,
which is part of Widener University), or Columbia State University (last known
to be working out of a warehouse in Southern California via a mail-forwarding
service in Louisiana).

It is a case of caveat emptor should someone possessing a fake degree
fraudulently try to pass it off as a valid qualification.

More insidious is the practice of forging a degree from a recognised
institution. Yale University keeps track of individuals claiming to hold a Yale
degree which in fact has never been awarded.

At last count it had over 7000 instances of people claiming to hold Yale degrees
who didn't.

In the mid-1990s, the University of Calgary found a host of forged academic
transcripts and degrees turning up as part of job applications in the Middle
East and Asia.

The era of software packages for digital manipulation and colour laser printers
has made it easier for con artists to manufacture a respectable academic past.

For employers, the only counter-measure is to check the validity of claimed
qualifications as part of background checks run on job applicants.

Mike Ross teaches commercial law at Unitec Business School

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

        Copyright 2002 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd. All Rights Reserved.

                              940 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                     November 11, 2001 Sunday Final EDITION

Classic rebuttal

BYLINE: Bryan Townsend

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: THE CITIZEN'S WEEKLY, Pg. C9

LENGTH: 564 words


Richard Perry is so busy grinding the usual axe lamenting the loss of our
culture that he misrepresents the situation ("A cultural lament," Citizen's
Weekly, Nov. 4). Yes, the facts are as he paints them, but some historical
perspective is needed. We live in a world where there are dozens of versions of
the same Beethoven symphonies, sometimes two or three different ones from the
same conductor. We have re-issues of great historical recordings. Naxos has made
a concerted effort to record everything worth recording and much that is not. So
in any real sense is the crisis Perry communicates justified? Not so far as
recordings go, at least.

What about orchestras? Well, the spate of comment on their dire state is solely
related to the current difficulties in Toronto. Most other orchestras are
surviving. Orchestras and operas are very expensive to operate. I doubt that any
orchestra in history has ever been self-supporting. So the question is, who
pays? A hundred years ago a wealthy man like Henry L. Higginson could be the
virtual sole owner of the Boston Symphony. Nowadays, the rich prefer to own a
sports franchise. We expect the state to fund orchestras today but they are
reluctant to put too much of their budget into something, as Perry notes, that
only appeals to a small minority. It has been estimated that, even in an urban
environment, classical music only attracts three percent of the population.

The enormous sums paid to conductors and super-star soloists are the skeleton in
the closet of the classical music business. It is they, not the record labels,
who have been skimming off the cream and they have been able to do so because of
the leverage of the recording as commodity and the celebrity status given them
by the mass media. I for one would not shed a tear if the superstar tenors
stopped earning $6 million a year.

By the way, I question whether merely buying a CD gives you much street cred in
the cultural department. You might be better off taking a few piano lessons and
struggling through a Beethoven sonata at home. Perry makes the elementary error
of confusing the fortunes of the record business with the fortunes of the art of
music.

Bryan Townsend

San Miguel de Allende, Mexico

Richard Perry replies: I'm glad that Mr. Townsend confirms that I got my facts
right, even if he doesn't appreciate the sound of my axe grinding. His facts,
however, are quite misleading. The Toronto Symphony is by no means the only
orchestra suffering severe financial setbacks. The St. Louis Symphony is facing
bankruptcy within the year, the Florida Philharmonic has been given a temporary
reprieve only because its conductor chose to forego his own salary, the San Jose
Symphony has cancelled its coming season, Calgary is facing a lockout with its
musicians, and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra is in deep trouble, having lost
record contract and radio syndication. Other orchestras, almost all of which
have lost record contracts, are surviving by cutting back on schedules,
education programs and artist bookings. The health of the "record business" may
not affect the amateur home pianist, but Mr. Townsend is very mistaken if he
thinks that "the art of music" will not suffer if orchestras and classical
record companies -- both of which provide a living wage to professional
musicians -- lose their toehold in our society.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              941 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              January 29, 2000, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Bradley's sharper tone plays to mixed reviews among supporters

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; ELECTION 2000 IN BRIEF; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: LEBANON, N.H.; EXETER, N.H.; DUBLIN, N.H.



Though supporters' views seemed decidedly mixed, Bill Bradley kept up his
aggressive criticism of Al Gore on Friday, questioning his Democratic rival's
truthfulness and portraying him as the kind of politician who "uses words in a
very tricky manner."

"You have to look at every word and every clause," Bradley said in a comment
echoing accusations that critics made about President Clinton during the
Lewinsky investigation.

Some Bradley supporters have said his new, more confrontational campaign style
has made them uncomfortable, and one questioned him about it face to face.

"How can you deal with the sleaze factor without yourself going through the same
type of tactic?" asked Sonia Sheridan, who said she was troubled by the new
approach.

"I think you make a very good point," said Bradley. "When someone misrepresents
your position as Al Gore has done consistently in this campaign, you call them
on it."

With polls showing Gore with an apparent lead just days before Tuesday's New
Hampshire primary, Bradley aides said he would continue his new tack.

Bradley argued at rally after rally that Gore makes campaign promises designed
to be evasive or to mislead on issues ranging from gun control to health care to
abortion rights.

For example, Bradley said, Gore talks about favoring licensing of handguns but
actually favors licensing of new handguns only.

"The problem is not new handguns, the problem is all handguns," Bradley said.

Gore said little in response. "I'm going to emphasize the positive," the vice
president said as he arrived in Portsmouth from his brief return to Washington
for Clinton's State of the Union address.

Gore stuck to his day's message - that he is the only presidential candidate
with the know-how to keep the economy on track. "We have just begun to prosper,"

 he declared.

McCain fights to stay in front

EXETER, N.H. - Sen. John McCain battled Friday to hold off Gov. George Bush and
gain the New Hampshire triumph needed to sustain his underdog presidential
campaign as the five-man Republican field headed into a final weekend of
campaigning before the nation's first primary.

Bush, in a two-front fight against staunch conservative candidates on one side
and the more moderate McCain on the other, believed he was narrowing the gap,
aides said. But they also said the Texas governor might run out of time.

Bush, front-runner nationally, said that win or lose in New Hampshire on
Tuesday, "I will survive."

The majority of public polls Friday gave McCain the lead, but they also offered
Bush reason to hope. Conservative Steve Forbes was running a distant third,
still taking aim at Bush.

Four days before the nation's first primary, the GOP campaigns launched their
get-out-the-vote drives and made final decisions on weekend TV ads.

The Texas governor said he had "a very good chance" of winning Tuesday. But
whatever happens, Bush told reporters, "I'm in it for the long pull," with a
campaign well organized in primary states beyond New Hampshire.

McCain, however, can't afford to lose here, his aides said. With a fraction of
Bush's money and little support from the party establishment, McCain's longshot
strategy is to hobble Bush in New Hampshire and ride the momentum.

Conservative voters, meanwhile, were flirting with Forbes, Alan Keyes and Gary
Bauer.

Criticism was served with coffee at a Manchester donut shop Friday, as Bauer
attacked Bush's abortion stance.

"I believe Gov. Bush is AWOL on this issue," he said.

Speaking to a group of college students, Keyes' eyes welled up with tears when
spoke of his religious faith.

And Forbes joined forces with McCain to sue for inclusion on New York primary
ballots. Both candidates are accusing Bush of trying to keep them off.

Another irregular heartbeat

DUBLIN, N.H. - Bill Bradley experienced another irregular heartbeat episode
several days ago, his fifth in the past month, but he didn't require a doctor's
attention, he said Friday.

The Democratic presidential candidate, who has a non-life threatening heart
condition, didn't tell his staff about the episode until Friday - after
reporters inquired - and then couldn't remember if the incident occurred Sunday
or Monday, he said.

"It doesn't mean anything," he told the Associated Press. "This is an issue I
haven't heard one real person talk about."

He said the incident didn't last long.

Coming up...

Bradley campaigns throughout New Hampshire all weekend, participating in town
halls and rallies across the state. Gore also campaigns in the state.

Republicans all focus on the Granite State as well this weekend. McCain holds a
series of town halls. Bush attends a Republican dinner in Keene today and a
Super Bowl party in Portsmouth Sunday. Forbes holds rallies across the state.
Gary Bauer stumps across the state and speaks to a citizen-based educational
group in Henniker today. Alan Keyes campaigns through the state.


LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Bill Bradley, bundled up
Friday for an outdoor rally in Dublin, N.H., says Democratic rival Al Gore is
"tricky" with his words and intentionally evasive.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company

                              942 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 19, 1994, Wednesday, Final Edition

A Day for Youths

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A18; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 322 words


Gustav Niebuhr's article on media coverage of religion ["Media Said to Ignore,
Misrepresent the Spiritual," Religion, Jan. 1] makes valid points. However, one
person he quotes, Stewart Hoover, associate professor of journalism at the
University of Colorado, is so far off base as to be insulting.

Mr. Hoover says Catholic Church officials' criticism of some of the World Youth
Day coverage may be based in "disappointment that their own 'media strategy' did
not perform as expected." He suggested the event was intended to
"counterbalance" news stories of pedophilia.

As the designer of the World Youth Day media strategy, I make these points:

(1) World Youth Day in Denver was the fifth international meeting of the pope
with young people. The meetings, which are held biennially, were launched in
1985 and have nothing to do with concern about news coverage of sex abuse.

(2) World Youth Day's media strategy was based on the fact that young people
would tell the story and all World Youth Day had to do was provide access to
them and the resources to help journalists get their stories out. The strategy
worked, and to quote Archbishop Keeler from Mr. Niebuhr's article, most stories
about World Youth Day itself "were fair, even glowing."

Most journalists who covered the event, including The Washington Post's Gustav
Niebuhr, reported on the 186,000 young people celebrating their faith and one
another. The Aug. 13 Post put it in contemporary terms and stated, " 'Catholic
Woodstock' is Replete With Virtues and None of the Vices."

That Mr. Hoover, a journalism professor, would suggest that the Catholic Church
tried to use an international meeting of young people to "counterbalance"
negative stories about the church does a disservice to World Youth Day and some
present and future journalists.

MARY ANN WALSH Washington The writer, a Sister of Mercy, was director of
communications for World Youth Day.


LOAD-DATE: January 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post

                              943 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                              May 10, 1993, Monday

PSI RESOURCES FILES SUIT CHARGING IPALCO MISREPRESENTS BENEFITS OF ITS HOSTILE
BID

BYLINE: BY JAMES P MILLER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3B, Column 2

LENGTH: 62 words


PSI Resources Inc says it filed a lawsuit alleging Ipalco Enterprises Inc
violated federal securities law by misrepresenting the potential benefits of
Ipalco's hostile $1.5 billion tender offer; says suits is a counterclaim to
Ipalco litigation alleging PSI's merger with Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co was
based on misleading statements and violates Indiana law (M)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              944 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    March 18, 1992, Wednesday, City Edition

Fla. veterans' group calls for the firing of VA secretary

BYLINE: DAVID DAHL

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 645 words



A Florida veterans' commission wants President Bush to fire Department of
Veterans' Affairs (VA) Secretary Edward Derwinski because of his "arrogant
insensitivity" and "flagrant disregard" for the state's needs.

       The Florida Commission on Veterans' Affairs, a nine-member group advising
state officials, voted unanimously last month to urge Derwinski's removal amid
complaints that federal spending hasn't kept up with the influx of veterans to
the state.

       Henry Sayler, a St. Petersburg insurance agent who sits on the
commission, followed up by writing President Bush about Derwinski.

    "He is arrogant, belligerent, insensitive to veterans' needs, misrepresents
facts and does not always tell the truth," wrote L Sayler, a past chairman of
the Republican Party of Florida.

       Sayler said Derwinski referred to the head of the state Department of
Veterans' Affairs as an "SOB" on a recent visit to St.  Petersburg. The head of
the state veterans department, Earl Peck, said he did not hear that comment, but
added that Derwinski did become upset when confronted about Florida's
shortfalls.

       Peck refused to join the advisory panel's call for Derwinski's
resignation, but said: "I would agree he has not appeared sensitive to the needs
of Florida veterans in contrast to the rest of the nation."

       A spokesman for Derwinski refused to comment Tuesday.

       Florida's politicians and veterans' advocates often complain that while
military veterans have poured into the state, federal money for their health
care and other services has not. But last year, Derwinski told Congress that
Florida's veteran population, numbering 1.55-million, will start to decline in
1995.

       "I would say Florida has done very well in recent years. You have had an
aggressive delegation," Derwinski testified. ". . . Your population increase is
less than the myth that the Florida delegation continuously espouses."

       The flash point for the fight between Florida and Derwinski has been the
secretary's delays in choosing a site for a new hospital in Central Florida. It
would be Florida's sixth veterans' hospital.

       At least three times in the last year, Derwinski's agency has promised
Sen. Bob Graham, D-Fla., it would soon pick a site so construction can begin and
all three times, the VA has ignored its own deadline.

       Graham suspects that the White House budget office doesn't want to spend
the money at least $ 130-million to build the hospital. He speculates, too, that
politics is involved: Three Central Florida congressmen, two of them
Republicans, want the new hospital in their district. Until the state
Legislature completes redistricting, however, it will not be clear where the
representatives' new homes are.

       "The best that Derwinski is going to do is make one person happy and two
people mad," Graham said Tuesday. He added that further delay increases the
number of dissatisfied veterans.

       Of the call for Derwinski's resignation, Graham suggested voters who are
upset aim higher: "My own feeling is if the ship isn't going in the right
direction, you don't throw the second navigator overboard, you get rid of the
captain."

       Another Senate Democrat, Richard Shelby of Alabama, asked Derwinski to
resign last month soon after the Bush administration proposed that needy,
non-veterans be allowed medical treatment in VA hospitals. The Bush
administration withdrew the proposal after the Senate voted 91-3 to block it.

       The health-care initiative drew the ire of national veterans groups.
Robert E. Wallace, commander-in-chief of the 2.2-million member Veterans of
Foreign Wars (VFW), said last month that veterans "have lost confidence in their
secretary."

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Department of Veteran's Affiars Secretary Edward
Derwinski

                            Times Publishing Company

                              945 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 1, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

F.A.A. Considers Safety the Primary Mission;
Commuter Plane Tests

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 18;  Column 6;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 278 words


To the Editor:

Your March 23 editorial "Flight Hazard Neglected" misrepresents ATR's extensive
efforts to enhance the safety of its aircraft. Aircraft are not designed or
certified to fly in freezing drizzle or rain, not because of neglect, but
because available technology does not allow for sustained flight in those
conditions.

As with wind shear and the extreme downdrafts known as microbursts, safety
depends on detection and avoidance. That is why the Federal Aviation
Administration prohibits flight in freezing drizzle and rain.

Your suggestion that ATR concerns itself only with meeting minimal standards is
disappointing. ATR has over the years tested its aircraft in conditions far more
severe than those required by any certification standard.

We also have taken a number of actions to enhance safety, including the addition
of vortex generators and the installation of electronic ice detectors and ice
evidence probes.

We have further demonstrated our determination to meet more rigid standards by
testing the ATR-72 in flight in conditions that are five times more severe than
required for certification. No other aircraft, civilian or military, had
previously been exposed to such arduous tests.

Expert witnesses at the National Transportation Safety Board hearings on the
Roselawn, Ind., crash believe Flight 4184 may have encountered a rare,
hard-to-predict icing condition (news articles, March 2-4). The aviation
community has vastly improved the ability to predict and avoid wind shear. ATR
aims to match that progress for freezing drizzle and rain.

ALAIN BRODIN
President, ATR Marketing
Chantilly, Va., March 24, 1995

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                              946 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 14, 1993

FDIC Wants 1988 Thrift Deal Rescinded

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 464 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


The government wants back one of the Texas thrifts it sold in 1988.

Thrift investor James M. Fail has been sued by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corp. for allegedly lying to the government about his past when he bought 15
failed thrifts and formed Bluebonnet Saving Association here.

According to the FDIC, back in 1988, Mr. Fail responded "no" when asked on a
government form whether he had ever been indicted.

Back in 1976, Mr. Fail and his firm, United Security Holding Co., were indicted
for securities fraud in connection with the sale of an insurance company they
controlled.

Mr. Fail entered a plea of guilty for his company and entered into a personal
plea bargain agreement for himself.

The indictment against him was dismissed with prejudice back in 1976.  The
insurance company, which he sold, later failed amid allegations that its assets
were not worth what he claimed.

In its lawsuit against him, the FDIC says Mr. Fail's conduct, "evidences a
pattern of deception intended to conceal and misrepresent Fail's prior criminal
and civil legal history."

In its claim, the FDIC is asking that the government's assistance agreement with
the S&L be rescinded and that Fail resign from the thrift's board.

It is believed that if the FDIC is successful, the thrift would revert to
government ownership.

In 1988, as part of the government's "Southwest Plan," Mr. Fail bought
Bluebonnet -- an aggregation of 15 insolvent Texas thrifts -- with $ 3 billion
in Federal assistance.

The deals, which provided billions in financial assistance, were closed by the
now-defunct Federal Home Loan Bank Board and its chairman, M. Danny Wall.

It later was revealed that Mr. Fail used just $ 1,000 of his own money to buy
the S&L, borrowing the rest from ICH Corp., a Louisville, Ky., insurance
company, and its chairman Robert Shaw.

According to Sen. Howard Metzanbaum, D., Ohio, who looked into the transaction,
the sale was approved by regulators, in large part because of the lobbying
efforts of Robert Thompson, a former aide to George Bush when he was vice
president.

According to the Senator, Mr. Thompson capitalized on his friendship with the
FHLBB's Mr. Wall to get Fail's purchase approved, despite the fact that the
buyer was putting very little of his own money into the transaction.

Press reports in 1989 said Mr. Thompson was slated to receive $ 2.6 million for
his efforts.

The FDIC did not explain why Bluebonnet was allowed just last year to buy an
additional $ 425 million in failed thrift assets.

In 1991, Bluebonnet sued regulators, trying to enforce a financial assistance
agreement that covers the thrift's assets.  The dispute has yet to be settled.

Last week, Mr. Fail was unavailable for comment.

Bluebonnet now has $ 3.3 billion in assets.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.

                              947 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             April 13, 2012 Friday

Egg Farm Called 'Deplorable'

BYLINE: Tom Knapp

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 873  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

Hens are kept in "deplorable conditions" at a Manheim egg and dairy farm,
according to a report issued Thursday by the Humane Society of the United
States.

The allegations follow a six-week undercover operation at the Kreider Farms egg
factory.

According to the report, an investigation in February and March found severe
overcrowding, mummified bird carcasses, thick layers of dead flies on the floor
and other unsanitary conditions at a facility at 425 Indian Village Road.

Not so, company CEO and president Ron Kreider said in a prepared statement
Thursday.

"The allegations by HSUS are a gross distortion of Kreider Farms, our employees
and the way we care for our birds," Kreider said.

"Our birds are clean, active and healthy. We believe HSUS's allegations are
unfounded."

Tom Beachler, vice president of operations for Kreider Farms, said the Humane
Society "grossly misrepresents" conditions at the facility.

"It's fabricated. That's the method that they use," Beachler said in a telephone
interview Thursday afternoon. "We have absolutely nothing to hide because we are
doing everything right."

Beachler accused the HSUS of staging the film in order to discredit Kreider
Farms and whip up support for new legislation protecting hens.

"So many people have been on our farms, they understand how we operate," he
said. "That's the bottom line."

Kreider Farms keeps approximately 7 million egg-laying hens at facilities in
Manheim, Mount Joy, Middletown and Lebanon. Pennsylvania is the nation's
third-largest egg-producing state, according to the Associated Press, and
Kreider Farms is among its largest egg producers.

Among the Humane Society's findings:

nHens were kept in cages with only 54 to 58 square inches of space, which does
not give them enough room to spread their wings.

nInjured, infected and dead hens, including mummified bird carcasses, were found
in cages with live birds laying eggs for human consumption.

nThere was a thick layer of dead flies on the floors.

nHens' heads, legs and wings were trapped in cage wires and automated feeding
machinery.

nAmmonia levels were so high that workers often had to wear masks, and barns
were so dark that workers needed head lamps and flashlights.

nHens were left without water for several days when a water source
malfunctioned, causing many to die.

"Their quality of life is miserable day after day after day," HSUS president
Wayne Pacelle said. "This situation is intolerable."

The Humane Society also reported instances of salmonella at the facility.

In a statement to the media, Kreider Farms vice president for sales and
marketing Dave Andrews said one building tested positive for salmonella and has
been cleaned, but no eggs tested positive for the bacteria.

Andrews also said the Humane Society is misrepresenting conditions at the farm.

"They're taking select footage by going through a facility and finding a dead
bird or something that may look unsavory, and they're blowing that up on camera
and making this look like a representation of how we treat 5 million birds," he
said.

The Humane Society is calling for more support of federal legislation that would
improve conditions for hens.

Kreider Farms is one of only a few egg producers in the U.S. that does not
support federal legislation to improve conditions for egg-laying hens, according
to the report.

Although Kreider Farms is not a member of United Egg Producers, an organization
partnering with the Humane Society to promote higher standards for egg-producing
facilities, Kreider said "we fully support such legislation. More regulation
would actually benefit Kreider Farms; with our state-of-the-art facilities, we
would have the least to do to comply."

Kreider, in his statement to the press, said Kreider Farms "is considered one of
the most progressive egg companies in the United States."

The Food & Drug Administration picked Kreider Farms to help train its inspectors
in 2010, he said, and Kreider Farms was awarded the Family Farm Environmental
Excellence Award by the U.S. Poultry & Egg Association.

"We are leading the industry by tearing down old traditional-style egg houses
and replacing them with new state-of-the-art facilities," Kreider said. "More
than 80 percent of our chickens are housed in larger, modern cages.

"By comparison, 80 percent of U.S. caged egg production still houses birds in
older, traditional-style cages."

Kreider also questioned the legitimacy of the Humane Society report.

"We have no evidence of undercover activity inside our facilities, and there is
no evidence that HSUS video footage was taken inside Kreider Farms. There are
still many unanswered questions regarding how and when this video was shot,
edited and assembled," he said.

"Based upon HSUS's recent accusations, three official, spontaneous inspections
of our chicken houses were held on April 11. All three inspections provided us
with a "clean bill of health."

Kreider Farms came under fire earlier this year after an audit by U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement, an investigative arm of the Department of
Homeland Security, found that about 100 of its employees - one-third of the
Kreider Farms work force - had invalid documents, meaning they were ineligible
for employment in the United States.

tknapp@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Josh Balk, A Spokesman For The Humane Society Of The United States,
Speaks During A News Conference Thursday In Philadelphia. Balk Said Undercover
Investigators Found Deplorable Conditions At A Kreider Farms Egg Production
Facility In Lancaster County. Kreider Officials Denied The Allegations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              948 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 13, 1997 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                  City Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 946 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


WHITHER WATER?

The debate over water use in Nebraska continues. The central point in this
controversy is who will have the power to determine the use of Nebraska's water
-  those who live on or near the land or who depend on it for their livelihood,
or those who are detached from the land, many a state away, who want to set the
water aside for what to them are more worthwhile purposes. What has been
unfolding is a relentless campaign to discredit agricultural values underlying
the use of water for productive purposes. Attack on agricultural water use is
based on ignorance or indifference to the rural aspects of that way of life.

Who is the senator who leads the Natural Resources Committee that will seal the
fate of Nebraska water users? None other than Sen. Chris Beutler, an urban
senator, who proclaims that he is not anti-rural, in spite of the fact that he
admits to disagreeing on issues with Nebraska's ag organizations.

A fundamental part of this strategy would be to dismantle our water legislation,
dismantling the economic underpinnings of the rural way of life by "dividing and
conquering" or, more correctly, to "divide and ignore." We are all in this
together. We cannot let that happen.   Bill J. Schneider, Dwight

TAKING LICENSES WORKS

In her column ("License Suspension Act just another example of wishful thinking"
LJS, June 1), Sally Herrin misrepresents the main issues in criticizing LB752,
the License Suspension Act.

First, the bill's provisions apply only to those individuals who are in
violation of their court-ordered child support decree, by being at least three
months delinquent in their payments, and are not willing to develop a payment
plan for those arrears. Second, noncustodial parents have the right to apply for
a modification of their child support orders. They can request the Department of
Health and Human Services to review the support order for the possibility of
modification.

Despite these options for parents in violation of the law, Herrin sees the
noncustodial parents who refuse to make their court-ordered child support
payments as victims. In reality, the victims are the thousands of Nebraska
children who are not supported and the desperate custodial parents who can't
supply the bare necessities. Yet Herrin worries about the privacy of
noncustodial parents who failed to pay $76 million in child support last year in
Nebraska.

Herrin argues the law will not be effective, but the evidence shows otherwise.
Since Maine enacted a license revocation law in June 1993, the state had
collected $58.2 million in delinquent child support from 16,794 individuals as
of December 1996. North Carolina enacted its law in July 1996 and by January
1997, the state had collected $5.4 million in delinquent child support. Not one
state was cited where license revocation laws have failed to substantially
improve child support collection.

Finally, Herrin implies that the federal government is not serious about its
mandate for these changes. However, the distinct possibility that Nebraska will
lose as much as $78 million is no small risk. The Oklahoma Legislature
challenged federal intentions on this matter and had to back down.   Joni Gray,
Nebraska Commission on the Status of Women

CHURCH LEADS WAY

The Associated Press article "Across the globe, Catholic women tell of being
ignored by church" (LJS, May 31) was so obviously off the mark!

The examples of dowries had nothing to do with the Catholic Church. Acceptance
of the dowry practice has to do with a social attitude that women are not equal
to men as human beings.

Social attitude keeps women from getting paid equal wages. It allows men to
legally beat their wives. It insists women be covered from head to toe. It
causes parents to weep in sorrow when their newborn child is female, not male.

All God-fearing people should strive to teach Third World men that women are
human, too! Our government should more strongly condemn other governments for
disregarding human rights. The Catholic Church is already doing this.   Ann
Chalupa, Lincoln

WOMEN'S ROLES HONORED

As a practicing Catholic and woman, I found the Associated Press article "Across
the globe, Catholic women tell of being ignored by church" one-sided and
inaccurate on the role of many Catholic people today.

A brief look into the history and current standing of the Catholic Church
reveals that women were often in the spotlight in church policy and social
reformations. St. Hildegard of Bingen was an accomplished abbess; St. Catherine
of Siena was an advisor to the pope. Today, women such as Mother Teresa and
Sister Helen Prejean are influential and respected because of their works and
writings. These are only a fraction of a percent of the contributions women have
made to the church. .

Just because a few people or parishes are guilty of sexism does not indicate
that the Catholic Church, as a whole, is sexist.

I have experienced more discrimination by non-Catholics toward Catholicism than
discrimination against women within my own religion. I am very aware and
familiar with the Catholic Church's teaching concerning female ordination, and I
have never been offended by it. In fact, I am pursuing a degree in theology, and
I see many opportunities for myself working with and for the Catholic Church.
Rebecca Sposato, Lincoln

The Journal Star welcomes readers' comments. Letters to the editor must include
the writer's name, address and home and work telephone numbers. Please sign
letters that are mailed, faxed or hand-delivered. The editors may edit and
condense letters. Send letters to Letter to Editor, Lincoln Journal Star, P.O.
Box 81689, Lincoln, NE 68501. Fax: 473-7291. E-mail: oped@nebweb.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION: The author incorrectly spelled the name as Mother Theresa.
Unpublished correction

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1997 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              949 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 27, 1980, Saturday, Final Edition

Administration, Politicians Hit Sun Belt Report;
Administration Officials, Politicians Sharply Attack Sun Belt Report

BYLINE: By Dan Balz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 967 words


Carter administration officials and politicians from the Northeast and Midwest
yesterday sharply attacked a report by a presidential commission that urges the
country to accept the inevitable decline of many older cities and recommends
federal programs to aid in the ongoing population migration to the Sun Belt.

The report, prepared by the President's Commission for a National Agenda for the
Eighties, will not be presented formally to President Carter for several weeks,
but the draft section on urban policy already has created a storm of protest,
with some officials calling on Carter to disavow his commission.

Milwaukee Mayor Henry Maier, a member of an advisory panel to the commission,
took issue with the urban policy recommendations earlier this month and urged
substantial changes.  "Should the changes which I recommend in this letter not
be contained in your final report, you may consider this letter as my formal
resignation from the advisory committee," he said.

HUD Assistant Secretary Robert Embry and his deputy, Marshall Kaplan, wrote an
angry letter to the commission's executive director, Claude Barfield, arguing
that the report "contains many regrettable inaccuracies and several misleading
statements." The two have made their disagreements known to the White House.

"Our fundamental complaint is that there is no rationale for the recommendations
and that its recommendations would be harmful to urban areas and poor people,"
Kaplan said yesterday, adding that the report also misrepresents the urban
policies of the Carter administration.

Rep. Robert W. Edgar (D-Pa.), head of the Northwest-Midwest coalition in the
House, said the urban policy section "is not only irresponsible but will force
us to simply reject one region of the country as hopeless.I think it's silly
thinking."

Edgar is urging Carter to reject the report, and has asked other members of the
House, including Speaker Thomas P. (Tip) O'Neill Jr. (D-Mass.), to join him.
White House officials are reviewing both the draft report and the critique from
Embry and Kaplan, with Edgar's proposal in mind.

"We haven't decided what to recommend to the president, but it won't be to
embrace the report," one White House official said yesterday.  "The report is
obviously misguided, and fundamentally misunderstands what this president has
done the last four years."

Lee Jones, executive director to Gary, Ind., Mayor Richard Hatcher, president of
the U.S. Conference of Mayors, said the "whole tenor of the report is benign
neglect, and it is the mayor's opinion that benign neglect was not acceptable
when applied to black people [by the Nixon administration] and it won't be
acceptable when applied to the cities of the Northeast and Midwest."

The commission was created in the summer of 1979, shortly after the July speech
in which Carter said the country suffered from a malaise.  It was the brainchild
of Hedley Donovan, retired editor-in-chief of Time Inc., and a former adviser to
Carter.  The commission was chaired by Dr. William McGill, retired president of
Columbia University.

The full product of the commission's labors will be a summary report and nine
panel reports.  It is the draft panel report on urban policy that is under
attack.

The urban policy draft says that "growth and decline are integral parts of the
same dynamic process in urban life," and urges the federal government not to
attempt to reverse the process.

"There is a fundamental problem in attempting to halt the shrinkage of
metropolitan areas," the report said, urging that government resources be used
"in planning for the future and helping people to adjust" to those changes.

Among specific recommendations are retaining and relocation assistance.
Recognizing "traumatic consequences" for the declining cities if the changes
occurred overnight, the commission report recommends programs to cushion the
effects of a declining tax base and loss of population.

"The report dismisses the role the federal government has played in development
of the Sun Belt over the last several decades," said Tom Cochran, director of
the Northeast-Midwest Institute.  "A whole set of policies were designed to
develop the Sun Belt.  The few things the Carter administration was able to
accomplish have only begun to bring the federal role back into balance."

The commission had had no official response, but a staff member, who asked not
to be identified, yesterday called the urban policy section "the most original
and most controversial" part of the commission's work.

He said it was much more balanced than its critics contend, and said the urban
section was "exhaustively debated and discussed.  This was not done in a fit of
absent-mindedness.  Nor is it a recommendation to abandon the cities and abandon
the people in them."

He said critics failed to look at the urban proposals as part of the overall
report, which includes such recommendations as a negative income tax to replace
current welfare programs and federal assumption of welfare costs to relieve the
burden of many big cities.

"The report is more pro-people than pro-place," he said.  "And there should be
aid to cities that are declining.  But it's fair to say that we are skeptical
that the federal government can turn around the decline."

He also said the overall tone of the report is not anti-government.  "At a
conservative time, we are recommending a national health insurance program and
welfare reform," he said.  The health program calls for a system of vouchers
that would let the public choose its own program, rather than a
government-controlled system.  He said the report also calls for a substantial
federal role in protecting the environment and the workplace and in assuring
civil rights.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post

                              950 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 25, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

SPENDING IT;
A Mortgage Broker Fee on the Ropes

BYLINE: By CAROL MARIE CROPPER

SECTION: Section 3; Page 10; Column 1; Money and Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 689 words


THE battle between home buyers and the mortgage industry intensified recently
when a Federal appeals court ruled that certain fees banks pay to mortgage
brokers were little more than kickbacks.

At issue is an estimated $7 billion annually in "yield spread premiums," the
fees the mortgage lenders pay the brokers for sending customers to them for
their loans. They are paid when the mortgage broker gets the home buyer to pay
an interest rate higher than he could otherwise get at the same bank.

Consumer advocates say banning the fees will mean lower interest rates for home
buyers using brokers.

But the banking industry says that the premium is an accepted way to compensate
brokers who generate loans for them, and that it cuts a buyer's closing costs by
shifting part of the broker's fee, otherwise paid by the borrower, to the
lender.

Still, in a growing number of lawsuits around the country, home buyers and
consumer advocates say the fee is little more than an inducement for a broker to
misrepresent the lowest available mortgage rates.

Earlier this month, the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit in
Atlanta ruled in Culpepper v. Inland Mortgage that the $1,263 yield spread
premium paid by Inland to a broker was a violation of the Federal Real Estate
Settlement Procedure Act's rule against kickbacks.

It was the first decision on the issue by an appellate court and it overturned a
summary judgment by the Federal District Court in Birmingham, Ala., that the fee
was permissible. Unless reversed, the appellate ruling will govern cases brought
in the circuit, which includes Alabama, Florida and Georgia. Lower courts in
other jurisdictions could also look to it as a precedent.

The decision came in a 1996 suit against the Inland Mortgage Corporation, now
known as the Irwin Mortgage Corporation, based in Indianapolis. A Birmingham
couple, John and Patricia Culpepper, sued after taking out a $76,000 home loan
in 1995.

They contended that, while they had paid Premiere Mortgage, the broker that
prepared their loan papers, a $760 origination fee, Inland had paid the
additional premium because Premiere wrote the loan at an interest rate of 7.5
percent rather than the 7.25 percent they could have qualified for at Inland.

"It is undisputed that the payment of the yield spread premium was not tied to
the quantity or quality of the services that Premiere provided," the court
ruled. "Rather, the sole determinant of whether a yield spread premium would be
paid was the interest rate on the loan."

The Mortgage Bankers Association of America, in a friend-of-the-court brief
supporting Inland's position, estimated that lenders paid brokers, who now
arrange more than half of all mortgage loans, $7 billion in such fees in 1996.

David Donaldson, the Culpeppers' lawyer, called the ruling "a landmark decision
that protects consumers against these abusive practices."

"Unless the mortgage banking industry wants to violate the law, they're going to
have to change," he said.

Lawyers for the industry, though, said the ruling might not be that big a
victory for home buyers, since it did not address whether the case, which was
sent back to the District Court for final disposition, would become a class
action.

A class-action lawsuit would be a major headache for the industry, said William
Cumberland, general counsel for the Mortgage Bankers Association. "Class actions
don't go to trial," he said. "The threat of loss is so great that you've got to
settle."

Even when there is no class-action threat, the industry has been settling some
cases. Last year, for example, a Federal district judge in Virginia found
against the practice of yield spread premiums. But the case was settled after
the judge denied the motion for class-action certification.

Robert Platte, a lawyer for Irwin Mortgage, argued that it was also unclear
whether the ruling calling the fee a violation of the real estate act is open
for reconsideration when the case goes back to the lower court. Irwin has not
decided whether it will ask the appeals court to reconsider its opinion, Mr.
Platte said.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              951 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

Owner of Saul Farms Sentenced Bernard Saul to Serve 36 Months in Prison

LENGTH: 1127  words


BOISE -- Bernard Saul, 58, of Bliss, Idaho, the owner of Saul Farms, was
sentenced today in United States District Court to 36 months in prison, followed
by three years of supervised release, for the crimes of wire fraud and money
laundering, U.S. Attorney Wendy J. Olson announced.  Senior U.S. District Court
Judge Edward J. Lodge also ordered Saul to forfeit $1,903,727 and pay a fine of
$7,500.  Saul pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud and one count of money
laundering on March 29, 2016.

Sauls conviction and sentence arose out of his misbranding conventional,
non-organic alfalfa seed as organic alfalfa seed, which he then sold for
$1,903,727 more than the seed was worth.  He did not tell his customers that
they were actually purchasing conventional, non-organic alfalfa seed.  Sauls
wife, Roza Saul, pleaded guilty on March 28, 2016, to a one-count information
charging her with delivery of a misbranded food product.  Roza Saul will be
sentenced on June 20, 2016.

Bernard Saul committed a basic fraud, said Olson.  Business people who
misrepresent their product in order to make more money than their product is
worth cheat both their customers and honest, fair businesses.  This sentence
sends the clear message that owners of businesses who cut corners in this way
will be punished, and will not be able to keep the proceeds of their crime.

The USDA OIG has the responsibility for protecting the integrity of the National
Organic Program (NOP), said Lori Chan, Special Agent-in-Charge, United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA), Office of Inspector General (OIG), Western
Region.  OIG conducts investigations in each region of the U.S. to deter and
uncover criminal activity that undermines the organic program.  Producers who
engage in NOP fraud exploit the publics trust by certifying agricultural
products are organic when in fact they are not.  The OIG at USDA works to ensure
the public agricultural products certified as organic are truly organic.

According to the plea agreement, Saul was the co-owner of Saul Farms, marketing
as Bliss Seeds LLC.  Saul Farms was located in Bliss, Idaho, and produced,
handled, and sold alfalfa seeds labeled as organic, among other crops.

Under applicable federal regulations, to be sold or labeled as organic, an
agricultural product generally (i) must have been produced and handled without
the use of synthetic chemicals, (ii) must not have been produced on land to
which any prohibited substances, including synthetic chemicals, have been
applied during the preceding three years, and (iii) must have been produced and
handled in compliance with an appropriate organic plan.  Also, an entity that
intended to sell or label agricultural products as organic first had to be
certified as an organic producer or handler according to applicable regulations.

According to the plea agreement, from 2010 through 2015, Saul annually applied
to the Idaho State Department of Agriculture and Natures International
Certification Services for United States Department of Agriculture organic
certifications to produce and handle organic alfalfa seeds on Saul Farms.  In
the applications, and during site inspections, Saul represented that Saul Farms
grew organic alfalfa seed on between 42 and 81 acres, and produced between
35,000 and 50,000 pounds of organic alfalfa seed per year.  During 2010 through
2015, organic alfalfa seed sold for more than one dollar more per pound than
conventional, non-organic alfalfa seed.

According to the plea agreement, from 2010 through 2015, Saul purchased
conventional, non-organic alfalfa seed from Andrews Seed, Quarter J Circle
Farms, McClintick Farms, and United Seed Services in the following approximate
amounts: 66,403 pounds for 2010; 304,891 pounds in 2011; 438,288 pounds in 2012;
545,182 pounds in 2013; 447,218 pounds in 2014; and 334,371 pound for the first
nine months of 2015.  Saul knowingly and intentionally misbranded these seeds as
organic alfalfa seeds, and sold them to customers Albert Lea, Kings Agriseeds,
Blue River Hybrid, Byron Seeds, and Foundation Organic at the higher organic
price and received the following payments:  $182,000 for 2010; $891,661 for
2011; $1,910,583 for 2012; $1,538,763 for 2013; $1,645,910 for 2014; and
$921,520 for the first nine months of 2015.

According to the plea agreement, for the years 2010 through 2015, Saul knowingly
and intentionally did not disclose to the United States Department of
Agriculture, Idaho State Department of Agriculture and Natures International
Certification Services Saul Farms purchases of conventional, non-organic alfalfa
seeds from Andrews Seed, Quarter Circle J Farms, McClintick Farms, and United
Seed Services, and Saul Farms sales of alfalfa seed  represented as organic  to
customers Albert Lea, Kings Agriseeds, Blue River Hybrid, Byron Seeds, and
Foundation Organic.  As a result, Saul obtained $1,903,727 more from the
customers than they should have paid.

Also, according to the plea agreement, Saul engaged in monetary transactions
with the proceeds of the fraudulent sales.  From 2012 through 2015, Saul made
the following purchases with the proceeds of the fraudulent sales: a 438-acre
parcel of real property in Buhl, Idaho for $1,000,000; a 2012 Coachman
Freelander recreational vehicle for $20,000 (partial payment); a 2014 Polar
Kraft boat, engine, and trailer for $41,553; 2015 Dodge Ram 2500 Truck for
$36,505; and a $90,000 cashiers check.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the United
States Department of Agriculture, Office of Inspector General, and Internal
Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF), which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes.  With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. attorneys offices
and state and local partners, its the broadest coalition of law enforcement,
investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud.  Since its
formation, the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased
investigation and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and
cooperation among federal, state and local authorities; addressing
discrimination in the lending and financial markets and conducting outreach to
the public, victims, financial institutions and other organizations.  Over the
past three fiscal years, the Justice Department has filed more than 10,000
financial fraud cases against nearly 15,000 defendants including more than 2,700
mortgage fraud defendants.  For more information on the task force, visit
www.stopfraud.gov. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              952 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Forest Fire Prevention

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Tom McClintock has issued the following news
release:



  We meet at a time of crisis for our national forests. They are dying. In my
district that comprises the Sierra Nevada, more than 1,000 square miles of
forest have been destroyed by catastrophic wild fire in the last three years.





 Letter to the Editor - Sacramento Bee

 February 18, 2016

 Matt Weiser grossly misrepresents both Republican federal lands policy and my
leadership of the House subcommittee that oversees it.



 Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015 Introduced

 July 30, 2015 Press Release

 Congressman Tom McClintock (R-CA) and Congressman Mark Amodei (R-NV) introduced
legislation yesterday to address catastrophic wildfire and invasive species
threats to Lake Tahoe and the Tahoe Basin.  The Federal Lands Subcommittee
chaired by McClintock had already considered the preliminary draft of H.R.



 Resilient Forests Act

 July 9, 2015 Press Release

 Excess timber comes out of the forest one way or the other.  It is either
carried out or it is burned out. When we carried it out, we had healthy forests
and a thriving economy. We managed our National Forests according to
well-established and time-tested forest management practices that prevented
vegetation and wildlife from overgrowing the ability of the land to support it.



 Federal Lands Subcommittee Hearing: Litigation and Increased Planning's Impact
on Our Nation's Overgrown, Fire-Prone National Forests

 May 14, 2015

 WASHINGTON, D.C. - Today, the House Natural Resources Subcommittee on Federal
Lands held an oversight hearing on the impact of litigation on forest
management, the U.S. Forest Service's response to the growing challenge of
litigation and related impacts upon forest health.



 Federal Lands Subcommittee Hearing: The Devastating Impacts of Wildland Fires
and the Need to Better Manage our Overgrown, Fire Prone National Forests

 April 23, 2015

 Over the past thirty years, we have seen an 80 percent reduction in timber
harvested from our national forests, and in the same period a concomitant
increase in acreage destroyed by fire. This phenomenon far predates the Western
drought and was best summed up by a forester long ago who observed, "All that
excess timber comes out of the forests one way or the other. It is either
CARRIED OUT or it is BURNED OUT. But it comes OUT."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              953 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

April 4 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor, Contra Costa Times © 2014 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 695 words


Good-faith critical to all negotiations

Jeff Rubin's letter misrepresents Local 1230's Public Employees Relations Board
complaint against Pinole.

We filed "unfair labor practice" charges with PERB. A public employer and the
union are obligated to bargain in good faith under the Meyer-Milias Brown Act
(MMB). A violation by either party can lead to a PERB complaint.

The administrative law judge upheld one of our charges, alleging unlawful
negotiation tactics, not overtime. When you lose a PERB complaint, you're
assessed damages.

Is Rubin suggesting Pinole violate the law and not pay for it? The judge must
determine a way to restore the damages caused by the unlawful act. Overtime pay
could be used to determine damages.

To avoid legal fees or payment of damages, the city should bargain in "good
faith," as the law requires. When bargaining, I must represent my members in a
lawful manner -- as must city representatives. Failing to do so leads to legal
costs and damages.

Rubin ignores the fact the judge ruled in our favor.

When MMB is violated, there's a price to pay. Whether overtime's the method the
judge chose to use to determine damages is moot.

Vincent Wells

Martinez Wells is the president of United Professional Firefighters of Contra
Costa County, Local 1230.

Measure C must lose at the polls

While I agree with Richmond developer Richard Poe's recent letter that a parcel
tax to help Doctors Medical Center is unjust, his trying to dump the burden on
Kaiser Permanente is self-serving and equally unjust.

It's self-serving because Poe owns much property in Richmond and unjust because
Kaiser already has poured millions into DMC in the past, along with other
donors.

To my knowledge, more than 90 percent of Kaiser profits go right back into their
health plan to improve and maintain services to millions of members. On the
other hand, Poe's profits go to closing down neighborhood grocery stores (yes,
Amini's) and trying to convince the city of Richmond to build luxury housing on
the waterfront.

Measure C needs to go down in defeat, and in its place Richmond should impose a
sales tax, the burden of which will be shared by everyone in our fair city.

Pat Kiely

Richmond

Putin's acts must have consequence

I feel the United States should immediately impose strong, meaningful, sanctions
on Russia because of Vladimir Putin's actions in Ukraine.

I'm not suggesting military action, but I am suggesting unilateral action, if
necessary. For instance: Freeze all Russian bank accounts in the United States
and lift all U.S. visas for Russians.

If you don't think Putin is our concern, I summon your memory to the dangers and
costs of not confronting madmen.

President Barack Obama has chosen to sanction seven Russian individuals, one of
whom has described those sanctions as something  ... written by some joker." A
Russian deputy foreign minister described the president's decree as  ... a
reflection of a pathological unwillingness to acknowledge reality." I refer to
the March 18 Times article on Ukraine.

I never thought I'd agree so strongly with Russian politicians over my
president, particularly in the area of foreign policy.

Daniel Mauthe

Livermore

Different times, same messages

I'm amused to observe that Woody Guthrie and Milton Friedman were born within
weeks of each other, 100 years ago.

Friedman gave us the rationale for the concept that an unfettered "free market"
will solve all economic problems. This led directly to the "greed is good"
mentality of the Reagan/Bush years. Friedman idolized Ayn Rand and the
"nobility" of the 1 percent.

Guthrie gave us "This Land Is Your Land" and a thousand other songs celebrating
the dignity and worth of the 99 percent. His words gave voice to and inspired
the multitudes who suffered for the blunders of Wall Street
speculators/gamblers.

Friedman said, essentially, that you can make it if you're willing to step on
anyone on your way to the top.

Guthrie's message was that if we all worked together there would be enough for
all.

In the words of Guthrie: "California is a garden of Eden, a paradise to live in
or to see. But believe it or not you won't find it so hot, if you ain't got the
Do Re Mi."

Larry Forsberg

Berkeley

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              954 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday

Insulted By Editorial On Pit Bulls

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


In response to "Pit bull unsuitable as a family pet," I have only one question:
How fallacious can the editors of Lancaster Newspapers get? How many tedious
bits of misconception and misrepresentation can be crammed into a single
article?

As the owner of two pit bulls, I am insulted and angered by this editorial. It
misrepresents an entire breed, generalizes and stereotypes in the way people
used to stereotype blondes as dumb and so on. It is wrong. It is unconscionable.

As the manager of a dog rescue, I feel undermined in my community work here in
Lancaster. Your editorial hurts local businesses and nonprofits that aim to set
straight the record on this breed.

As a pet therapy volunteer for a local hospice organization, I am beyond
defeated. My pit bull mix is a therapy dog, a dog that offers comfort to dying
people in our community. He does the opposite of what you accuse him of doing.

As someone with more common sense and dignity than the editors, I'd encourage
the use of a muzzle for these writers' unfounded and fallacious statements. They
are more dangerous than the breed they demonize.

Meghan MacNamara

Lititz

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              955 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday

Review: Feedback: Asian stories

BYLINE: Kavita Bhanot

SECTION: GUARDIAN REVIEW PAGES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 184 words


I am the editor of Too Asian, Not Asian Enough, reviewed last week by Sarfraz
Manzoor ("In search of the new", 5 November). Manzoor uses the following
(mis)quotation from my introduction: "Some of us feel that these stories have
nothing to do with our lives, some of us don't want to write about our lives at
all." This actually conflates three sentences: "Some of us feel that these
stories have nothing to do with our lives. Some of us identify with the themes
but want to find other ways to write about them. Some of us don't want to write
about our lives at all."

By using his quotation, Manzoor misrepresents the whole argument of the
introduction, which is quite the opposite of his distorted version: "that
today's new generation are so over all that culture-clash nonsense." That isn't
at all what the introduction says. Most of it is an elaboration of the missing
middle sentence, arguing that some British Asian writers do want to engage with
the familiar stories, including stories about inter-generational conflict, but
in fresh, perhaps more complex and sympathetic ways.

Kavita Bhanot

Manchester

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              956 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 12, 2011 Monday

On your mind

SECTION: IDEAS & VOICES; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 514 words


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

Lovelace didn't express concerns

Re "Foe using Lovelace's lapsed website," Aug. 28: I served as chair of the
Stonewall Democrats in 2007, the organization that led the drive for a Dayton
ordinance prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender
identity.

Dayton City Commissioner Dean Lovelace's recently reported reasons for his
opposition to that ordinance misrepresent the facts and cast serious doubt on
his intent.

The commissioner was invited to my house to take part in a constructive
discussion about the ordinance with myself, my partner and several community
members, months before the ordinance was voted on. He came and listened
respectfully, but he had no comment about the proposed ordinance at the time,
and wouldn't say whether he would support or oppose it. We urged the
commissioner to bring any concerns to us as we continued to work on passage of
the ordinance.

He never contacted me or other members of the group with any concerns. Months
later, at the meeting that the ordinance was being voted upon, he expressed his
desire for "constructive discussion."

I have no idea what comment was made, or by whom, that compared gay rights to
the civil rights movement. If he felt that lesbian, gay, bisexual or
transgendered people did not face discrimination, he never raised that issue in
the months-long process. - TONY BALLIS, DAYTON

Stop building homes near ocean

I'm sure our homeowners' insurance will be going up due to Hurricane Irene.

Some people insist on building at the ocean's edge or at the mountain's edge. We
common people, who can't afford places like that, are punished and our rates go
up, due to the fact these people insist on rebuilding again and again.

The insurance companies need to stop insuring these million-dollar-plus places
that get destroyed by nature. Of course, they can afford a rate increase - I
can't. - EDWIN HIGH, MORAINE

SPEAK UP

The most obvious way to create jobs in our country is to put an end to
outsourcing to China, India and the Philippines, etc. For example, supposedly
one million manufacturing jobs have been created in China for Apple computers.
Our leaders can be so dumb.

The greed of labor unions has ruined another fine organization. This time, it's
the United States Postal Service.

FACEBOOK

Here's how some of our Facebook friends reacted to a story headlined, "Sales of
designer drugs persist as state ban nears."

Bryan Hellard: Why isn't rubber cement banned? Not sexy like bath salts or
something? Let's start banning everything that people don't use for its intended
purpose.

Laura Anne Lambert: If everything that people can abuse was made illegal, there
wouldn't be much left to buy on the shelves. We can ban bath salts, rubber
cement, decongestants, all aerosol products that can be "huffed," etc. It will
not stop people from finding some substance to misuse.

Darryl Baker: This is one time I'll agree with Ron Paul - he held a town
hall-style meeting where he said, "If drugs were legalized ... would you take
them?" Most of the audience pretty much said no. Kinda made the point.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              957 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            October 29, 2010 Friday

Why the doubters are wrong about Obama

BYLINE:  DAVID A. HARRIS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 828 words


Edward Klein and Richard Chesnoff, two well-respected journalists, have
unfortunately decided to misrepresent the facts about President Barack Obama's
relationship with Israel and the American Jewish community in their recent
magazine feature. The pair has taken to recycling myths and using questionable
polling data in their essay on the supposed "[The] Jewish problem with Obama"
(October 15).

We have seen repeatedly since before Obama took office all of the baseless
right-wing smears intended to undermine the actual work that he and his
administration are doing. In the age of social media and e-mail, these myths
have spread like wildfire across the Internet.

Perhaps if Klein and Chesnoff had been following National Jewish Democratic
Council on Facebook and Twitter, they would have seen the overwhelming wave of
materials that reflect the truth about the Obama administration.

NONETHELESS, HERE are the facts: Obama has taken clear and decisive steps since
day one to enhance the administration's relationship with the Jewish community.
To name just a few of the things he has done, Obama has made the Pessah Seder an
annual White House tradition; he has held frank and honest discussions with
Jewish leaders on the heels of each Rosh Hashana since taking office; and the
Obama family hosted the "first-ever" reception celebrating the contributions of
Jewish Americans to all facets of our society. Leading administration officials
have been engaged in an ongoing dialogue with the Jewish community - Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton spoke to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee,
senior adviser to the president David Axelrod addressed the NJDC, National
Security Adviser James Jones delivered remarks to the Washington Institute for
Near East Policy, and Vice President Joe Biden is set to give remarks before the
General Assembly of the Jewish Federations of North America next month. But
these exchanges of course barely scratch the surface.

And when it comes to Israel, Obama has demonstrated an unshakeable commitment to
preserving the US-Israel relationship and ensuring Israel's security. Obama
requested and received $2.8 billion for directly assisting Israel's security -
the largest amount in US history specifically allocated for its security
apparatus. Obama noted, "My administration has provided more security assistance
to Israel than any administration in history. And we've got greater security
cooperation between our two countries than at any time in our history. And the
single most important threat to Israel - Iran, and its potential possession of a
nuclear weapon - has been my No. 1 foreign policy priority over the course of
the last 18 months."

The president's determination to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran has been crystal
clear. Under his leadership, the UN, the US, the European Union, Australia and
others have imposed harsh sanctions. As Israel's Ambassador to the US Michael
Oren stated about the president, "He's had a very robust position on Iran.
Again, I don't think people understand fully just how determined he is to
prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons."

Oren added, "Over the course of this year, you saw no daylight between our
governments" vis-^-vis Iran.

OBAMA IS also clearly determined to broker a peace agreement between Israel and
the Palestinian Authority while ensuring Israel's security. Prime Minister
Binyamin Netanyahu recently said that he "trust[s] Barack Obama, president of
the United States, to carry out with me the policies that have joined Israel and
the United States. And what Barack Obama has called the 'unbreakable bond.' We
have common goals, common interests. And we now have a job to do to get on with
our common goal of achieving peace with security. I trust we'll be able to do
that together."

During recent remarks at the UN, Obama left no doubt of his unwavering
commitment to create peace while also defending Israel's legitimacy, saying
forcefully, "It should be clear to all that efforts to chip away at Israel's
legitimacy will only be met by the unshakeable opposition of the United States."

Obama hasn't just said he's committed to Israel and the Jewish community, he's
taken real, undisputable action. Perhaps that's why a recent Gallup poll found
American Jews have remained consistently more supportive of him than Americans
in general - and by the same margin since the day he was elected.

Klein and Chesnoff can continue to repeat debunked myths (the supposed dinner
snub, "blood and treasure" and "the joke" figure prominently in their writing),
cite questionable polling data and join in the chorus of voices baffled by
Jewish liberalism. But the fact is that American Jews have not bought into the
smears being thrown at Obama, and they are staying with the Democratic Party.
Why? Because the Democratic Party remains the natural home for Jewish values -
plain and simple.

The writer is president and CEO of the National Jewish Democratic Council
(www.njdc.org).

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: RIGHT OF REPLY. Most American Jews have not bought into the vicious
smears being thrown at the president, and they are staying with the Democratic
Party

GRAPHIC: Photo: US PRESIDENT Barack Obama delivers remarks at the DCCC reception
in Providence, Rhode Island, on Monday. Sitting on stage behind Obama is
Providence Mayor and Democratic Congressional candidate David Cicilline.
(Credit: AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              958 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Reville is a strong supporter of high standards

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Letter To The Editor

LENGTH: 481 words


Pioneer Institute Executive Director Jim Stergios  "look back" on Education
Secretary Paul Reville s role in the 1993 education reform law is totally
inaccurate (letter to The Sun, published Aug. 11). We don t know where Stergios
was from 1990 to 1993, but we were all in the room with Reville when the initial
draft of the  93 reform law was put together, and at least one of us   often all
of us   attended virtually all the key meetings leading up to passage of the
law, including the meetings of the Massachusetts Business Alliance for Education
(MBAE) where many of the original proposals were formulated, the legislative
working groups, and the sessions in Governor Weld s office where the key points
were hammered out between the governor, the legislative leadership, and the
MBAE.

Mr. Stergios has taken a few quotes out of context in a way that misrepresents
the role Secretary Reville played in the development and enactment of the 1993
statute. Contrary to the inaccurate conclusions Stergios draws from these
quotes, Reville was a consistent supporter of setting high standards for
Massachusetts students, of the MCAS exams linked to those standards, and of
inclusion of charter schools in the 1993 legislation. Stergios suggests that
somehow the framers of education reform were a group that did not include
Reville and disagreed with him. Nothing could be further from the truth. There
were very few people in the room when the first draft of the reform law was laid
out; these few included Reville and the five of us. There was no disagreement
amongst this group on the key issues. The reform law took the shape it did
because of Reville s role, not despite it.

Stergios disagrees with Secretary Reville on the adoption of the common core
standards. He has every right to his opinion; to the extent that Pioneer
advances arguments based on analysis and facts, as it has often done in the
past, it makes a useful and important contribution to public-policy debates in
Massachusetts. Each of us agrees with some of Reville s policy positions as
secretary and disagrees on others. But Reville s role in education reform 20
years ago is irrelevant to the merits of changing Massachusetts  education
frameworks. And using completely false character assassination in lieu of
debating the merits of the issues on the table today should have no place in
civilized political discussion.

HENRY DINGER, TRIPP JONES, ED MOSCOVITCH, MARK ROOSEVELT and JOHN SCHNEIDER

Editor s note: Henry Dinger, an attorney representing MBAE, wrote the initial
draft of the 1993 reform statute. Mark Roosevelt, now superintendent of schools
in Pittsburgh, was chairman of the House Education Committee in 1993; Tripp
Jones was staff director for the committee and John Schneider was director of
research. Ed Moscovitch, a consultant to the MBAE in 1993, wrote the first
version of the Chapter 70 formula.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              959 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   April 10, 1996, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

PUBLIC AGENDA;
WHAT METRO GOVERNMENTS ARE DOING;
Cookie millionaire will try to take away Newt Gingrich's job

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 02C

LENGTH: 954 words


Nineteen years ago, the first batch of cookies from Michael Coles' fledgling
sweet shop burned so badly that the fire department responded to his store at
Perimeter Mall. Now a millionaire with a national chain of cookie outlets, Coles
is starting his first political campaign, trying to unseat Georgia's top
Republican.

The 52-year-old founder of the Great American Cookie Co., who launched his bi d
for House Speaker Newt Gingrich's 6th District seat on Tuesday, admits it won't
be easy.

But Coles, the presumptive leader in a three-man Democratic primary field, says
he has faced bigger challenges: building a $ 100 million cookie company from an
$ 8,000 investment and regaining use of his legs after a life-threatening
accident.

"I will not stand by and let Newt Gingrich with his political posturing continue
to misrepresent the people of this district," Coles declared. He pledges to
spend at least $ 250,000 of his own money on the overall campaign, and some
supporters anticipate that Coles will spend up to $ 3 million.

Charles Bullock, a University of Georgia political scientist, said Coles has "an
awfully steep hill to climb" if he wants to overtake Gingrich in what is
considered a safe Republican district. But if Coles can engage Gingrich in a
competitive race, "it makes him a winner for the Democrats nationwide because he
keeps Gingrich on the sidelines."

Coles must defeat fellow Democrats in the primary in order to face Gingrich in
the fall. So far, the field includes homeowner activist Cliff Oxford and Tony
Center.

Gingrich is expected to attack his Democratic challenger by billing Democrats as
pawns of bureaucrats and labor unions. But supporters say that stereotype is
hard to affix to Coles.

"Michael is a conservative at heart," said Larry Stephens, past chairman of the
Cobb Chamber of Commerce and a frequent Republican voter.

ATLANTA

CAMPBELL AIDES KEEP CARS: Mayor Bill Campbell has vetoed City Council
legislation that would have taken city-owned cars from the mayor's close aides
and department heads. The Campbell administration was expected to announce the
mayor's decision today. Campbell was in Washington today to attend U.S. Commerce
Secretary Ron Brown's funeral. The legislation, proposed by Council President
Marvin Arrington, would have ended a decades-old tradition of providing cars,
including leather- seated Ford Crown Victorias, to mayoral aides. Under the
vetoed legislation, workers at the airport, public works department and mayor's
office would have received $ 350 monthly stipends to lease, repair, gas and
insure cars. The cars, fuel and repairs are now provided free by the city.

DeKALB COUNTY

EMORY THREATS CASE: Felony charges against three black Emory University students
accused of making terroristic threats against a white student were waived
Tuesday, and the case was bound over to DeKalb County's Magistrate Court, where
attorneys for both sides are expected to try to resolve the case through
mediation. The charges stem from a Jan. 25 incident in which the black students
allegedly physically threatened the white student. They reportedly were
retaliating against him because he had allegedly assaulted a black freshman the
day before. The white student was charged with misdemeanor simple assault.
Supporters of the black students have continually protested the disparity
between the felony charges against the black students and the misdemeanor charge
against the white student.

MATHIS SITE PURCHASE OK'd: South DeKalb arts patrons will launch a fund-raising
drive to build a new arts center at the old Mathis Dairy site after a vote by
the DeKalb County Commission on Tuesday to purchase the 20- acre tract. In a 6-1
vote, the commission agreed to spend $ 100,000 to buy the property and an
additional $ 50,000 for seed money to rehabilitate 8,000 square feet of building
space that survived a February fire. Commissioner Elaine Boyer cast the sole
dissenting vote, arguing that the county has a nearly $ 1 million shortfall in
its budget. But in a separate action Tuesday, the board voted to reduce its
payments to the county's employee pension fund to free up about $ 7 million in
revenue. County officials said the move will not affect the pensions of county
employees.

FORSYTH COUNTY

BROTHER TO RUN: The brother of a former Democratic congressman says he'll seek
the party's nomination for his brother's old North Georgia seat. Charles Jenkins
of Cumming, 34 miles northeast of Atlanta, said he will formally announce later
this month that he'll run for the 9th District congressional seat held by
Republican Nathan Deal. A Democratic bid by Jenkins, brother of former 9th
District Rep. Ed Jenkins, would pit him against state Rep. Ken Poston of
Ringgold for the party nomination. The 1996 race will be Jenkins' first run for
office; Poston has served four terms in the state Legislature. Deal, who lives
in Gainesville, was re-elected to Congress as a Democrat in 1994 but switched to
the GOP last year.

COBB COUNTY

BUS ROUTES SAVED: Responding to public outcry, Cobb Community Transit has
decided to scale back several bus routes instead of eliminating them altogether.
Route 20, which follows South Cobb Drive to Smyrna Hospital; Route 30, which
runs on Austell Road and Bankhead Highway; and Route 60, an express line that
goes to Lenox Square, will run less frequently, said Don Griffith, Cobb's
transit director. Details on the new bus schedules probably won't be available
until summer. Cobb legislators and commissioners have urged CCT to change routes
to target white-collar workers and professionals. But many riders said they
would rather pay more bus fare than lose the routes.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              960 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                April 10, 1996, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

PUBLIC AGENDA;
WHAT METRO GOVERNMENTS ARE DOING;
Cookie millionaire will try to take away Newt Gingrich's job

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 02C

LENGTH: 960 words


Nineteen years ago, the first batch of cookies from Michael Coles' fledgling
sweet shop burned so badly that the fire department responded to his store at
Perimeter Mall. Now a millionaire with a national chain of cookie outlets, Coles
is starting his first political campaign, trying to unseat Georgia's top
Republican.

The 52-year-old entrepreneur, who launched his bid for House Speaker Newt
Gingrich's 6th District seat on Tuesday, admits it won't be easy.

But Coles, the presumptive leader in a three-man Democratic primary field, says
he has faced bigger challenges: building a $ 100 million cookie company from an
$ 8,000 investment and regaining use of his legs after a life-threatening
accident.

"I will not stand by and let Newt Gingrich with his political posturing continue
to misrepresent the people of this district," Coles declared. He pledges to
spend at least $ 250,000 of his own money on the overall campaign, and some
supporters anticipate that Coles will spend up to $ 3 million.

Charles Bullock, a University of Georgia political scientist, said Coles has "an
awfully steep hill to climb" if he wants to overtake Gingrich in what is
considered a safe Republican district. But if Coles can engage Gingrich in a
competitive race, "it makes him a winner for the Democrats nationwide because he
keeps Gingrich on the sidelines."

Coles must defeat fellow Democrats in the primary in order to face Gingrich in
the fall. So far, the field includes homeowner activist Cliff Oxford and Tony
Center.

Gingrich is expected to attack his Democratic challenger by billing Democrats as
pawns of bureaucrats and labor unions. But supporters say that stereotype is
hard to affix to Coles.

"Michael is a conservative at heart," said Larry Stephens, past chairman of the
Cobb Chamber of Commerce and a frequent Republican voter.

ATLANTA

CAMPBELL AIDES KEEP CARS: Mayor Bill Campbell has vetoed City Council
legislation that would have taken city-owned cars from the mayor's close aides
and department heads. The Campbell administration is expected to announce the
mayor's decision today. Campbell was in Washington on Tuesday to attend U.S.
Commerce Secretary Ron Brown's funeral. The legislation, proposed by Council
President Marvin Arrington, would have ended a decades-old tradition of
providing cars, including leather-seated Ford Crown Victorias, to mayoral aides.
Under the vetoed legislation, workers at the airport, public works department
and mayor's office would have received $ 350 stipends to lease, repair, gas and
insure cars. The cars, fuel and and repairs are now provided free by the city.

DeKALB COUNTY

EMORY THREATS CASE: Felony charges against three black Emory University students
accused of making terroristic threats against a white student were waived
Tuesday, and the case was bound over to DeKalb County's magistrate court, where
attorneys for both sides are expected to try to resolve the case through
mediation. The charges against Emory students Tarik King, Michael McKinnie and
Kelvin Reese stem from a Jan. 25 incident in which they allegedly physically
threatened David Nieder. The students reportedly were retaliating against Nieder
for allegedly assaulting Brandi Lilly, a black freshman, the day before. Neider
was charged with misdemeanor simple assault. Supporters of the black students
have continually protested the disparity between the felony charges against
King, McKinnie and Kelvin and the misdemeanor charges against Neider.

MATHIS SITE PURCHASE OK'd: South DeKalb arts patrons will launch a fund-raising
drive to build a new arts center at the old Mathis Dairy site following a vote
by the DeKalb County Commission Tuesday to purchase the 20-acre tract. In a 6-1
vote, the commission agreed to spend $ 100,000 to buy the property and an
additional $ 50,000 for seed money to rehabilitate 8,000 square feet of building
space that survived a February fire. Commissioner Elaine Boyer cast the sole
dissenting vote, arguing that the county has a nearly $ 1 million shortfall in
its budget. But in a separate action Tuesday, the board voted to reduce its
payments to the county's employee pension fund to free up about $ 7 million in
revenue. County officials said the move will not affect the pensions of county
employees.

FORSYTH COUNTY

EX-CONGRESSMAN'S BROTHER RUNS: The brother of a former Democratic congressman
says he'll seek the party's nomination for his brother's old North Georgia seat.
Charles Jenkins of Cumming, 34 miles northeast of Atlanta, said he will formally
announce later this month that he'll run for the 9th District congressional seat
held by Republican Nathan Deal. A Democratic bid by Jenkins, brother of former
9th District Rep. Ed Jenkins, would pit him against state Rep. Ken Poston of
Ringgold for the party nomination. The 1996 race will be Jenkins' first run for
office; Poston has served four terms in the state Legislature. Deal, who lives
in Gainesville, was re-elected to Congress as a Democrat in 1994 but switched to
the GOP last year.

COBB COUNTY

BUS ROUTES SAVED: Responding to public outcry, Cobb Community Transit has
decided to scale back several bus routes instead of eliminating them altogether.
Route 20, which follows South Cobb Drive to Smyrna Hospital; Route 30, which
runs on Austell Road and Bankhead Highway; and Route 60, an express line that
goes to Lenox Square, will run less frequently, said Don Griffith, Cobb's
transit director. Details on the new bus schedules probably won't be available
until summer. Cobb legislators and commissioners have urged CCT to change routes
to target white-collar workers and professionals. But many riders said they
would rather pay more bus fare than lose the routes.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              961 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 21, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

'Order by the Courts'

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A23; FREE FOR ALL

LENGTH: 569 words


George Will's "Order by the Courts" [op-ed, Oct. 12] misrepresents the effects
that Colorado's Amendment 2 would have on democratic government generally and on
the basic liberties of gays and lesbians in Colorado in particular.

Will would have us believe that Amendment 2 merely bars Colorado and its
municipalities "from interfering with the private choices of employers,
landlords and others by passing special protections for homosexuals." In
reality, the amendment bars any action by the state or its subdivisions in the
public sphere that in any way could benefit or protect gays and lesbians or
"promote" homosexuality. Thus, the amendment conceivably forbids the state and
the courts from: punishing crimes against homosexuals because of their status as
such; declaring sexual orientation as an irrelevant factor in public-sector
employment decisions; and, as some of the justices pointed out, even providing
basic state services to gays and lesbians.

Will also glosses over the fact that Amendment 2 imposes a permanent impediment
on gay participation in the political life of Colorado. Unlike any other group,
gay people and their allies would be forbidden from securing legislation that
could benefit their interests. It's as if Coloradans voted to amend their
constitution to bar abortion opponents from securing legislation to limit or ban
abortion in any way.

If the Supreme Court overturns Amendment 2, nothing (unfortunately) will oblige
Colorado to pass laws protecting gay people from discrimination or mandate a
favorable outcome for gay people in all such debates on the issue. Nor would the
failure of Amendment 2 prevent citizens from attempting to overturn existing
laws granting equal rights to gay and lesbian citizens. In many jurisdictions,
the Christian right continues to do just that. Declaring Amendment 2
unconstitutional would merely allow gay people and their allies to continue
using the legislative processes of a democracy to secure laws protecting them
from discrimination.

Will accuses opponents of Amendment 2 of doing an end-run around democracy by
seeking judicial relief. In reality, it is the supporters of Amendment 2 who
harm our nation's core freedoms by arbitrarily seeking to close off for eternity
public discussion and legislation about an important policy issue.

-- Lee Walzer

George F. Will predicts that the Supreme Court will uphold the amendment to the
Colorado state constitution barring the enactment of laws forbidding
discrimination against homosexuals and notes, disparagingly, that "liberals are
nothing if not practiced at the art of trying to litigate away the results of
popular sovereignty."

I would remind Will that we have seen what unchecked "popular sovereignty" can
lead to. The not-so-long-ago laws in many parts of this country that denied
black people the right to attend school with white people and that relegated
them to inferior status were also the result of "popular sovereignty."

In order not to descend into mob rule, a democratic system of government needs
more than "popular sovereignty." It requires that the majority respect the fact
that the minority must be afforded equal rights, and if it does not, the courts
are there to correct the oversight. Nazi Germany had no such courts. We do. I
hope and trust that Will is wrong in his prediction of what the Supreme Court
will do.

-- Martin A. Coleman

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post

                              962 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 27, 1994, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 386 words


Religion And Politics

Thank you for the June 8 editorial "Religious Right Wins In Virginia." I have
long sought to show young Christians how members of the mainstream media loathe
them. This editorial is a classic example. It makes a perfect teaching tool.

Like all liberal tirades, it avoids a serious discussion of the subject,
misrepresents the facts, accuses the Christians of intolerance, labels them as
"fundamentalist," accuses them of having a "social agenda" and a "certitude" of
their beliefs and an "intolerance" toward others.

In trying to label Christians you betray your own anti-Christian bigotry and
intolerance.

It is revealing that a group can be painted as villains for seeking to persuade
the populace that their view of an ordered society is the best hope for America.
Or cause the alarm to be sounded because they exercise their rights as free men
to participate in the political process.

It is also revealing that you see more danger in a group that seeks to promote
the family, morality and individual responsibility than you see in a legion of
liberal causes that seek to divide us into warring camps, declare immorality a
constitutional right and make everyone a victim and thus not responsible for
their actions no matter how bizarre or horrible. Eslie Nordan Arnold

In response to Cal Thomas's June 15 column "Religious Right Vs. Pagan Left," I
would inform Thomas and the public that the left is no more pagan than the right
is religious.

Many on the left are deeply committed religious people who believe in civil
liberties, personal freedom, right to privacy, social justice, peace,
reconciliation and tolerance; oppose the legalization of gambling; oppose use of
addictive substances; and subscribe to personal (as opposed to proscribed)
prayer and truth telling as opposed to inuendoes and rumors.

Until 1980, the religious left was constantly under attack as being "too
involved in politics." Since that time the religious right has been doing
exactly what it accused the left of doing.

Perhaps it is time we put aside labels, toned down our rhetoric, silenced our
mean spirits and worked toward true community, with peace and justice for all
the children of the world. George W. Burgin Senior Pastor Concord Trinity United
Methodist Church St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              963 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          November 25, 1993, Thursday

Owners of group home gripe to HUD Cobb discriminated, complaint alleges

BYLINE: By Kathey Alexander STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section G; Page 11

LENGTH: 254 words


The owners of a northeast Cobb group home declared illegal by county officials
have filed a complaint with the Housing and Urban Development Department (HUD),
charging the county with discrimination against the disabled.

Sims and Susan Maddox, who operate the 23-bedroom, 15-bathroom house on Trickum
Road for the homeless and indigent, insist that county officials were determined
to shut the house down because of "political pressure" from a nearby
subdivision.

But Cobb County officials say the complaint isn't valid and that some of the
couple's claims misrepresent facts in the case. Still, Cobb officials have
agreed to meet with HUD officials to try to resolve the issue, County Attorney
Fred Bentley Jr. said.

"We're not convinced there is a claim," Bentley said.

In June, Cobb commissioners denied a land-use permit that would have allowed the
Maddoxes to continue operating the facility for more than 30 people in the
yellow-and-white house shoehorned on two-thirds of an acre of land.
Commissioners gave the couple until January to comply with a county group home
ordinance limiting the facility to six people or cease operations.

But the Maddoxes insist that a major addition to the home, making room for about
30 people, was made two years ago with county permission when Cobb's ordinance
defined group homes as facilities for four or more people.

"What the county says is we must be legal by Jan. 1," said Maddox. "The truth
is, we believe we're legal as we are right now and we always have been."

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933350629

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution

                              964 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 6, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

MetLife orders halt to pitches

BYLINE: ROBERT KEEFE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 665 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. has told its nationwide sales force to stop
soliciting nurses and other health care professionals while it tries to  resolve
problems of misrepresentation by some members of its Tampa sales  office.

In an internal memo sent electronically Monday night to all 13,000 MetLife
salespeople, company senior vice president Richard Maurer said "no member of
the MetLife field force is to use any pre-approach mailer or any other sales
material that targets this group until further notice."

State Insurance Commissioner Tom Gallagher has accused MetLife salespeople  in
Tampa of disguising high-commission whole-life policies as more attractive
retirement plans or annuities and selling them to nurses and others  nationwide.

Gallagher also has accused two MetLife managers in Tampa of forcing their  100
or so salespeople to misrepresent the policies - and themselves - or lose  their
jobs. He also has said the company did nothing to stop it.

In an official order, Gallagher has asked MetLife why he should not rescind  or
suspend its license to do business in Florida or discipline the company in
another way.

MetLife has acknowledged that some of its salespeople in Tampa apparently
misrepresented themselves and the life insurance policies, but said it hasn't
fired anyone without just cause.

At MetLife's New York headquarters, spokesman Charles Sahner said the  internal
memo issued late Monday was one more step by MetLife to resolve its  now
nationwide problems.

Last week, MetLife mailed refund offers to everyone who has purchased a  life
insurance policy from salespeople based at its Southeast regional sales  office
in Tampa since 1988, when that office opened.

Sahner said MetLife also has sent one of its senior executives to Tampa to
oversee a separate company investigation into its problems. In addition,  Sahner
said, the company has hired two outside law firms to assist in the  internal
investigation.

"We take this all very seriously," Sahner said.

Approximately 18,000 refund letters were mailed last week to nurses and  others
nationwide, according to the company, including about 2,000 in Florida.

"Despite the fact that the investigation is still incomplete we took the
initiative to contact those 18,000 policyholders," Sahner said. "We've now
taken the further initiative to ask our field force to refrain from using any
mailings of this type to the medical profession."

However, more problems may be looming for MetLife, the nation's biggest
insurance company in terms of life insurance in force.

Jill Chamberlin, spokeswoman for Gallagher's office, said Tuesday that the
Insurance Department has started separate investigations into the use of
improper MetLife sales literature aimed at cosmetologists and others.

"We've got a lot of information coming in now and we're still sorting  through
it," she said. "But I can say we are investigating whether or not  other
professions are being targeted as part of this sales scheme."

Sahner said he was not aware of Florida's new investigations, or of  improper
sales literature being sent to cosmetologists.

"But it is certainly possible that others (within MetLife) have emulated  these
practices," he said. "That's one of the reasons why that communication  went
out" Monday.

MetLife employs approximately 2,000 people in the Tampa Bay area, most in  its
Southeast regional headquarters office in Tampa.

Within the regional headquarters, its sales office employs about 100 people  who
sell MetLife products nationwide, almost entirely to nurses and other  health
care professionals.

The Tampa sales office is consistently one of MetLife's biggest revenue
producers nationwide. Its regional sales manager, Daniel "Rick" Urso, last  year
made about $ 946,000, according to New York state documents. That makes  him one
of the highest-earning employees at MetLife, which employs 47,000  people.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company

                              965 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 28, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Candidate Attacks Web Site He Says Misrepresents Him

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 18; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 274 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 27


A lawyer for a mayoral candidate here says he is pursuing legal action over a
phony Web site set up by someone connected to the campaign of one of his
opponents.

The World Wide Web page, www.white99.com, attributed to the candidate, John
White, a quotation about the need of black and Hispanic voters to unite to
consolidate political power. The quotes were taken from the Spanish-language
newspaper Al Dia.

But the White campaign does not have a Web site; the page was created by a
friend of a deputy campaign manager for Dwight Evans, one of Mr. White's
opponents.

Mr. Evans said that he had apologized to Mr. White and that the deputy campaign
manager has been dismissed. In addition, Mr. Evans said, his campaign manager
has resigned.

A lawyer for Mr. White, Mark Mendell, said on Friday that he would pursue civil
and possibly criminal charges in connection with the Web site. Mr. Mendell said
he would call the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

The Web page created a furor for displaying in large letters a quote from a
White interview in Al Dia, which said, "The black and the brown, if we unite,
we're going to control this city."

Although the quote was apparently accurately translated from the Feb. 3 Al Dia
article, Mr. White and his allies said they were outraged at the creation of the
Web page and suggested it may have been an effort to create a racial
controversy. Mr. White and Mr. Evans are both black Democrats.

Mr. White said the quotation was taken out of context. He said he was
encouraging minorities to register to vote and participate in the political
process.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              966 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 28, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Columbia Pictures Proud of Its Summer Crop

SECTION: Section 1; Page 18; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 236 words


To the Editor:

Your Sept. 11 report on the fall movie season misrepresents the situation at
Columbia Pictures.

You state: "Columbia has had only one modest hit this year, 'Boyz N the Hood,'
under its chairman, Frank Price, while suffering from a number of embarrassing
flops, including 'Return to the Blue Lagoon.' "

The reality is almost exactly the opposite. We released four pictures this
summer:

"City Slickers," now at $114 million on the way to $120 million;

"Boyz N the Hood," a $6 million picture that has made more than $50 million to
date and, on the basis of return on investment and profit to the studio, is no
doubt the most profitable Hollywood movie of the summer;

"Return to the Blue Lagoon," a low-budget ($9 million) sequel that was
disappointing to us, but by the time video, television and foreign rights
revenues are counted, we will have a minimal loss;

"Double Impact," a Jean Claude Van Damme film that will wind up grossing between
$28 million and $30 million, a 25 percent increase over his previous pictures.

In total, of our four pictures, we had three solid successes (one of which is
the third highest grossing film of the summer, another the leader in
profitability). This is a summer performance in which, far from being
embarrassed, we at Columbia Pictures take great pride.

FRANK PRICE
Chairman, Columbia Pictures
Culver City, Calif., Sept. 12, 1991

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company

                              967 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 14, 1989, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

National Park Wildlife Deserve a Buffer Zone;
Church Is a Scapegoat

SECTION: Section A; Page 28, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 418 words


To the Editor:

''Limited Winter Range Starves Yellowstone Elk'' (news story, Feb. 20)
misrepresents some key facts. You state that ''much of the elk range that does
exist near the park is privately owned by a nondenominational church from
California and inaccess-ible to the elk; fences protect it for livestock
grazing.''

While traditional livestock fences prevent the 125 head of cattle on the
12,000-acre Royal Teton Ranch from entering Yellowstone Park (as park
regulations require), elk and other wild game have never been inhibited from
migrating onto or across the ranch (they can easily jump a fence that contains
cattle). While your reporter was here, hundreds of elk, deer, antelope and bison
were openly grazing on the ranch's pastures. He evidently believed a park
representative and portrayed the Church Universal and Triumphant as a prime
scapegoat.

This property has been a working cattle and sheep ranch more than 100 years -
with fences. Annual forage on the ranch by domestic livestock is limited by
agreement with the Forest Service to 45 percent of the total, with 55 percent
left for wild game. A Montana environmental impact statement issued last year
confirms this and disagrees with the park's contentions.

Nothing on the ranch is different for wildlife from what it has been for more
than a century. What is different is Yellowstone's experimentation with the
unproven ''theory of natural regulation.'' ''Natural'' fires are allowed to burn
more than a million acres unchallenged, elk and bison herds grow unchecked for
decades, and a foreseeable mass starvation of game is ignored. The solution
given is for the Government to buy more land.

Hogwash! These animals are starving because last summer's fires were allowed to
burn huge areas of rangeland when animal populations were above sustainable
levels.

For almost a year during 1980, the Forest Service had a legal option contract to
buy the ranch from Malcolm Forbes for $6.6 million. The Carter Administration
allowed the option to expire. The church waited more than six months for the
option to run and negotiated a sale that closed in 1981. Is it fair for Federal
agencies to say they made a mistake and blame the church for Yellowstone's
problems?

In attempting to build the ''big park,'' environmental planners and strategists
display an increasingly cavalier attitude toward adjoining landowners.

EDWARD L. FRANCIS
Vice President and Manager
Royal Teton Ranch
  Corwin Springs, Mont., March 10, 1989

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company

                              968 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 8, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

What the District Is Doing to Prepare

SECTION: Editorial; A19

LENGTH: 430 words


David Snyder ["Ready for This? Right Now, the Region Couldn't Handle a Crisis of
Its Own," Outlook, Sept. 18] says, "Only the District of Columbia Department of
Transportation has failed to join [TRANSCOM], which has stalled the entire
project," referring to the need for "a regional transportation coordinating
agency run by the highway departments and bus and railway systems." Snyder
ignores our record of close cooperation with other jurisdictions and
misrepresents DDOT's position on regional coordination.

Since Sept. 12, 2001, DDOT has been a full participant in all of the efforts to
increase preparedness and communication in the District and neighboring
jurisdictions. In cooperation with Maryland and Virginia, DDOT has designated
evacuation routes with distinctive signs, supported by several rounds of
publicity; lengthened signal timing plans and designated police-controlled
intersections; conducted the first known real-time test of an urban evacuation
plan for the crowd leaving the Fourth of July fireworks on the Mall; and
contributed to regional efforts that successfully managed the major traffic
problems generated by such major national events as the funeral of former
president Ronald Reagan, the dedication of the National World War II Memorial
and major regional construction projects. In addition, DDOT communicates with
the appropriate Maryland and Virginia agencies on day-to-day problems, most
recently when Kenilworth Avenue NE and Wisconsin Avenue NW were closed because
of traffic incidents.

DDOT supports efforts to increase regional cooperation and information exchange
and we have endorsed funding and participated in meetings along these lines. To
make sure that the region is on the right track, DDOT has commissioned a study
by the Volpe Center of the U.S. Transportation Department to develop a long-term
plan for regional transportation communications.

Snyder's original proposal called for hiring additional personnel and setting up
a new facility. Although it is not clear in The Post, apparently now calls only
for better coordination and communication without additional people or overhead.
If this is the case, Snyder and I are in agreement, because my concern has been
about spending money, and more important, about building a bureaucracy. If we
agree that our primary goal is to further unite our transportation and
first-responder communities and not to add more layers, then we can get back to
work making the region safer.

--  Dan Tangherlini

Washington

The writer is the director of the D.C. Department of Transportation.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                              969 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                 June 21, 2004

NAIC Viatical Model Passes Without Licensing Requirement

BYLINE: BY JIM CONNOLLY

SECTION: NAIC REPORT; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


With mixed support from state insurance commissioners, a viatical settlements
model regulation was adopted by the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners during its summer meeting here.

Removal of a provision in the model requiring a separate license for producers
who recommend or sell viatical settlements drew the concern of insurers who said
it made consumers vulnerable to producers who would not understand or would
misrepresent the product.

But representatives of the viatical and life settlements industry said removal
of the provision was necessary to provide needed advice on a viable service.

Commissioners lined up on both sides of the issue. New York, Pennsylvania and
Tennessee were among the states that expressed reservations about deleting the
licensing provision from the model.

That provision would have provided state insurance departments with the
opportunity to take action against abuses if an agent did not have a viatical
license, according to Diane Koken, Pennsylvania insurance commissioner.

A viatical settlement is a more specialized and riskier transaction for a
consumer and consequently, more protections are needed, said Paula Flowers,
Tennessee commissioner.

However, Larry Mirel, insurance commissioner for the District of Columbia,
argued that for many consumers, life insurance is one of their most important
assets and has both protection and investment components. If a life insurance
contract is not performing as it should, a consumer should have the right to
talk to the agent and explore options including a viatical settlement, Mirel
said. In states that require separate licenses, he said, most producers do not
get them.

Kevin McCarty, director of insurance in the Florida Office of Financial
Services, said it was difficult to see how a separate license would better
protect consumers.

Other comments in support of the model included someone asking if a separate
license would be needed for cash surrenders, estate planning because of its
complexity, or retirement planning.

After the vote, Doug Head, executive director of the Viatical and Life
Settlements Association of America, said it was a good decision and consumers
could be protected through proper agent training.

Linda Lanam, vice president-annuities with the ACLI, said ACLI was happy that a
number of commissioners recognized that viatical settlements are not insurance
transactions.

Lynn Boyd, an ACLI representative, said that at the state level, ACLI would
oppose not including a provision for separate licenses, although it supported
the rest of the model.

ACLI will talk with companies to see if more education about viatical
settlements is needed, she said, and it will also look at a model being
developed by the National Conference of Insurance Legislators, which currently
supports a separate licensing provision.

New York, Pennsylvania and Tennessee were among the states that expressed
reservations about deleting the provision

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The National Underwriter Company

                              970 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                January 25, 2004 Sunday 0 South Pinellas Edition

ATTACKS

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 485 words


Saturday, three U.S. soldiers were killed and six wounded in Khaldiyah when a
vehicle exploded at a U.S. checkpoint. Also, two U.S. soldiers were killed by a
roadside bomb north of Fallujah.

+ A suicide car bomb exploded at the main gate of the U.S. headquarters in
Baghdad on Jan. 18, killing more than 20 and wounding more than 60.

+ Two U.S. soldiers were killed during a rocket and mortar barrage Wednesday on
an American camp near Baqubah.

DIPLOMACY

+ A British weapons scientist who committed suicide last summer said in a
previously unaired interview that Saddam Hussein's weapons posed an immediate
threat, bolstering the government's assertion that it did not misrepresent its
intelligence on Iraq.

+ Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar agreed Wednesday to
reduce Iraq's debt, but they did not decide by how much.

BEFORE THE WAR

+ David Kay, the leader of the U.S. search for banned weapons in Iraq, resigned
Friday and said he thinks Iraq engaged in no large-scale production of chemical
or biological weapons in the 1990s and destroyed what it had left before last
year's American-led invasion. He will be replaced by Charles Duelfer, a former
United Nations weapons inspector.

+ Secretary of State Colin Powell said Saturday there is an "open question"
whether Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction when the United States went
to war last year.

MILITARY

+ A U.S. Army OH-58 Kiowa Warrior helicopter crashed Friday in northern Iraq,
killing the two pilots.

REBUILDING

+ Iraq's most influential Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Husseini
al-Sistani, kept up the pressure on U.S. authorities, demanding quick direct
elections. After large demonstrations early in the week, Sistani urged his
followers to stop until the United Nations could assess the election plan.

+ A Sistani spokesman said Thursday that the cleric might support a revolt if
elections aren't granted.

+ Halliburton Co. will pay the Pentagon $6.3-million for possible overcharges by
a subcontractor accused of giving kickbacks to supply U.S. soldiers in Iraq.

DEATHS

As of Saturday, 512 U.S. soldiers have died in Iraq. Identifications as reported
by the U.S. military and not previously published:

+ Army Staff Sgt. Roland L. Castro, 26, San Antonio, Texas; nonhostile gunshot
wound Jan. 16; Camp Cedar II.

+ Army Master Sgt. Kelly L. Hornbeck, 36, Fort Worth, Texas; died Jan. 18 after
explosion hit vehicle Jan. 16; Samarra.

+ Army Spc. Larry E. Polley Jr., 20, Center, Texas; explosion hit vehicle Jan.
17; north of Taji.

+ Army Sgt. Edmond L. Randle, 26, Miami; explosion hit vehicle Jan. 17; north of
Taji.

+ Army Spc. Gabriel T. Palacios, 22, Lynn, Mass.; mortar attack Wednesday;
Baqoubah.

+ Army Pfc. James D. Parker, 20, Bryan, Texas; mortar attack Wednesday;
Baqoubah.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LAST WEEK IN IRAQ: A ROUNDUP OF DEVELOPMENTS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (3); Army Staff Sgt. Roland L. Castro; Army Master Sgt. Kelly L.
Hornbeck; Army Spc. Larry E. Polley Jr.

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company

                              971 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                          November 26, 2003 Wednesday

Legg Mason hit by late traders, says NY Atty. General

BYLINE: Nancy Kercheval

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 668 words


The Legg Mason Value Trust Fund -- famous for its 12-year run of outperforming
the S&P 500 -- was victimized in a "late trading" scheme involving more than $1
million in shares, according to the New York attorney general.

In a felony complaint filed yesterday by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer
against three senior executives of Security Trust Co. N.A. of Phoenix, Ariz.,
Legg Mason Inc. was identified as one of six mutual funds that fell victim to
the alleged scheme spearheaded by Canary Capital Partners LLC.

"The Legg Mason Funds are disappointed to learn that one of their servicing
agents, Security Trust Co., has been charged with facilitating late trading in
our Funds," said Mark R. Fetting, president of Legg Mason Funds, in a prepared
statement issued late yesterday. "We did not authorize Security Trust to permit
late trading in our Funds."

The three executives, including the former CEO, former president and former
senior vice president for corporate services, are accused of being middlemen in
a late trading scheme between May 2000 and September 2003 involving the Canary
hedge funds, in which they allegedly disguised trades to Legg Mason and others
as trades originating from retirement and pension plans.

The trio "repeatedly misrepresented and directed STC employees to misrepresent
to mutual funds that Canary trades were originating from retirement and pension
plans -- plans whose members placed trades before 4 p.m.," the complaint said.

"In fact, defendants knew both that Canary was a hedge fund trading for its own
account and also that it was placing its trades with STC after 4 p.m.," the
complaint added. "Because Canary was a hedge fund (the actual investor), it was
required to place its trades before 4 p.m."

Fetting, in his statement, said, "With respect to Security Trust, we stopped the
opening of any new accounts after the Sept. 3, 2003, complaint was filed by the
New York Attorney General, and we have been assisting our existing clients to
find another processing platform.

"We will continue to work with our Fund Board to protect the interests of our
fund shareholders, including pursuing whatever legal remedies may be
appropriate, and we will continue to cooperate fully with regulators," Fetting
said.

Jay Marran, a former employee of STC, told regulators the company used its
electronic trading platform -- normally used to transmit legitimate trades on
behalf of retirement plans placed before 4 p.m., but transmitted after 4 p.m. --
for Canary trades, as well.

Marran further said the defendants "falsely identified Canary's trades" as
legitimate trades made by third-party administrators for retirement plans.

Shares of mutual funds are priced at the close of the New York Stock Exchange,
usually at 4 p.m. Any orders after 4 p.m. are based on the following day's
closing price.

Late trading is the practice of placing orders to buy or sell mutual fund shares
after the close of market, but at the price determined at the close. That allows
the trader to profit from market events that occur after the close of trading.

Between May 2000 and July 2003, STC facilitated hundreds of mutual fund trades
by several hedge funds controlled by Canary Capital, according to Spitzer's
office. Approximately 99 percent were transmitted to STC after the 4 p.m. market
close; 82 percent arrived between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m.

The Securities and Exchange Commission, in a separate complaint, said STC
received nearly $5.8 million in direct compensation from the hedge fund trades,
for which it received a 1 percent custodial fee as well as a 4 percent
profit-sharing arrangement.

Marc R. Duffy, vice president and secretary of Legg Mason Value Trust Fund, and
the other fund officials told Spitzer's office that "no one selling or
purchasing shares in their funds has permission or authority from their fund to
engage in late trading. Nor do the terms of their fund prospectuses permit or
authorize late trading," the complaint said.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Markets (stock, futures, etc.)

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires

                              972 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           August 25, 2004 Wednesday

Texas undercounting dropouts, expert testifies;
At school finance trial, professor says flawed formula led to unfairly high
ratings for some schools

BYLINE: Jason Embry, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 716 words


Annual school ratings surged over the past decade in Texas with the help of a
faulty formula used to count dropouts, a Boston College professor said Tuesday
during a court challenge to the state's school finance system.

Walter Haney, called to the witness stand by a group of school districts pushing
for a new finance system, said Texas schools have been too quick to believe
students who say they plan to enroll elsewhere but instead drop out.

Doing so, he said, has allowed the Texas Education Agency "to badly mislead and
misrepresent to the public and legislators what's really going on."

It's also led to higher ratings than many schools deserved, he said.

Lawyers defending the state system questioned the accuracy of Haney's
conclusions.

The Texas Education Agency has used annual dropout rates, test scores and
attendance figures when rating schools in recent years.  The statewide dropout
rate was reported to be 0.9 percent for the 2002-03 school year.

The dropout rate has been computed by counting the number of seventh- through
12th-graders who leave during or after the school year without giving the school
an acceptable excuse.

This year's school ratings, however, will consider dropout rates only for
seventh- and eighth-graders, while weighing only completion rates for high
schoolers.

With Haney's testimony, the school districts appeared to be countering a recent
state-requested study that concludes that the current system gives schools the
money they need to provide an adequate education.

Lawyers for the districts have argued that accurate dropout figures would show
that too many students are not receiving the education that the Texas
Constitution requires.

The number of districts receiving the state's highest rating, "exemplary,"
increased from six in 1994 to 149 in 2002, Haney said. The number of districts
receiving the next best rating, "recognized," increased eightfold.

Haney argued the numbers would not have been as high if the state had a better
system of tracking dropouts.

His study compared the number of graduates to the number of students who were in
eighth grade five years earlier. It also considers as dropouts students who earn
a General Educational Development certificate or who take another year to
graduate.

Looked at this way, he said, Austin schools -- and those in many other large
districts -- should have received lower ratings at times over the past decade.

"My method yields results which correspond very well with every credible scholar
who has looked at this," Haney said, adding that he used U.S. Census figures to
account for students changing schools.

But state lawyers questioned the accuracy of Haney's methods, saying he did not
account for the number of students who missed graduation for reasons beyond the
schools' control.

Hoping to show that the problem does not lie in the finance system itself,
Robert O'Keefe of the state attorney general's office pointed out that the
education agency and lawmakers are the ones who decide how to figure dropout
rates.

Last year, the Legislature passed a law calling for a more aggressive count of
dropouts. The state will use that method beginning with the school ratings that
will come out in 2007.

Also, the state next month will release the first set of school ratings that,
along with test scores, also consider a district's completion rate, which
compares the number of graduates to the number of ninth-graders four years
earlier.

Although somewhat similar to Haney's system, the completion number includes
students who earn GEDs or take five years to graduate.

When ratings come out Sept. 30, school districts will need to show a 75 percent
completion rate for the "academically acceptable" rating, 85 percent for
"recognized" and 95 percent for "exemplary," education agency spokeswoman DeEtta
Culbertson said.

The agency issued a report earlier this month saying that 84.2 percent of Texas
students who were ninth-graders in fall 1999 graduated in four years.

That report said 79 percent of Austin ninth-graders in the fall of 1999, or
3,529 out of 4,476, graduated in 2003. Another 533 stayed in high school another
year, 136 picked up a GED and 278 dropped out, the report said.

The numbers exclude students who moved out of the district.

jembry@statesman.com; (512) 392-8750

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Boston College professor Walter Haney testified for districts Tuesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Austin American Statesman

                              973 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           December 12, 1999, Sunday

TRICKS OF THE TRADE;
 IS A HIGH COURT JUDGMENT GOING TO CAUSE A FLOOD OF COMPENSATION CLAIMS, ASKS
SIMON CALDER

BYLINE: Simon Calder

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1385 words


When is a tax not a tax? When, according to Mr Justice Timothy Walker, it is "a
way of increasing the air fare to the passenger, but implying that the increase
has come from the government or the airports".

That was his judgement in the High Court case brought by the Association of
British Travel Agents (Abta) against British Airways, Virgin Atlantic and
Lufthansa over the inclusion of passenger service charges in the "tax" section
of airline tickets.

Here's the background. A year ago, BA announced it would start listing the
Passenger Service Charge - a sum levied by airports as part of their normal fees
- as an extra item on tickets. The charge varies from one airport to another,
from pounds 4 to pounds 15, on either arriving or departing travellers. At
Heathrow, Britain's busiest airport, it is pounds 7.30 for each outbound
passenger.

The practice came into effect in April, and has been adopted by more than 70
airlines. Many fares were increased by the amount of PSC, effectively making
travellers pay twice for the same thing. Callers to BA's reservations department
were told that a "new tax" had been imposed on travellers, even though the cost
had previously been included in the ticket price.

In the High Court, Abta said agents were told by airlines to misrepresent the
charge as a new levy. The association's chief executive, Ian Reynolds, said:
"Our members were being asked to mislead the public".

In a scathing judgement against the airlines, Mr Justice Timothy Walker said the
inclusion of the PSC in the tax section of tickets was "thoroughly misleading".
The decision raises the intriguing possibility of a flood of compensation claims
by passengers. An estimated 25 million people have flown from Britain's airports
in the past eight months with scheduled tickets showing PSC as a tax. If a test
case decides that travellers were deceived about the nature of the charge,
millions of passengers from the UK and abroad could seek compensation.

The ruling does not affect holiday charters, nor flights with no-frills airlines
such as easyJet and Go, because PSC is not listed as a separate item. But a
family of four who have flown scheduled from Heathrow or Manchester could claim
around pounds 30, while large businesses could make bulk claims running to
millions of pounds.

The airlines have been given leave to appeal, but meanwhile British Airways and
Virgin Atlantic have altered the wording on their tickets and websites to make
clear that PSC is not a tax. This has not become standard practice: the other
defendant, Lufthansa, is still including the charge as a "tax" according to an
online booking made by the Independent. And reservations staff at Air Miles,
BA's frequent-flyer offshoot, are still insisting that passenger service charges
are taxes. A researcher from the Independent was told that, on a booking from
Heathrow to Glasgow, "tax is pounds 22 ... obviously we can't do anything about
that".

In fact, the only genuine tax that applies to this booking is pounds 10 of Air
Passenger Duty, so BA/Air Miles could do plenty about taxing the credulity of
its customers.

The wrong kind of passport

If you're annoyed about the increase in the cost of a British passport, console
yourself that at least it will entitle you to catch a charter flight. Page 96 of
the Manos India/Sri Lanka brochure warns: "Indian and Sri Lankan
passport-holders are not permitted to avail themselves of our direct charter
flight services which are restricted to bona fide non- Indian/Sri Lankan
tourists, by order of the governments of India and Sri Lanka". Apparently, the
reason is a desire to protect the national airlines of these countries from
competition.

A couple more interesting points from the same brochure: "As with any holiday,
you'll be given various tickets and vouchers. Hang on to them until you're back
in the UK - bureaucrats like nothing more than to ask for that crumpled piece of
paper you threw away because they have to stamp it (in triplicate)." Before you
get too content about that convenient departure time, be warned "flight timings
indicated are for guidance only and are our best estimates based on historical
experience of airline flying programmes". And if you want something different
from the standard in- flight meal: "Some meals, ie Kosher, are subject to an
additional charge."

Credit to the industry?

"I've just booked a ticket by phone to Saumur in France with Rail Europe,"
writes Stephen Moorby. "At the end of the transaction, they revealed that it
would cost me pounds 3 extra to pay by credit card. I asked to speak to a
supervisor. I told him that a) I thought they were taking advantage b) if I
could find a firm who wouldn't charge extra for credit-card bookings I would use
them in future and c) I would write to you in the hope that you would blow the
whistle on this practice in your column.

It's hardly the scam of the century but it felt like just another of the small
ways companies try to milk their customers while pretending to be helpful and
competitive."

How safe is your plane?

Our story of this title, which appeared in the Independent on Sunday on 14
November, attracted plenty of comment - including responses from three Asian
airlines, who felt the survey did not fairly represent their safety records.

"Air China is one of 30 airlines within China and has been operating since
1954," writes Richard Burgess, the airline's Market Development Manager. "We
operate over 500 weekly flights to over 100 domestic and international
destinations using one of the world's most modern Boeing fleet. Since our
inception, the airline has not suffered a single fatal incident. This equates to
one of the world's longest flight-safety records, a fact that was recognised by
the ICAO, an international aviation body, in 1994 with an award for our
commitment to safety."

"Singapore Airlines is listed as having had 'one fatal event per million
flights'," writes the carrier's Gerry Stevens. "This is totally incorrect. To
date, Singapore Airlines' record is nil such occurences. On referring to the
source (the website AirSafe.com), I see there is a listing for Singapore
Airlines/ SilkAir. It is clearly stated there that the accident in question
involved a SilkAir aircraft in December 1997. SilkAir is a fully owned
subsidiary company of the Singapore Airlines Group, but is otherwise totally
independent, with its own management, staff, crew and fleet."

David Mawdsley, Head of Corporate Safety for Cathay Pacific, writes "Over the
past 25 years, Cathay Pacific has carried 147 million passengers with an
exemplary safety record and no fatalities." He points out that: "The fleet
consists of Airbus A330, A340, Boeing 777 and 747 aircraft, all of which - as
your article pointed out - have outstanding safety records".

Mr Mawdsley is correct about these aircraft being statistically safe - a view
not shared by a contributor to a London local radio station last week, who told
listeners: "Wherever you're going this Christmas, make sure it's not on a Boeing
747 or a DC-10". This assertion is misplaced. Both aircraft are very safe.

"It just seems like a rise"

"There is always an annual hiatus when Brittany Ferries' timetable runs out in
November and the reprinted brochures appear in late December," writes David
Smith of Bath. "Up until this year, prices have been relatively stable, so one
could refer back to the current brochure and make a fair stab at the price. So I
get the bug to pop over to France for a long weekend. Overnight Portsmouth to St
Malo next Thursday, back from Cherbourg on the Sunday. Quick calculation based
on the November brochure. Frequent- traveller discount applied - total pounds
97.

Phone to book ticket. "That'll be pounds 127," says helpful youth. "Hang on," I
say, "that's a rise of 30 per cent." "No sir, we've just adjusted our prices so
that it's more expensive if you travel at peak periods like weekends. It only
seems like a price rise."

Simon Calder welcomes suggestions for inclusion in this monthly review, and
responses from the companies mentioned. Please write to Travel, Independent on
Sunday, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5DL (fax: 0171- 293 2182;
e-mail: travel@independent.co.uk)

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sri Lanka's beaches are its main draw, but visitors to the island must
be prepared to deal with considerable amounts of red tape BARR JAMES

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd

                              974 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

Dean Urdahl: Misrepresenting key decisions

BYLINE: By Dean Urdahl

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 746 words


Rep. Dave Pinto's recent column in this paper regarding the restoration of our
state Capitol misrepresents key decisions and may be cause for confusion ("More
cost, less access in construction zone," Nov. 18). As a member of the Minnesota
State Capitol Preservation Commission, please allow me to clarify a few things:

There is no additional cost to holding the 2016 session in the Capitol. Zero.
The cost of holding the session in the Capitol was included in the original
restoration plans, and holding the session in the Capitol does not add a single
dollar to the original restoration price tag. There has been only one
alternative presented to lawmakers: holding the 2016 session in the St. Paul
Armory, which would have cost an additional $500,000.

Language in the 2012 legislation that launched the Capitol's refurbishing
specifically states: "Construction work shall be sequenced to maintain occupancy
in the House of Representatives and Senate chambers during regular legislative
sessions, unless otherwise approved by the speaker of the house and the majority
leader of the Senate for respective chambers."

Holding the 2016 session in the Capitol has been the plan from day one, and
remains the plan today. When Democrats had full control of the Legislature in
2013-14, they could have changed these plans, but then-Speaker Paul Thissen and
Democrats declined.

Instead, Democrats decided to construct a $90 million office building even
though the Capitol restoration project, approved by the Legislature and Gov.
Mark Dayton in 2012, already included those plans to keep the House and Senate
in the Capitol chambers at no added cost.

To make matters worse, Democrats chose to reduce public access as a way to lower
the price tag. Anyone who has visited the Capitol knows one of the biggest
challenges is finding parking. Original plans for the new $90 million Senate
Office Building included a ramp exclusively for the public to make it easier for
folks to visit the Capitol. Democrats decided to eliminate this public parking
lot and expand the square footage of the Senate Office Building, reducing public
access and growing the footprint of this government building.

Even as recently as last January, a report presented during a public meeting at
the Capitol indicated: "The House chamber, however, is planned to be utilized
for the 2016 session. This will include some immediate areas adjacent to the
chamber and accessible routes to and from entrances to exits. To accommodate the
House chambers, temporary restrooms will be needed."

Democrats, including one of Rep. Pinto's colleagues from St. Paul, had a chance
to voice objections or propose an alternative site for the 2016 session, but
neglected to speak up. As a result, our plans remained to stay in the Capitol.

We knew there would be bumps along the way as a part of this massive Capitol
restoration project. This has always been a bipartisan undertaking, and I'm
disappointed that Rep. Pinto and his colleagues are now trying to turn this into
a partisan battle in order to score cheap political points.

We are going to great lengths to ensure the public will have access to
legislators and can view floor sessions. We're excited the public will be able
to enjoy an historic opportunity to view debates from the House floor during
next session. Public viewing areas will be set up in the alcove of the House
chamber, truly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

The bottom line is legislators will continue meeting with citizens and the
public still will be able to follow proceedings from monitors at the Capitol
complex, on TV at home or worldwide with Internet access. We are fully committed
to conducting business openly and transparently, and will make sure citizens
have access to their legislators and the ability to watch legislative
proceedings.

I will be going the extra mile next session to be accessible to people for
face-to-face meetings or other means of correspondence, and I'm sure fellow
lawmakers of both parties will do the same. We can talk about important things
like fixing the MNsure program and its soaring health insurance premiums,
establishing a long-term transportation plan and providing tax relief to
Minnesota families. I look forward to a productive session at the Capitol, and
to the eventual completion of this historic restoration project that will ensure
future generations can enjoy this Minnesota monument.

Rep. Dean Urdahl is a Republican from Acton Township in central Minnesota.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              975 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 29, 2010 Friday

Jan. 31 Readers' letters

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 807 words


Shift to the right is inevitable

The Mercury News (Editorial, Jan. 29) fundamentally misunderstands, or
intentionally misrepresents, what is happening in our nation. You claim
President Barack Obama should continue to take his message to the people in
hopes of changing the actions in Washington while, in fact, the people have
heard and a majority has rejected what the president proposes. The recalcitrant
actions of Obama, vowing to press on with plans the citizens oppose, results in
the Republican senators being the sole voice for the majority. The message has
been delivered by the voters already: Stop the shift to the left. Unless the
president radically changes direction, which is unlikely, this November will be
the end of the Democrat leadership and, with that, the ability of Obama to do
what the people oppose.

Douglas Townsend

San Jose

Cutting costs is key to health care

President Barack Obama in his State of the Union speech promised to consider
ideas from Republicans and others. Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell, who made the
response speech, provided an idea that could save his health care legislation.
He alluded to stopping frivolous medical lawsuits   in other words, tort reform
the most important item in medical cost cutting.

Obama has stated that cost cutting is secondary to passing something, anything,
involving health care. I, for one, would support the Obama health care
legislation if I believed that it would reduce cost. I don't think I'm alone.

Fred Gutmann

Cupertino

Cordell's stand is contradictory

LaDoris H. Cordell ("Prosecutors should ignore district attorney's decree,''
Opinion, Jan. 29), urges individual deputies to defy District Attorney Dolores
Carr's orders, while at the same time she lauds former District Attorney George
Kennedy for compelling his deputies to comply with his orders on the exact same
subject. In so doing, Cordell blatantly contradicts herself, thus demolishing
her own argument. Whether one agrees or disagrees with Carr, the simple fact is
that she is the district attorney. She makes policy for the office, and her
deputies must follow orders so long as they are not illegal or unethical. If the
public disagrees with her position, then they may vote her out of office. But as
Cordell so accurately stated in her own case, individual deputies do not have
the right to defy their boss.

Paul Jacobs

Saratoga

Laws of biology support harems

Roger Bonilla (Letters, Jan. 29) and many, many others attempt to claim that
biology is on their side when they condemn equal partnership rights for
homosexuals. That is patently nonsense.

If anything, biology endorses polygyny, the maintenance of harems by larger
dominant males of sexually available females. Our sexual dimorphism (men are, in
general, larger and stronger than women) is typical of a species that engages in
competition between males for groups of females. That particular scheme is not
only what our biology would seem to indicate happened in the past, but is also
what the vast majority of human civilizations actually do, and have historically
done, anyway.

Evan G. Bettencourt

San Jose

Tree maintenance should be city's job

Beautiful street trees, repaired sidewalks and streets benefit the entire city,
not just the house where they stand. They are far less expensive to maintain
when done by an experienced crew whose full-time job is to maintain the trees or
walkways and streets. Why does San Jose not have money to do this?

Sunnyvale's city services maintains the street trees, the sidewalks and streets.
Sunnyvale also controls the street trees so that they remain uniform and of a
standard quality. Again, adding to the neighborhoods and beauty of the city.

San Jose needs to start working with its taxpayers to give them quality for what
they pay.

Susan Johnson Bates

Sunnyvale

Extend spending freeze to military

President Barack Obama on Wednesday announced a three-year freeze on nonmilitary
discretionary funding. The economic crisis is real, but the target for savings
is wrong. Real savings and real security are to be had in cutting the military
budget, getting U.S. troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan, and investing in job
creation and meeting people's needs here at home.

Since 9/11, U.S. military spending including the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
has increased by 78 percent. A reduction in military spending will slow down the
worldwide arms race, show the international community we are committed to
diplomacy and dialogue, and demonstrate to the people of Iraq and Afghanistan
that conflict can't be solved through the force of arms. The funds can then be
used to bring real security to Americans by stimulating our struggling economy
with jobs that serve people, by providing needed health care, and by creating
21st-century technologies to ensure our children's and grandchildren's futures.

Armineh Noravian

Cupertino

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              976 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 1, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Single sentence won't summarize entire faith

BYLINE: Andrew Tevington, ATevington@opubco.com

SECTION: LIFE; OUR FAITHS; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 459 words


Q:I refer to the Oct. 4 article on who is saved and who is not. You misrepresent
Calvinist teaching when you say the most extreme forms of predestination say
that no act, not even accepting Christ, will change that destiny. That is a poor
description of Calvinism. Even if you are trying to describe hyper Calvinism,
you fall short. A Calvinist doesn't say that if you aren't elect, then even if
you place your faith in Christ you won't be saved. They believe, because the
Bible says so, the only ones that will be able to place their faith in Christ
are the elect. This is not the same thing as you say.

Larry, Oklahoma City

A:Certainly one sentence is not intended as a complete description of any faith
tradition or theological issue; however, your criticism of my previous column
points to the importance of perspective as we discuss religious beliefs.

How the Calvinist doctrine of predestination is understood often depends on
where a person stands.

A believer who is convinced that she is among God's elect individuals,
preordained for eternal life with God, understands that God, acting through the
Jesus persona of the Trinity, chose her to receive faith and grace.

Other individuals believe intellectually and perhaps even emotionally they are
true disciples of Christ, but circumstances cause them to question whether God
has chosen them for eternal bliss. When they read passages such as Matthew 7:21,
which states, "Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom
of heaven," they wonder what their ultimate fate will be.

Members of this second group believe they have made a faithful commitment but
are concerned the choice makes no difference. From their perspective, they have
placed their faith in Christ. This may be insufficient.

John Calvin's treatise, "The Institutes of Religion," raises this issue when
Calvin writes about ignorance and implicit faith. It is possible for an
individual to be a disciple - a student of Christianity - but still not have
actual faith, Calvin said.

The human attempt to choose faith is ineffective, as Calvin understood it. Only
God can place faith in a person.

This placement is not dependent on a believer's action because Calvin teaches
that the free will enjoyed by Adam and Eve was destroyed by their improper
choice for sin. This destruction extends to free will for all humankind, in
reform theology's understanding. No one, therefore, can choose God. God chooses
His faithful believers as well as those who are eternally condemned.

Andrew Tevington is associate pastor at the United Methodist Church of the
Servant in Oklahoma City. Send e-mail to him at  revtev@cox.net or write him at
3102 Classen Blvd., PMB 125, Oklahoma City, OK 73118. Please include your name
and town.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              977 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 7, 2007 Saturday

Poll gives Rocky approval of 59%

BYLINE: Doug Smeath Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 734 words


Critics say Rocky Anderson's very public views on national and international
issues misrepresent Utahns -- but his constituents are apparently pretty happy.

In the final year of what he has said will be his last term as Salt Lake City's
mayor, Anderson has the approval of 59 percent of city residents, according to a
new Dan Jones & Associates poll commissioned by the Deseret Morning News and
KSL-TV.

Thirty-eight percent disapprove.

The poll, conducted this week, gathered the opinions of 413 Salt Lake City
residents. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 5 percent.

Anderson's overall approval rating is an improvement over recent years. In May
2006, the mayor's approval was at 52 percent; in September 2005, it was 54
percent. But it's down from his early days in office. In June 2000, less than
six months after Anderson took office, his approval rating was 75 percent.

And with the exception of his calls for the impeachment of President Bush and
Vice President Dick Cheney, Anderson's constituents largely approve of his
burgeoning activism in national politics.

Most popular is his fight against global climate change, of which 67 percent
approve -- 47 percent strongly -- vs. 26 percent who disapprove.

Anderson has tackled global warming on a local level, instituting a number of
city policies aimed at reducing the use of energy and fossil fuels. On a larger
scale, he has been speaking at environmental conferences worldwide and hosting
his second-annual gathering of U.S. mayors at Sundance in November to share
ideas on combating climate change.

Salt Lakers also support Anderson's vocal opposition to the war in Iraq, by a
54-percent to 43-percent margin.

In recent years, Anderson has spoken at several local and national protest
rallies against Bush's Iraq policies.

Opinions on both sides of Anderson's anti-war activism run strong: 45 percent
strongly support it, and 33 percent strongly oppose it.

However, when it comes to the mayor's calls for Congress to impeach Bush and
Cheney, only 44 percent of city residents approve. Fifty-four percent
disapprove.

Overall, the poll's respondents are sympathetic to Anderson taking on issues
beyond the scope of city management. Fifty-six percent said it is appropriate
for a sitting mayor of Utah's capital city to be politically active in national
and international issues, while 36 percent said it was inappropriate.

As usual, the poll shows Anderson is a polarizing figure along political and
religious lines. The mayor's approval among Republicans is 20 percent, with 79
percent disapproving. Democrats like Anderson, to the tune of 87 percent. Only
11 percent of Democrats disapprove.

Self-proclaimed independents are less dramatically split: 58 percent approve,
while 38 percent disapprove.

And Anderson's biggest fans are typically non-Mormon, while his biggest
detractors are active members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
(Mormon).

His support is 71 percent among the city's Catholics and 77 percent among
Protestants. Only 23 percent of "very active" LDS respondents in Salt Lake City
approve of his job performance; 74 percent disapprove.

His popularity among "somewhat active" Mormons is split 48 percent to 47
percent.

That has generally been the rule during Anderson's administration. Only once, in
September 2002, did Anderson have much support among LDS residents. Then, 53
percent said they approved of the job he was doing.

Anderson and others assumed that support was in response to the success of the
2002 Olympics. His LDS supporters slipped to 36 percent by December 2002,
shortly after the mayor's fight with the LDS Church over public-access easements
on the Main Street Plaza.

To varying degrees, the same political and religious divisions exist on
questions of Anderson's activism. Fully 89 percent of Protestants support his
fight against global warming; only 44 percent of active LDS residents do.

Anderson's opposition to the Iraq war is embraced by 86 percent of the city's
Democrats but only 8 percent of Republicans. Ninety-six percent of Republicans
oppose the mayor's calls for impeachment, as do 92 percent of very active
Mormons. Meanwhile, 77 percent of Democrats agree with him on impeachment, as do
62 percent of Catholics.

Anderson is also slightly more popular among men than women, with male
respondents giving him a 62-percent approval rating and women 55 percent.
E-mail: dsmeath@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              978 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            Sunday Tribune (Ireland)

                                 July 07, 2002

This is another fine Messier;
 LETTER FROM NEW YORK

BYLINE: ED MOLONEY

SECTION:  Pg. 4

LENGTH: 645 words


The humiliation of the Vivendi boss has taken attention away from US companies.
But not for long. . .

THE travails of the ousted and tearful Vivendi International boss Jean-Marie
Messier last week provided acres of colourful copy on both sides of the Atlantic
but reading American press accounts of the fall of a Frenchman who tried to
elbow into Hollywood, there was only one word that seemed appropriate and that
was schadenfreude , the pleasure that people take from the difficulties of
another.

Messier was to Hollywood what Tina Browne was to the print media in New York, an
interloper, albeit a talented one, who was messing in things that didn't concern
him. How dare this peddler of water, the financial press seemed to say, think
that he could aspire to owning and running some of the finest media and
entertainment businesses in America? Tina Browne was much admired by many
particularly for her stewardship of The New Yorker , as was Messier for his
acquisitions in California, but when she fell, there was no shortage of people
around crowing at her tumble, as if her impudence had been justly punished.
Messier's fall has been similarly hailed.

The event which triggered his stumble was the revelation that Vivendi had been
caught out by Parisian regulators attempting to misrepresent the sale of shares
in BSkyB so as to inflate profits by around $1.5bn. The ruse didn't work but the
involvement of Arthur Andersen meant that there was a whiff of other,
yet-to-bediscovered accounting irregularities about the affair, and so the
reaction was excessive.

Messier has gone and Vivendi, grouped willy-nilly alongside WorldCom and Enron,
now has to grapple with huge debts amid speculation that it will have to be
broken up and sold off. It was always a huge and inappropriate conglomerate
argued its critics, comprising not just the French water company but music
labels, amusement parks, movie studios, computer games, educational publishing
and cable tv networks. Just too large and disparate to ever be cohesive and
profitable.

The critics, it seems, have been proved right but that is proving to be scant
consolation to Vivendi's American critics for one immediate impact of Jean-Marie
Messier's fall has been to focus attention on the problems of America's own,
home-grown media conglomerates, many of whom, like Vivendi, grew by gobbling up
others during the heady days of the late 1990s.

Just look at the stock of two of them, Disney, whose share price has fallen by
16% in two months and AOL Time Warner, which during the same period has lost 30%
of its value, a performance only slightly worse than Vivendi's.

The decline of both American companies is being ascribed to an expansion that
happened too fast and in too ill-thought out a fashion - just like Vivendi. Now,
the chickens are coming home to roost.

Of the two AOL-Time Warner is probably in the greater difficulty. In the very
worst of circumstances, with Wall Street in the doldrums and money hard to come
by, AOLTime Warner somehow has to raise enough cash to extricate itself from a
complicated partnership with AT&T, with which is it bound together in a cable
company. The deal, which will cost several billion dollars, has been provoked by
AT&T's decision to sell its cable interests to ComCast which has no interest in
linking up to AOL-Time Warner and so is selling out, forcing AT&T's erstwhile
partner to cough up.

This is precisely the sort of case study in how huge merger and conglomerations
can go wrong. Should AOL-Time Warner not be able to unravel the tangle it got
itself into, then investors may decide to punish it heavily. At the moment
American business executives are sniggering at Vivendi and Jean-Marie Messier,
savouring every moment of their discomfort. They may be laughing on the other
side of their faces before too long.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vivendi boss Jean-Marie Messier was considered an interloper, albeit a
talented one

                     Copyright 2002 The Sunday Tribune plc

                              979 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              May 14, 2002 Tuesday

:Letters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 944 words


Personal agendas drive BHI foes

The Border Health Institute and the possibility of a four-year medical school
would provide some of the biggest economic and medical research opportunities El
Paso has ever had. Understandably, many residents near the Thomason Hospital
area are concerned about the impact these projects could have on their homes.

However, I urge all El Pasoans to be critical of the information that's being
spread by many of those opposed to some of these projects, including city Rep.
Luis Sari?ana, certain members of the "Citizens for Good Government," such as
Jaime O. Perez, and Theresa Caballero.

When most of the opposition is coming from individuals who either have a
personal agenda against Mayor Ray Caballero or who were supporters or employees
of opposing candidates in the latest mayoral election, their intention to do
what is best for El Paso is suspect.

Some of the characteristics of "good government" are that officials be open to
honest dialogue with constituents. However, those who continuously misrepresent
the truth and who demonstrate questionable motives represent the worst of
government, and the worst that can be offered to El Paso.

Amador Loya

East El Paso

FDA is wrong

This letter is in regard to a column by Michael Pi?on in the Apr. 29 Living
section, concerning the herb Kava Kava. Anyone with common sense will know and
understand that any product -- be it natural or chemical -- taken in mega doses
or combined with other substances will have adverse effects.

Why should the FDA ban this herb just because some people abused it? Could it be
that when people educate themselves and take their health back into their own
hands, then the pharmaceutical companies would lose money? It is a known fact
that the FDA and pharmaceutical companies have ties to each other. And just like
prescription drugs, natural supplements can be abused.

The FDA doesn't ban prescriptions because people choose to abuse them, so why
should that logic apply to herbs?

I found it interesting that Pinon's column was next to a news story by reporter
Melissa Martinez detailing how wonderful some people believe the new botulism
treatment is. It's ironic that the FDA is pondering the banning of a natural,
beneficial herb while it has just approved a deadly bacteria for use as a
wrinkle treatment to be injected into the face.

Again, money is the bottom line.

Linda Nelson

Northeast El Paso

Respect names

In a column last month, John Laird referred to Lee Trevi?o Drive and made a
point of using the "tilde" over the "n". Lee Trevi?o is a person and deserves to
have his name properly displayed and pronounced. Businesses on Lee Trevi?o Drive
should take note.

Some groups sponsor events in our civic center, and recently we were bombarded
with announcements about an event in the "Abraham Chavez" theater, with the
accent misplaced onto the "e". This theater has been named for a well-known El
Pasoan, symphony conductor and university professor. He and his family deserve
the respect of having his name pronounced properly: "Chavez," with the accent on
the "a." It's not that hard!

The civic center's contracts should include a clause that calls for significant
surcharges for any group that advertises its event with mispronunciation of the
name of the theater.

Charles Stanley

West El Paso

Revels criticized

This letter concerns Jim Revels' May 7 column, which cautioned El Pasoans to
"Beware lawyers who become politicians." This stereotypical admonition is as
silly as the warning "Beware retired Army colonels who write columns" (a
reference to Revels).

Revels warns El Pasoans that lawyers cannot be good leaders. I suggest Revels
dust off the history books and study the political lives of Abraham Lincoln,
Franklin D. Roosevelt and Mahatma Gandhi, all of whom were exceptional leaders
-- and lawyers.

The fact is, a person's profession does not definitively dictate the ability of
the person to be an effective leader. The common ingredient is selflessness,
courage and vision.

Fortunately, these essential characteristics can be found among some of our
community's most effective advocates -- some of whom happen to be lawyers.

Great leaders come from all walks of life and professions, including retired
Army colonels.

Steve Ortega

East El Paso

Trains were key

Leon Metz's column, "El Paso's mountains have seen it all," got my attention
with his interesting and fantastic information about the mountains and their
history.

Metz mentioned wagon trains and stage coaches as they passed their way around
Mount Cristo Rey in 1850, heading to the California gold fields.

Bring a retired railroader with 42 years of service, I was disappointed that no
mention was made in Metz's column of the contributions trains made to our area.

The steam engines frequently were blowing black smoke, with their exhaust
barking, as they snaked around the curves at Cristo Rey on their trips to and
from the west coast in the 1880s and 1890s.

Fred W. Gehrer

East El Paso

Your views

The El Paso Times welcomes letters to the editor. Letters may be edited for
brevity and clarity. Limit letters to 200 words and allow 30 days between
letters. Provide full name, address and daytime phone number, which will not be
published but are needed for verification only. Letters to the editor, opinion
and editorial columns and articles submitted to the Times may be published or
distributed in print, electronic or other forms. Aceptamos cartas en espa?ol.

Click here to send a letter to the editor

Mailing address: Letters to the editor, El Paso Times, P.O. Box 20, El Paso, TX
79999

Fax letters: 546-6343

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              980 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 18, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Jerusalem's Future: A Capital of Peace;
Jewish History

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 76 words



To the Editor:

Karen Armstrong (Op-Ed, July 16) misrepresents the core issue of Jerusalem by
couching it in religious terms. Jerusalem is the undivided capital of Israel
today because it was the undivided capital of Israel 3,000 years ago. One does
not have to believe in God to recognize this historic fact. Besides the Jews, no
other people has aboriginal historic claims to the city of Jerusalem.

DAVE CRYSTAL
Staten Island, July 17, 2000

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                              981 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          July 12, 1986, Saturday, SAT

U.S.-Canada relations improved under Gotlieb

SECTION: LETTER; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 311 words


   Bob Hepburn's article, Gotlieb's fall from grace (June 21), contains remarks
attributed to me which misrepresent what I said to your correspondent both in
tone and in one important specific.

Permit me to tell your readers what I did say:

1. Your correspondent opened by asking whether the status of U.S.-Canada
relations was as bad today as in 1981 when, as undersecretary of state, I gave a
talk characterizing the relationship as bordering on crisis. My answer: No, on
the contrary, they are vastly improved despite occasional and inevitable
frictions.

2. I was asked about Canadian Ambassador Allan Gotlieb's stewardship and style
and about certain recent events and their implications for Canada-U.S.
relations. I replied that, while these events had their effects, they were
transitory and that our two countries had a lot of important business to
transact which would and should be conducted soberly and sensitively by
officials on both sides.

3. I said that the high-profile style adopted by the ambassador undoubtedly had
the full support of two prime ministers, but did entail certain risks and was a
departure from the accustomed style. As a result of these recent happenings, I
observed that, as seen from Washington, Canada had lost its "innocence" or
"virginity" and now was like the rest of the girls, in contrast to the past
perception of Canadian officials as typically cool, reserved, highly discreet,
low-key, etc.

4. I did not say that the ambassador should be replaced. That, apparently, is
the view of your correspondent and he is free to express it so long as he does
not illegitimately implicate me in it.

May I add that I regard Ambassador Gotlieb to be a valued colleague and a man of
impressive intelligence, ability and sophistication.

MYER RASHISH

President

Rashish Associates, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Allan and Sondra Gotlieb with Ronald Reagan

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              982 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            June 25, 1986, Wednesday

CE Heath denial on lawsuit (210) /SCT

BYLINE: LAWRENCE LEVER

LENGTH: 217 words


CE Heath, the international insurance broker, yesterday denied reports that its
financial stability is under threat from a dollars 600 million ( n) pounds 396
millio US lawsuit against the Pinnacle Reinsurance Company, its Bermuda-based
subsidiary.

Pinnacle is one of several defendants named in the action, which was filed in
New Orleans on March 3 by the joint liquidators of the Mentor Group, one of whom
is Mr Michael Arnold, a partner in Arthur Young, the accountant, who was
appointed receiver of the National Union of Mineworkers.

The action alleges that Pinnacle and others conspired with Mentor to
misrepresent the effect of a reinsurance contract involving the two companies.

In a statement yesterday, CE Heath referred shareholders to its report and
accounts up to March 31, 1986, in which the directors stated that they
considered that no material liability would result from the action.

De Zoete & Bevan, the broker, said yesterday that institutional investors were
already familiar with the Pinnacle case, adding that it rated the chance of
Pinnacle losing the case as remote.

It pointed to the fact that Pinnacle's accountant, Arthur Anderson, gave the
company a clean audit report.

Mr Michael Arnold yesterday denied that litigation was in any way frivolous.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited

                              983 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 10, 1984, Sunday, Final Edition

The Tyranny of Thin And the Color Games

BYLINE: By Nina Hyde

SECTION: Style; Fashion Notes; K3

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


"I'm not going to recall one of your toxic textiles, or even ads which
misrepresent the product. But I am going to ask you to recall one of your models
. . . the model who died of starvation in Bergdorf's window," said Donald B.
Giddon, professor of behavioral science at New York University.

Giddon, who criticizes the fashion industry for creating "a tyranny of youth,
thinness and attractiveness" harmful to the health of women, was one of the
several provocative speakers at the Symposium on the Psychology of Fashion: From
Conception to Consumption, at the NYU Institute of Retail Management attended by
more than 400 retailers, designers, manufacturers, social scientists and others
in the fashion business. Giddon blamed the fashion industry's obsession with
thinness as the cause of "eating disorders like anorexia in more than 20 percent
of college women." He asked designers, advertisers and others to keep in mind
that "healthy weight is not the same as fashion weight."

While most speakers came to praise or explain various fashion phenomena, Israel
Abramon, professor of psychology at Brooklyn College (City University of New
York), questioned the legitimacy of another current fad-color analysis. He says
there is no scientific basis to theories that there are certain colors to which
each person "resonates," making them not only look better, but also feel better.

"Color analysis may work because people believe that it is right and it gives
them confidence," says Abramov, a specialist in how people perceive color. "And
after you have paid a couple of hundred dollars for color analysis, you convince
yourself that is valid and try to make it work for you. But to say that the
correct color has a positive effect... I'm like a Missouri farmer: 'Show me.'"

Most lectures focused on current fashion such as "'Tryin' Hard to Look Like Gary
Cooper': Idealism and Imagery in Contemporary Menswear," by Richard Martin of
the Fashion Institute of Technology. However, Ruth P. Rubenstein, also from FIT,
in a talk called "Color, Circumcision, Tattoos and Scars," examined body
ornamentation and social behavior in nonliterate societies where people can
choose what they want and there is no industry pushing products," observes
Rubenstein, "dress and adornment is socially constructed to meet very specific
needs tied to the expectations of specific role behavior."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post

                              984 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 1, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Land Measure Doesn't Push Development

SECTION: Section 4; Page 16; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 275 words



To the Editor:

Your treatment of the issue of roads on Federal land ignores the law and
misrepresents intentions ("More G.O.P. Environmental Wars," editorial, May 26).
You say that our provision would "revive an ancient Civil War statute" that
granted rights of way over unreserved public lands. Congress repealed that
statute in 1976 but reserved for states the power to determine what pre-1976
rights exist. Our provision doesn't revive a statute -- it prohibits the
Interior Department from revising the terms of its repeal.

In 1994 the department proposed regulations to transfer the final say over
pre-1976 rights-of-way claims from the states, which maintain these routes, to
Washington. Congress three times directed Interior not to implement those
regulations but rather to submit a proposal to change the 1976 law. President
Clinton signed each of the three bills containing the moratoriums.

To try to evade the law, the Interior Department issued an "interim policy" that
did exactly what the prohibited regulations would have done. Our provision once
again prohibits the department from doing with a "policy" what an act of
Congress has three times prohibited.

Rights of way are critical in the West. They enable states and local governments
to maintain access to state, Native Alaskan and private lands. We are not
encouraging development in huge swaths of land. My state, Alaska, is one-fifth
the size of the United States. We seek only that Interior abide by existing law,
and if it wishes to change it, to do so by constitutional process.

TED STEVENS
Chmn., Senate Appropriations Comm.
Washington, May 29, 1997

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                              985 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 2, 1989, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

New York City Served the Public Interest in the Macklowe Case

SECTION: Section A; Page 24, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 503 words


To the Editor:

News stories Jan. 14 and 16 and editorials Jan. 18 and 25 misrepresent New York
City's efforts to protect single-room-occupancy hotels from demolition and
suggest the city failed to discuss legislative changes that would have delayed
Harry Macklowe from building a hotel on West 44th Street. But that is not true.

I oversaw the development of the city's position on single-room-occupancy units.
The consensus was to allow the demolition or alteration of S.R.O. units if the
owner replaced them or paid into a fund to rehabilitate units or create new
units. And because we believed vacant land should not sit dormant when it could
be used productively, we eliminated a four-year construction ban imposed when
Mr. Macklowe illegally demolished several S.R.O. units.

Removal of the ban did not mean that Mr. Macklowe's illegal acts went
unpunished. The city sued him and won a settlement in which he paid a $2 million
penalty - $36,000 per demolished S.R.O. unit. He was also required to pay $2.7
million ($45,000 per demolished unit) in ''buyout'' funds, which are mandated
under the S.R.O. law. Effectively, Mr. Macklowe paid $81,000 a unit to buy out
his building, while any owner who legally demolishes an S.R.O. building would
pay only $45,000 per unit under the new law.

And let's not forget that Mr. Macklowe's contractor was convicted for the
illegal demolition, but unfortunately, there was insufficient evidence for a
grand jury to indict Mr. Macklowe.

He clearly paid a penalty for his actions, and the money is being put to good
use in a fund to create new S.R.O. units. The city is better off with that site
occupied by a hotel paying real estate taxes, instead of remaining a vacant
eyesore in an otherwise vibrant community. This reflects the citywide policy
recommended by the responsible city agencies and approved by the City Council.

The impact this policy may have had on Mr. Macklowe was not part of the briefing
the Mayor received on this issue. Why? Because the Law Department concluded that
a construction ban that would apply only to Mr. Macklowe was unconstitutional
and apprised me of this. I believed it was unnecessary to inform the Mayor
because it was obvious the administration would not propose an unconstitutional
bill.

If the construction ban provision was given insufficient attention, despite four
hearings on the bill and staff reports citing its deletion, that is regrettable.
Perhaps I should have specifically brought the issue to the Mayor's attention
and insisted the respective agencies testify in the Council.

Most of the discussions related to the broader issue of generating S.R.O.
housing units and not to how quickly Mr. Macklowe could begin construction. A
reasonable person would understand the oversight. To suggest that those
concerned were unaware of the substance of the bill, or that the public interest
was not served, is simply untrue.

ROBERT ESNARD, Deputy Mayor for Policy
and Physical Development
  New York, Jan. 26, 1989

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company

                              986 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 5, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

MUSIC MAILBAG;
MUSIC AFTER MOZART

SECTION: Section 2; Page 16, Column 6; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 198 words


To the Editor:


It is tempting to shrug off Will Crutchfield's article as just one more
decline-of-the-West fantasy, but the article's air of musicological authority
demands something more. Mr. Crutchfield insults and discourages composers of all
kinds who are trying to write expressively after three decades in which academic
aridity held center stage. Audiences recognize this effort and applaud the
results, but we are apparently supposed to think that it is all a waste of time.

In his eagerness to press his view, Mr. Crutchfield oversimplifies and too often
misrepresents the facts of musical history, something that might escape
non-professional music lovers. Mozart, too, had trouble with people who thought
his music overcomplicated; he sometimes had to replace whole movements that were
thought to have ''too many modulations'' or ''too many notes.'' It was Mozart,
not Beethoven, who had trouble with performers over a radical new quartet (the
''Dissonant''); Beethoven's celebrated remark about the ''puling fiddle'' was an
irascible outburst to a good friend who had complained about the difficulty of a
particular passage.  ELLIOTT LEONARD Plattsburgh, N.Y.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                              987 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                December 9, 2002

Terror Premium Refunds Due: CFA

BYLINE: By Steven Brostoff

SECTION: TERROR REFUNDS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 570 words

DATELINE: Washington


Insurance companies should refund 40 percent to 50 percent of the premium for
terrorism insurance to businesses with existing coverage, the Consumer
Federation of America said in a report that was blasted by insurance groups.

"Taxpayer backup has lowered the risk and costs of commercial insurers literally
overnight," said J. Robert Hunter, director of insurance for the
Washington-based CFA.

Businesses with current coverage, Mr. Hunter said, should demand "immediate and
sizable" refunds of terrorism insurance premiums.

"My analysis shows that the typical business with terrorism coverage should get
back about 40 to 50 percent of its premium for a full year, or 20 to 25 percent
for a half year of remaining coverage," he said.

Mr. Hunter said that he reached this estimate based on how much less insurance
companies would have to pay under the recently enacted terrorism insurance law
than before its enactment in the event of a future terrorist attack.

Before President Bush signed the bill, Mr. Hunter said, taxpayers were liable
for 35 percent of all insurance losses, based on the federal corporate write-off
rate.

But under the new law, he said, insurance companies will pay 53 percent less for
a mid-sized terrorist attack -- one with average losses of $ 25 billion -- and
68 percent less for a large attack with average losses of $ 40 billion.

Adding some assumptions about the percentages of losses that will be paid out in
each size category to his analysis (including small attacks for which insurers
will see no savings), Mr. Hunter concluded that the overall cost savings to
insurers and businesses is 46 percent.

Julie Gackenbach, assistant vice president of government relations with the Des
Plaines, Ill.-based National Association of Independent Insurers, criticized Mr.
Hunter's numbers as based solely on conjecture.

The problem with developing a premium and underwriting structure for terrorism
risks is that while insurance companies can develop a model based on severity,
Ms. Gackenbach said, there is no model based on frequency.

But Mr. Hunter seems to base his numbers on frequency despite a lack of data,
she said.

Ms. Gackenbach also challenged Mr. Hunter's assertion that taxpayers are already
on the hook for 35 percent of losses, based on the corporate write-off rate.

The 35 percent figure, she said, is simply the top tax rate.  Where there is no
income, Ms. Gackenbach said, there is no tax due.

But this is not really as expense borne by taxpayers, she said.  And in any
event, insurance companies that do experience substantial losses and thus have
no income, may still be hit by the corporate alternative minimum tax.

Gary Karr, a representative of the Washington-based American Insurance
Association, blasted the report.

"We have consistently said that CFA does not represent the consumers of
commercial insurance," Mr. Karr said.

CFA, he said, has consistently misrepresented the status of the market and what
the terrorism backstop will do.

This latest report, Mr. Karr said, misrepresents how insurance works.

Moreover, Mr. Karr said, prior to the Sept. 11 attacks, insurers were giving
away terrorism insurance coverage, not even charging a premium.

Since Sept. 11, he added, many real consumers have not been able to get coverage
due to the lack of a backstop.  That is a real crisis, Mr. Karr said, and Mr.
Hunter consistently misrepresents that.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The National Underwriter Company

                              988 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Mass. Supreme Judicial Court limits tolling based on fraud

BYLINE: Eric T. Berkman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2101  words


Lawyers say a Supreme Judicial Court decision limiting the ability to equitably
toll statutes of limitations based on fraudulent concealment in multi-party
cases heightens the standard for plaintiffs in a wide range of common-law
claims. The plaintiff in the case contended that his nephew, an insurance agent,
advised him to purchase what was misrepresented as a $500,000 life insurance
policy, and then continued to misrepresent the value while concealing his own
financial stake in the transaction. The plaintiff ultimately brought Chapter 93A
claims as well as assorted common-law negligence, fraud and misrepresentation
claims against the agent, the insurer and the agent's former employer. The
plaintiff -- who did not bring his common-law claims until after the three-year
statute of limitations had run -- argued that his nephew had fraudulently
concealed the alleged misrepresentation and thus the statute was equitably
tolled, making his claims timely. But the SJC found that absent evidence that
the other defendants engaged in concealment, the statute could be tolled only
with respect to the agent.

"Although we have not squarely addressed the precise issue, the weight of the
authority in other jurisdictions holds that 'plaintiffs may not generally use
the fraudulent concealment by one defendant as a means to toll the statute of
limitations against other defendants,'" wrote Justice Barbara A. Lenk, quoting
Griffin v. McNiff, a federal District Court ruling from the Southern District of
New York. Victoria L. Steinberg, a business litigator at Collora in Boston who
was not involved in the case, said the decision raises the bar "significantly"
for litigants attempting to toll the statute of limitations in a vast range of
contexts "far beyond insurance-related fraud and potentially beyond common-law
claims to statutory claims. " Timothy O. Eagan of Peabody & Arnold in Boston,
counsel for the agent's former employer, called the ruling an "important victory
for the defense bar," reiterating that the decision applies to all tort cases.
"Massachusetts has joined the vast majority of jurisdictions in holding that
each defendant stands on their own merits," he said. The court also interpreted
Chapter 175, §181, which governs fraud and misrepresentation by life insurers,
in a manner that lawyers say could open new doors for plaintiffs. Specifically,
the SJC held that the law -- which has a two-year statute of repose and allows
only for rescission as a civil remedy -- is not the only available avenue for
policyholders who claim they have been harmed by a life insurer's
misrepresentation, and that the statute covers only the actions of insurance
companies, not agents or brokers. "This is an important decision for the
plaintiffs' bar in misrepresentation cases involving life insurance," said
Charles M. Waters of Sheehan, Phinney, Bass & Green in Boston. "Prior to this,
insurance companies believed they could assert [Chapter 175, §181] as a defense
and walk away with a two-year statute of repose and bar all claims after two
years. They can no longer do that. " The 41-page decision is Passatempo, et al.
v. McMenimen, et al., Lawyers Weekly No. 10-008-12. Insufficient coverage In
1998, defendant Frederick McMenimen, an insurance agent, allegedly convinced his
uncle, retired schoolteacher Samuel Pietropaolo, to drop a $500,000 life
insurance policy in exchange for a risky securities-backed policy. McMenimen
claimed doing so would provide better death benefits for Pietropaolo's wife,
Patricia. According to the plaintiff, McMenimen lied to him and Patricia about
the value of the new policy, telling them it carried the same coverage as their
original policy when it was actually for $200,000. When they received statements
from Provident Mutual, which issued the policy, and later from defendant
Nationwide Life Insurance Co. -- which acquired Provident -- indicating that the
policy was for $200,000, McMenimen repeatedly reassured them they had $500,000
in coverage. McMenimen also allegedly failed to tell the plaintiffs that he
worked for Provident and had received more than $8,000 in commissions on the
transaction. At the time of the transaction, defendant Barry G. Armstrong was an
agency manager for Provident, had hired McMenimen and acted as his direct
supervisor. According to the plaintiffs, Armstrong was actively involved in the
application, underwriting and issuance of the policy but failed to subject their
application to the proper scrutiny. In 2003, another Nationwide agent called the
Pietropaoloes and told them the true nature of the insurance policy. They
contacted McMenimen, who explained the situation as a "correctable
administrative mistake" and promised to have it fixed. The correction never
happened, and, in 2004, the Pietropaoloes brought fraud, negligence,
misrepresentation and Chapter 93A claims in Superior Court against McMenimen,
Nationwide and Armstrong. The defendants moved to dismiss, contending that the
claims actually constituted a rescission action couched in other terms to avoid
Chapter 175, §181's strict two-year limitations period. The motion judge agreed
that the statute was a two-year statute of repose not subject to equitable
tolling, but also found that the statute only protected insurance companies.
Thus, the judge dismissed the claims against Nationwide but not against the
individual defendants. In 2009, Superior Court Judge Margaret R. Hinkle
conducted a jury trial on the common-law claims but reserved the 93A claims.
After a 12-day trial, the jury found that McMenimen had made intentional
misrepresentations to the plaintiffs; that McMenimen and Armstrong were both
negligent; and that the plaintiffs were contributorily negligent. The jury
awarded $300,000 in damages. Following a bench trial on the Chapter 93A claims,
Hinkle ruled that the plaintiffs' demand letter was not sufficient to put
Armstrong on notice of such claims and that they had failed to show he had
engaged in unfair and deceptive conduct. Regarding McMenimen, the judge adopted
the jury's factual findings and damages calculation and awarded treble damages
and attorneys' fees. The case spawned multiple issues on appeal and came before
the SJC twice before the most recent arguments, which addressed a number of
questions, including the extent to which the common-law claims were subject to
equitable tolling and whether Nationwide had been properly dismissed from the
litigation under Chapter 175, §181. Timely or not? The SJC found that the trial
court judge correctly declined to dismiss the claims against Armstrong and
McMenimen under Chapter 175, §181, holding that the statute does not apply to
them. "The plain text of [Section 181] makes clear that the statute does not
provide a civil remedy against persons or entities other than an insurance
company," Lenk said. "A reading of the statute that immunizes insurance agents
and employees of insurance companies from any civil liability for
misrepresentations in the sale of insurance would be inconsistent with [Section
181's] statutory purpose of enhanced deterrence. " The court also found that
Section 181 was not the exclusive remedy for plaintiffs alleging
misrepresentation by a life insurer. "Again, the Legislature's desire to enhance
deterrence [against insurer misrepresentation in enacting Section 181] makes it
doubtful that the Legislature would have intended to preempt civil remedies
other than rescission against insurance companies," Lenk wrote. As a result, as
long as the common-law and 93A claims against Nationwide were not "merely
repackaged claims more properly brought under [Section 181]," they would not be
subjected to Section 181's two-year statute of repose, she said. The court found
they were not. "The plaintiffs seek not only a distinct remedy [from that of
Section 181], but a remedy for a distinct harm," Lenk said. "Sec. 181 party ....
to rescind [an insurance] contract for fraud. The plaintiffs, however, do not
seek rescission of an issued policy, nor do they otherwise seek adjudication of
their [rights as parties] to an insurance contract. ... They contend simply that
the defendants' fraud or negligence deceived them such that they believed he was
[insured for $500,000]. " The SJC further found that the common-law claims,
which were brought outside the three-year statute of limitations for such
claims, were timely as to McMenimen but not as to Nationwide or Armstrong. In
doing so, the SJC rejected the plaintiffs' argument that the three-year statute
should be equitably tolled as to all three defendants on grounds of fraudulent
concealment. Lenk pointed out that the jury had found only that McMenimen, as a
fiduciary of the plaintiffs, had fraudulently concealed his actions and that
there was no showing that his concealment arose "out of a demonstrated agency
relationship" with either of the co-defendants or in conspiracy with them.
Therefore, the SJC found, all common-law claims should have been dismissed
against Armstrong and Nationwide. Nonetheless, the court found that the 93A
claims against Armstrong and Nationwide were not time-barred due to its
four-year limitations period. Thus, the SJC concluded that the Chapter 93A claim
could proceed against Nationwide, bringing the insurer back into the litigation,
while affirming the dismissal of the 93A claim against Armstrong on
demand-letter grounds. Whose victory? Steinberg predicted that the SJC's ruling
on the equitable tolling issue will have real-world implications beyond the
insurance misrepresentation context. In fact, she said she is currently handling
a Chapter 151B employment discrimination case that could be impacted by the
ruling. "The issue will be whether the statute of limitations should be tolled
as to an entity because of the actions of an individual," Steinberg said.
"Before this case, it would have been easier to show that the actions of that
one individual resulted in my client being unaware of something the entity was
doing [that would give rise to a claim]. But this case seems to suggest that it
will only be in an agency relationship that the concealment of one person would
toll the statute of limitations as to another individual or entity. " Harvey J.
Wolkoff of Ropes & Gray in Boston represented Nationwide. Wolkoff said he is
disappointed his client is back in the case, but expressed confidence that the
93A claim ultimately will be dismissed on its merits. Wolkoff added that he is
"gratified" by the SJC's decision in other respects, since it resolved
longstanding uncertainty about the nature of Chapter 175, §181 in a manner that
favors insurers. Specifically, he pointed to the SJC's confirmation that Section
181 is a statute of repose not subject to tolling and that it offers only
rescission as a remedy. Nonetheless, Boston business litigator Raymond P.
Ausrotas of Arrowood Peters in Boston reiterated the court's holding that
Section 181 is not the exclusive remedy against insurers. "It may be that, prior
to this decision, insurers could try to argue that the statute prevented any
claim [including for fraud] being brought longer than two years after issuance
of a life insurance policy, and that the sole remedy for a breach was rescission
of the contract," said Ausrotas, who was not involved in the case. "That is
certainly no longer the law. " But Wolkoff sees a silver lining for insurers.
"[The decision] did say you can't engage in artful pleading and take a
complaint, which otherwise in reality is one for rescission, and try to make it
something else," he said. "The Superior Court will have to be vigilant in
reviewing complaints to make sure complainants aren't actually seeking
rescission, but couching their complaints in terms of other remedies to try and
avoid the two-year statute of repose. " William P. Corbett of Salem, who
represented McMenimen, declined to comment on the record other than to say that
there are "flaws in the decision," and his petition for rehearing will "speak to
those problems. " Eric T. Berkman, an attorney and formerly a reporter for
Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly, is a freelance writer. CASE: Passatempo, et al. v.
McMenimen, et al., Lawyers Weekly No. 10-008-12 COURT: Supreme Judicial Court
ISSUE: Can the statute of limitations in common-law claims be equitably tolled
as to all defendants in a multi-party case when there is only evidence of one
defendant engaging in fraudulent concealment? DECISION: No, absent evidence that
the defendant engaging in fraudulent concealment actively conspired with the
other defendants or acted at their behest to do so

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              989 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            September 6, 2010 Monday

Iran MP says USA, Britain promote "Iranophobia"

LENGTH: 107 words


Text of report in English by Iranian official government news agency IRNA
website

Tehran, 5 September: Rapporteur of the Majlis Commission on National Security
and Foreign Policy Kazem Jalali said on Sunday [5 September] that the USA and
Britain attempted to promote Iranophobia and misrepresent Iran to mislead the
neighbouring states.

Speaking to IRNA, he advised the countries in the region to exercise vigilance
in order not to fall into the trap set by the USA and Britain.

There is no doubt that negligence of the trap would bring negative consequences,
he said.

Source: Islamic Republic News Agency website, Tehran, in English 1341 gmt 5 Sep
10

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              990 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      April 23, 2005 Saturday Home Edition

E-rate case not over; school chief scolded

BYLINE: KEN FOSKETT

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A;

LENGTH: 644 words


A congressional committee chastised Atlanta School Superintendent Beverly Hall
on Friday for giving out "flawed and misleading" information about a probe into
$60 million in E-rate technology spending.

A recent news release on the Atlanta Public Schools Web site, quoting Hall,
suggested the district had done nothing wrong.

"We ask that you correct the public record on this matter, and that you not
misrepresent the status or results of the Subcommittee's investigation of APS'
E-rate program," Rep. Ed Whitfield (R-Ky.), chairman of the House Energy and
Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, wrote to Hall.

Whitfield's sharply worded letter also says Atlanta officials have yet to
adequately account for how they spent E-rate grants.

Hall was unavailable for comment Friday.

Rodney Moore, the district's legal counsel, said APS remains "committed to
taking appropriate action if any wrongdoing is identified." However, he said,
"Neither Congress nor the Justice Department has, to date, identified any
specific fraud, waste or abuse with the APS E-Rate Program."

The House committee launched an inquiry last May after The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution reported that the APS E-rate program routinely paid too
much for equipment and services and often bought equipment it didn't need.

In December the newspaper reported that documents showed APS had diverted $5
million in E-rate grants for unauthorized expenditures, including big-screen
plasma TVs, wiring at football stadiums, and cellular telephone bills.

Funded by a surcharge on consumers' telephone bills, E-rate helps schools and
libraries in low-income communities pay to wire classrooms for high-speed
Internet access. Atlanta spent $60 million from E-rate between 1998 and 2002,
plus $13 million in local funds, to build one of the nation's most sophisticated
computer networks for schoolchildren.

A news release posted on the district's Web site in February prompted
Whitfield's rebuke. The information appeared in Talk Up! --- an APS publication
that is widely read by parent groups and APS vendors.

In the release, the school district said Congress "took no action" against APS
after reviewing its E-rate files.

"The comment implies that Congress gave APS a clean bill of health regarding its
participation in the E-rate program --- but any such conclusion is flawed and
misleading," Whitfield said. "Based upon our initial review . . . serious
questions remain regarding the school district's management of its E-rate
program."

The APS Web site also said the district's 70-page report to Congress found
"E-rate funds were indeed spent on technology for education, as intended."

But Whitfield noted that APS has yet to complete an E-rate audit, and thus could
not say whether E-rate funds were wasted or misused.

The interim report also erred, Whitfield said, when it stated that the district
had no evidence an E-rate vendor sought to improperly influence the E-rate
application process. In fact, he said, APS has e-mails suggesting that a vendor
did so.

As admitted in the report, it also does not include testimony from several key
witnesses.

"Some of the subcommittee's most important questions about waste, fraud and
abuse in APS' E-rate program remain unanswered," Whitfield said.

APS balked at paying $80,000 for the work necessary to submit a final report to
Congress. The subcommittee told APS it would not require a final report, but
encouraged school officials to continue to look into E-rate spending here.

In an interview, Whitfield said the abuses of the E-rate program uncovered in
Atlanta and several other school districts will help Congress draft new
legislation governing the $2.25 billion-a-year program.

"There will be legislation to fix some of the problems with this program," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: School chief Beverly Hall was scolded by a panel probing E-rate abuses.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              991 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            April 6, 2000, Thursday

High court sides with Limited in customs fraud suit

BYLINE: BY PAULA L. GREEN

SECTION: WORLD TRADE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 406 words


The U.S. Supreme Court has rejected a textile organization's petition to review
its claim that several U.S. retailers committed customs fraud by illegally
transshipping textiles made in Asia.

The court's decision ends a three-year effort by the American Textile
Manufacturers Institute to use the 1863 False Claims Act to pursue importers
over allegations of textiles and clothing transshipments.

Illegal transshipments occur when importers misrepresent the country of origin
to circumvent U.S. quotas on the actual country where the goods were
manufactured. Often goods are physically shipped through a third country to give
the appearance that they originated there.

The court on Monday rejected ATMI's request for a Supreme Court review of a
September 1999 ruling of the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. The circuit
court had affirmed a lower court decision dismissing ATMI's case against The
Limited Inc., of Columbus, Ohio, and its affiliated retailers; and apparel
importers Tarrant Apparel Group, Los Angeles, and Mast Industries Inc., Andover,
Mass.

The False Claims Act was enacted to allow citizens to sue in cases in which they
believe the government was defrauded, and to keep part of the money recovered as
a result of the suit. Many were surprised that ATMI chose to use the law to
pursue illegal transshipment.

""We're gratified by the ruling,'' Samuel P. Fried, senior vice president and
general counsel at The Limited, said in a brief statement.

Carlos Moore, executive vice president at the Washington-based textile
institute, said he believes the False Claims Act can be used in this type of
case.

""We're disappointed that the Supreme Court did not choose to consider this
issue and return it to the courts for further consideration,'' Moore said.

He said the institute is considering other ways to keep fighting customs fraud
committed by textile transshippers, including conducting its own investigation
and looking at other ways to use the False Claims Act.

Brenda Jacobs, a Washington trade attorney who also works as trade counsel for
the U.S. Association of Importers of Textiles and Apparel, said she did not find
the Supreme Court's decision surprising. ""This was not what the False Claims
Act was meant to do,'' she added.

Jacobs said she was not aware of any other options available to the institute.
""The only thing they could do is push Customs to do more,'' she said.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              992 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          January 12, 1994, Wednesday

SEC NOTEBOOK Writer gets icy response from Fogler

BYLINE: By Scott M. Reid STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Section C; Page 5

LENGTH: 601 words


At least a month before the debate about whether Vanderbilt or Georgia or
Florida or LSU is on the bubble, the bubble between SEC coaches and the league's
media already has burst.

It was probably a sign that something was up when Georgia coach Hugh Durham
recently decided to drop his usual "philosophy" of not reading the local papers
during the season. While Durham is only mildly irritated with what he has been
reading, several of his colleagues are ready to slam the full-court press just a
week into SEC play. Perhaps the most surprising aspect of last weekend's
outbursts between the coach's box and press box is that none of them involved
Lousiana State coach Dale Brown. Of course, the Tigers don't play at Brown's
Waterloo, Vanderbilt's Memorial Gymnasium, until Saturday.

In December, South Carolina coach Eddie Fogler promised postgame fireworks
following his return to Nashville and last Saturday he delivered. All Fogler
needed was a routine question to set him off.

"Eddie," Larry Woody of The Tennessean newspaper asked, "did you say anything to
the Vanderbilt kids after the game?"

"No comment," Fogler said.

When Woody posed another question, Fogler jumped in, "I have no comment to
anything you ask, Larry. You see, Larry, I'm going to say this very nicely, very
professionally. Dealing with you for four years is a trip. Quote me right on
this. . . .

"In my opinion, you're very unprofessional. You make up quotes. You misrepresent
the facts. Because I like Vanderbilt, and I felt the university and its fans
should have a right to have its team covered by the morning paper, I had to have
a relationship with you. Now that I'm at South Carolina, I don't."

"Well, because the morning paper pays my salary, I had to have a relationship
with you, Eddie," Woody responded, not missing a beat.

"Great," Fogler continued. "I'm glad the feeling's mutual. Never ask me a
question again because I have no comment."

Fogler then refused to answer questions from two other Tennessean reporters,
referring to the paper as the "morning tabloid."

LOVE AND KISSES, PART II: Bolstered by Alabama's upset of No. 1 Arkansas
Saturday, Crimson Tide coach David Hobbs ripped crticism of Bama's 3-5 start.

"I want to thank the Birmingham sportswriter who sent me this game plan," Hobbs
said, tongue in cheek. "I'm the same guy I was last week. I'm not all of sudden
a genius for winning this game. And I'm not a dummy for losing those games."

LOVE AND KISSES, PART III: Kentucky coach Rick Pitino has never left any doubt
as to whom he thinks the genius is. After Georgia's upset of the No. 4 Wildcats,
Pitino lectured the media for underestimating the impact of center Rodney Dent's
career-ending knee injury would have on Kentucky's season. Without Dent, the
Wildcats were outrebounded by Georgia 54-38.

"For all you so-called experts," Pitino said, "now you'll listen to the coach
that sees the players in practice every day. . . . Listen to what I'm talking
about."

When a friend of Pitino's tried to rescue him from the media, Pitino snappped
back, "I'll go when I'm ready. These are important people."

Pitino then winked at a Lexington reporter.

PARTING SHOT: Pitino, however, saved his real anger for Kentucky forward Rodrick
Rhodes who received a technical foul after swearing at a Bulldog player..

"I'm fed up with him," Pitino said. "We don't act that way. We act like
gentlemen."

This is the same Pitino who, in a 1991 game in Athens, ripped the dress of
Leslie Reilly, wife of UGA basketball sports information director Norm Reilly,
while slamming the scorer's table.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940130304

GRAPHIC: Photo: Eddie Fogler, South Carolina coach, won't speak to the Nashville
print media.

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution

                              993 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                            October 11, 2002 Friday

HYDE PARK

BYLINE: Richard Kroll, James C. Sentell

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 267 words



HIGHLIGHT: Readers' Letters


The jury's out

on the Arab world

Sir, - Mr. Safieh's political agenda requires him to invert history and
misrepresent current events. His assertion that the Arab world has no
ideological dispute with the U.S. is contradicted by polls among all segments of
Arab society.

On the other hand, shared values of tolerance and respect for people's lives and
dignity bind America and Israel.

History is still undecided as Mr. Safieh states. Regrettably he fails to
recognize that America is making the right choices for which it is hated and
feared by dictators and abusers of civil rights throughout the Arab world.

Sadly, Mr. Safieh is unable to understand that his goal of depriving the Jewish
People its right to self- determination in its historic homeland represents a
perversion of justice that I believe Americans will never support.

Richard Kroll

Suffern, NY

Arafat's

no Patrick Henry

Sir, - Mr. Afif Safieh (Letters, September 27) invokes "another America," the
"America of the Civil Rights Movement and Martin Luther King's dream," which is
the "America we Palestinians appeal to..." Most Westerners, I suspect, find it
irrational to equate Yassar Arafat to Patrick Henry and his famous "Give me
Liberty or give me death."

After all, this emanates from a repressive and feudal culture whose last
contribution to the advance of mankind seems to have been developing our
numbering system, with its zero value, and renaming a few of the brighter stars
many centuries ago. Still, as a sports manager might ask one of his overpaid and
fading superstars what he has done for his team lately?

James C. Sentell , Tucson, AZ

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              994 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 26, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

The Settlements Controversy

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A26; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 405 words


Barton Gellman's Dec. 14 news story misrepresents the Israeli government's
decision to increase financial assistance to Jewish settlements. Characterizing
the assistance as "financial support to Jews building homes" and "strengthening
settlements," could lead readers to conclude only that the construction of new
settlements has been sanctioned. The Israeli cabinet's decision spoke nothing of
expanding settlements, and Mr. Gellman is wrong to imply otherwise.

Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu stated unequivocally that his
government would not establish new Jewish communities in the territories, nor
would it allow private lands to be used for such purposes. He further stated
that his government would stop any attempt at illegal, unilateral building by
settlement leaders.

Mr. Gellman stated that the cabinet's decision "signals the resumption in
earnest of efforts to absorb the occupied territories into Israel." His reading
of additional meaning into the Israeli action not only is improper, it is
unsubstantiated by the prime minister's statements.

The gruesome attack by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine on a
Jewish family traveling by car to their West Bank home forced Israel to speak
out in support of West Bank Jews. The attack aimed not only to kill Jews but to
force Israel to uproot Jewish residents of the territories -- something Israel
refuses to do. The cabinet decision was a nonviolent expression of solidarity
with the Jewish residents of the West Bank -- that they will remain and that
Palestinian terrorism will accomplish nothing but lend Israel and West Bank Jews
moral strength. Saying simply that the attack "occasioned" the Israeli decision
on settlements ignores the true message Israel's action was meant to convey.

Moreover, although Mr. Gellman reported that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat
permitted the terrorist group Hamas to parade through Gaza calling for renewed
suicide attacks against Israel, he neglected to interpret this as a signal of
yet another campaign of bloodshed orchestrated by Palestinians similar to that
of September. Mr. Gellman reported that Hezbollah's Katyusha rockets rain once
again on northern Israel, but he did not offer this as a potential cause of
escalation. Instead, he portrayed Israel, the intransigent negotiator and armed
with its settlement policies, as thirsting for war.

JESS MICHAEL SADICK

Washington

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              995 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 28, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

FTC Watching for Rate Misrepresentations

Kenneth R. Harney

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE E20; THE NATION'S HOUSING

LENGTH: 759 words


In a new crackdown on mortgage bankers who allegedly misrepresent interest rates
to applicant home buyers, the Federal Trade Commission has obtained an agreement
from a lender to refund $ 200,000 to its customers -- with individual cash
settlements as high as $ 9,000.

The FTC's consent agreement is with Excell Mortgage Corp., an Englewood Cliffs,
N.J.-based mortgage banking and brokerage firm. The nationwide significance of
the consent agreement, according to consumer-finance experts, is that it sends a
blunt message to lenders in every market: Federal investigators plan to
aggressively rein in alleged "truth-in-lending" violators, and want home buyers
and refinancers who suspect they are victims of discount-rate disclosure scams
to contact the FTC.

Carole L. Reynolds, a senior attorney with the FTC's credit-practices division,
said in an interview that truth-in-lending violations represent an "important
problem" in the home mortgage field. Many of the rate-disclosure errors made by
lending firms may simply be mathematical or computer mistakes, she said. But
whether intentional or accidental, they are violations of federal law, and
expose the lender to costly federal legal attacks.

The complaint against Excell alleges that the firm gave its borrowers "annual
percentage rate" (APR), finance charge and payment schedule estimates that
understated the true charges.

Reynolds said a typical example amounted to a 2 percentage point understatement
-- an APR estimate of 8 percent on the truth-in-lending disclosure when the
actual rate came to 10 percent. The APR disclosure was inaccurate by such a
large margin, according to the FTC, because Excell provided only an initial
start-up "discount rate" to customers, but omitted the higher rate that took
effect after the discount period.

All the loans covered by the settlement were teaser-rate, discounted
adjustable-rate mortgages. No identities of individual consumers eligible for
refunds were made public.

Asked for comment on the charges, an Excell Mortgage spokesman said the consent
agreement with the FTC "in no way is an admission of guilt or liability." Any
"errors that may have taken place," he said, were caused by "a computer program
error." Excell said it settled with the FTC to avoid litigation costs that could
have been higher than the settlement refunds.

The FTC's charges against Excell highlight a consumer protection that borrowers
commonly ignore: the federally mandated truth-in-lending disclosure forms handed
out during the loan application and closing procedures. Many borrowers just
glance at the forms, treating them as just another part of the paperwork blur of
a home purchase.

Yet federal law treats accurate disclosure of the key terms in a mortgage as one
of the most important steps for the borrower. The penalties for lenders are
severe. Under the consent agreement, Excell, for instance, will have to pay
fines of $ 10,000 per violation, per loan for any future disclosure
irregularities in its home mortgage business.

So what does all this mean to you as a home buyer or refinancer? Potentially
plenty. For starters, don't let truth-in-lending disclosure forms sneak by you.
Get familiar with the features of your loan covered by federal disclosure rules.
Then question the lender if you have any uncertainties.


No. 1 on the disclosure list: the annual percentage rate. This is the "true"
cost of the amount borrowed expressed as a yearly rate. It includes the "points"
-- the interest you pay in advance, with each point amounting to 1 percent of
the loan amount. In the case of an adjustable-rate mortgage with a "teaser,"
discount or introductory rate period, the APR must be a "composite" rate arrived
at by blending the discount rate period with the post-discount rate period over
the full term of the loan.


Next on the list: the "finance charge." That's the full amount of the interest
payments and fees you'll make if the mortgage runs its full term. That charge
gets added to the "amount financed" -- the actual principal you're borrowing --
to arrive at the "total of payments." This last item is usually the shocker that
blows borrowers off their feet. It's the one that shows you will end up paying
double the house price or more in total mortgage charges if you stick with it
for 30 years.

If you suspect you're the victim of a truth-in-lending violation by your lender,
you or your attorney can contact the FTC's Division of Credit Practices, Sixth
Street and Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, D.C. 20580.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, WILLIAM T. COULTER

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              996 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            March 4, 1981, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 14, Column 2

LENGTH: 39 words

Former Sperry Corp employee Robert Gazit charges that Sperry had required him to
misrepresent certain facts, so as to rig bidding for pending NYS computer
contract.  Seeks $20 million in damages and breach-of-contract claims (S).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              997 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 21, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Talking Deals;
When the Court Backs a Raider

BYLINE: By Geraldine Fabrikant

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 790 words


IN many battles for companies, the raiders are portrayed as the greedy players,
often willing to misrepresent their means and ultimate goals. In the case of the
battle for control of Macmillan Inc., Judge Jack Jacobs of Delaware Chancery
Court presented a different picture last week when he granted the Robert Bass
Group a preliminary injunction stopping Macmillan's proposed restructuring.

Judge Jacobs's bluntly worded decision, which is under appeal, concluded that
Macmillan's management had misled the publishing company's board about its
ultimate goal in proposing the radical restructuring. It would have split the
company into two companies, to be named Macmillan Publishing and the Macmillan
Information Company.

Judge Jacobs also concluded that Macmillan's management had misrepresented the
strategy and goals of the Bass Group in its takeover bid.

Finally, the judge raised serious questions about the independence of Lazard
Freres & Company as advisers to the special committee of outside directors. And
he questioned the logic of strategic advice that Wasserstein Perella,
Macmillan's investment bankers, gave the board.

Judge Jacobs found that Macmillan's top management began misleading the board in
June 1987 after Edward Evans, the company's chairman, started exploring an
anti-takeover strategy.

Mr. Evans began by persuading the board to grant restricted common shares to him
and other top executives. The board issued new shares to the executives on
several subsequent occasions. The share accumulation was a major part of a
strategy that would have allowed management, which originally had only a 2
percent stake in Macmillan, to accumulate what would have become a 39 percent
stake in the Macmillan Information Company. Macmillian Information would have
contained most of the current company's fastest-growing businesses. In fact, the
evidence showed that Macmillan's managers originally sought to have more than 50
percent of the stock.

Judge Jacobs noted that even though the continued issuance of shares and the
restructuring plans ''exquisitely'' coincided, Macmillan denied that the
transactions related to the restructuring. That fact, the judge said, implied
that management did not inform the board of its long-term goal.

The judge also criticized management's characterization of the Bass Group as
''predatory greenmailers.'' He said that testimony from four companies in which
the Bass Group had previously invested contradicted such a characterization and
that Macmillan's management had never made any attempt to investigate the
matter. ''Management's pejorative characterizations of the Bass Group served
more to propagandize the board than to enlighten it,'' the judge wrote.

In addition, Mr. Evans sent Charles McCurdy, Macmillan's chief financial
officer, to meet with the Bass Group to discuss its initial bid. However, Mr.
Evans had ''so limited his authority'' that Mr. McCurdy could do nothing. As a
result, Judge Jacobs wrote, at least one board member, on hearing the results of
the meeting, concluded that the Bass Group had been intractable about clarifying
its bid.

Meanwhile, Macmillan had hired Wasserstein Perella as investment bankers. That
firm got in touch with Lazard Freres about advising the company's special
committee of outside directors before that committee had been formed. The judge
wrote that before any meetings with that committee, Lazard did about 500 hours
of work for Macmillan management on the restructuring, even sending a letter
addressed to ''Ned'' Evans stating, ''All of us at Lazard are keenly interested
in working with you in any way that we can in connection with the Bass Group's
offer.''

However, when Lazard was retained to advise the special committee of five
independent directors, according to testimony by at least one of the committee's
members, no one informed the committee of the extensive work previously done by
Lazard for management.

The judge also questioned Wasserstein Perella's advice to the board after the
Bass Group countered the restructuring proposal with a dual offer in which
Macmillan's shareholders had a choice of $73 a share or an alternative deal
identical to the company's own restructuring from the shareholders' perspective,
but with a larger cash payout than Macmillan had offered.

Wasserstein Parella defended Macmillan's restructuring on the ground that the
Bass alternative was a sale of control of the company, whereas management's
nearly identical proposal was not.

The judge wrote that the defendants never questioned how a sale of 39 percent of
the information company would constitute a change of control for the Basses, but
not for the managemenat group. ''That logic eludes the court,'' he wrote.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company
