
                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                           November 3, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Pumped up;
Galloway holding up his end for the Bucs' offense

BYLINE: By TOM BALOG tom.balog@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 675 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


Joey Galloway should be the finisher, the most dangerous threat to accentuate
the run-pass balance of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' offense.

Instead, the soon-to-be 34-year-old wide receiver who has overcome two knee
surgeries, is the only player the Bucs' wobbly offense has been able to count on
to score touchdowns of late.

The offense has gone into the tank since rookie running back Cadillac Williams
and quarterback Brian Griese got injured. There's little reason to expect the
touchdowns to start piling up with Chris Simms at quarterback feeling his way
around.

Galloway has scored Tampa Bay's only offensive touchdowns (one apiece) in the
Bucs' last two games. He didn't score a touchdown the week before in the loss to
the New York Jets, and neither did the Bucs.

The week before that, Galloway's 80-yard touchdown catch in the third quarter
was the go-ahead score in the Bucs' 17-13 win over the Detroit Lions.

In Week 3, Galloway scored both Bucs touchdowns in the 17-16 win over the
Packers in Green Bay.

"When you're looking for a spark, he's been about the only one in some of our
games," said cornerback Ronde Barber.

Since returning from last year's groin injury, Galloway has scored 11 touchdowns
in the past 12 games (including a punt return) and accumulated 1,064 receiving
yards.

Sunday's 78-yard catch-and-run touchdown was the latest example of Galloway on
his way to having a career season. Better perhaps than 1997 (72 catches for
1,049 yards and 12 receiving touchdowns), his third NFL season with Seattle.

"It could be, but I don't even know what a career season is for me right now,"
said Galloway, who turns 34 later this month. "I'm not going to talk numbers.
Really, I just want to talk wins."

Galloway gave Simms all the help he could in the 15-10 loss at San Francisco,
where he made his 500th career reception among eight catches for 149 yards.

"We've got to make more plays (to help Simms)," said Galloway, who ranks 19th
among active players with 506 career receptions. "I think every position needs
to play a little better than we did last week."

Galloway leads the Bucs with 39 receptions for 648 yards and his five touchdowns
are a team high.

The 11-year veteran leads the NFL with 301 receiving yards on third down and
ranks third with 16 third-down receptions.

"It's amazing," said second-year wide receiver Michael Clayton, who plays second
fiddle to Galloway. "When the guy is healthy, he's unstoppable."

Bucs head coach Jon Gruden only wonders how much better Galloway would be if he
had a quarterback who could get him the ball.

"He's an unbelievable football player, if you ask me. We've missed him several
times," Gruden said.

Galloway's touchdown celebration of flexing his biceps has become a trademark.

"I don't know where that came from, to be honest with you," Galloway said. "I
just did it one time and stuck with it."

That's because he spends more time on his conditioning to maintain his blazing
4.2-something speed.

"I work at it," Galloway said. "I don't talk numbers. I don't even know how old
I am."

Galloway said that in addition to his rigorous off-season conditioning, being
limited to one practice during two-a-day workouts in training camp this year has
helped preserve his body.

"I think that's the difference, to be honest with you," Galloway said.

Injuries

* RB Michael Pittman (shoulder, questionable)and LB Derrick Brooks (hamstring,
probable) were kept out of practice Wednesday, along with C John Wade (sprained
ankle, probable). S Dexter Jackson (hamstring) is doubtful.

* The team signed LB Wesly Mallard to its active roster to add depth at
linebacker. To make room, the team released FB Rick Razzano.

* Scott Jackson replaced Wade at practice, rather than right guard Sean Mahan,
who is the backup center.

'Tis better to receive

A look at the top Bucs receivers for 2005

Rec Yds Avg Lng TD 20+ 40+ FD

Joey Galloway 39 648 16.6 80 5 9 2 29

Michael Clayton 23 253 11.0 41 0 3 1 11

Michael Pittman 18 171 9.5 41 1 1 0 9

Alex Smith 16 136 8.5 24 2 2 0 8

Ike Hilliard 13 86 6.6 10 0 0 0 7

Mike Alstott 11 83 7.5 23 0 1 0 3

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 4
 STAFF PHOTO / SCOTT WHEELER, THE LEDGER Tampa Bay receiver Joey Galloway
strikes a pose after scoring a touchdown in the Bucs' win over Miami at Raymond
James Stadium in Tampa on Oct. 16. Galloway has flexed his bicep five times this
season. (Joey) Galloway (Michael) Clayton (Michael) Pittman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                           October 24, 2009 Saturday

Knights Can't Look Past Rice

BYLINE: By PATRICK ZIER, LEDGER CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SPORTS; UCF AT RICE; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 387 words


It is a game Central Florida can't lose - as in no way should Rice beat the
Knights today in Houston at 3:30 p.m., and no way can UCF afford a loss at Rice.

The Owls are 0-7 for the season, 0-3 in Conference-USA. They are scoring fewer
points than any team in the conference and giving up more than anybody else.
They rank 12th (out of 12) in total offense and 11th in total defense.

"They've been doing some good things on offense. They've had guys out," UCF
Coach George O'Leary said. O'Leary's Knights are 1-2 in the conference and 3-3
overall and hoping to salvage their season by getting to a bowl, any bowl.

Lose to Rice ... well, let's just say that's not part of the plan. After Rice,
the road gets tougher, and while UCF could survive a loss today and still wind
up .500 or better, which it has to do to make a bowl, a defeat would really
throw a monkey wrench into the gears.

If the Knights are going to get it done, they will depend on defense. UCF ranks
in the bottom half of the conference in scoring offense and only the Owls are
worse in total offense, while UCF is second to Tulsa in scoring defense and
third in total defense.

The inability to generate more offense, a major problem for the second year in a
row, is beginning to become worrisome. Despite a major shake-up on offense, the
attack has droned on at a lethargic level.

"We need our offense to have a good game and then go from there," O'Leary said.
"We need to do the right things, execute. We've been leaving our defense out
there too long."

As for the defense, this week UCF announced that defensive tackle Torrell Troup
has been selected to play in the East-West Shrine Game, which is moving from San
Francisco to Orlando. The game annually features lesser known players who are
considered to have pro potential by the NFL.

One thing UCF can't do is let the Miami loss affect its attitude toward Rice. At
this point, the Knights don't scare anybody, not even an 0-7 team. In fact, Rice
sees this game as an opportunity to end its losing streak.

While admitting that the Miami loss was "depressing," UCF receiver Rocky Ross
said the Knights can't afford to take Rice lightly.

"We can't look at it that way," Ross said. "That's why we have coaches and
seniors. They're a good team. They bring a lot of pressure with blitzes and that
gives us problems."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

             Copyright 2009 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             August 7, 2009, Friday

TWO-MINUTE Drill

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 367 words


Quote

"As a coaching staff, you've got to do what you know and what you believe in. We
believe in our system. The offense we're running now is not the same offense we
ran 20 years ago, and it's not the same offense we ran five or six years ago,
and there's going to be different variations in the next four or five years. You
constantly evolve and try to see what you can do to it.''

RICH RODRIGUEZ

Michigan coach

on the spread offense

Names in the games

Pitcher gets 30 days for beaning fan

A minor league pitcher in who threw a baseball that went into the stands and
injured a fan during an on-field melee in Dayton, Ohio, last year has been
sentenced to 30 days in jail and three years probation.

Julio Castillo could have been sentenced to as long eight years in prison.
Montgomery County Common Pleas Court Judge Connie Price said he had expressed
that he was sorry about hurting anyone.

The 22-year-old was pitching for the visiting Peoria Chiefs, a Chicago Cubs
affiliate, when the 10-minute brawl broke out last July during a game against
the Dayton Dragons. Castillo is now on the roster of the Boise Hawks, also a
Cubs affiliate, but has been benched pending the legal proceedings.

Holtz: 'I don't want to run for Congress'

Former Notre Dame football coach Lou Holtz told an Indiana television station he
doesn't plan to run for Congress.

"I'm working for ESPN. I don't want to run for Congress,'' Holtz told WNDU-TV of
South Bend on Wednesday at a golf outing in nearby Bridgman, Mich.

A GOP strategist said Tuesday that Holtz was considering running as a Republican
for the central Florida congressional seat held by Democrat Rep. Suzanne Kosmas.

Speedway to drop Lowe's name in 2010

Lowe's will not renew its naming rights of Lowe's Motor Speedway when its
contract expires after this season.

Lowe's cited changing marketing strategies Thursday as the reason it won't
return in 2010. The home improvement chain signed as sponsor of then-Charlotte
Motor Speedway in 1999 in the first major naming rights deal of a NASCAR track.

Lowe's will continue its primary sponsorship of three-time defending NASCAR
champion Jimmie Johnson.

Today's birthday

Edgar Renteria, 1975

14th-year veteran shortstop

-THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          September 13, 2007 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Red Report

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: C; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


A daily look at the Huskers during the '07 season

THREE & OUT

Third-down trials: With a meeting with No. 1 Southern Cal on the doorstep,
Husker coach Bill Callahan said his team displayed "a lot of energy" the last
two practices.

A fair amount of that energy has gone into trying to improve on third-down
situations.

After two games, the Huskers rank 10th in the Big 12 in third-down conversions
(33.3 percent).

The Huskers were 1-for-6 on plays of third-and-2 or less in Saturday's 20-17 win
at Wake Forest.

"The best thing you can do is sit down and put the film on and show exactly
what's happened in the past, show them what's happened last week and build on
it," Callahan said.

The coach said he has had his offense challenge his top defense more than usual
on third-down situations the past couple days.

Last year, Nebraska was 5-of-14 on third downs against the Trojans. USC was
9-of-15.

"It's going to be one of the deciding factors in this contest," Callahan said.
"A great third-down pass defense, pass offense, rush offense, is going to be
necessary, it's going to be crucial."

Out of the Wake: Wake Forest obviously hurt Nebraska last week with several
end-around plays, a staple in the Demon Deacons' rather unorthodox offense.

The Huskers this week will encounter a USC offense that is totally different
than Wake Forest's scheme, said NU cornerbacks coach Phil Elmassian.

"USC's a West Coast offense - exactly like us," he said.

The Trojans favor zone running plays, stretch plays and power runs. USC's
offense may be less complex than Nebraska's.

"They're more into seven-man (pass) protection," Elmassian said.

Elmassian shot down any notion that USC might feature less talent at the wideout
positions with the departure of Dwayne Jarrett and Steve Smith to the NFL.

For instance, "(Vidal) Hazelton's really a good player," Elmassian said.

324  BY THE NUMBERS: The average number of dollars a ticket for the Nebraska-USC
game is going for on StubHub, an online ticket-selling service. Tickets for last
year's Nebraska-USC game in Los Angeles sold on the site for an average of $175.
According to StubHub, it is currently the fifth-best-selling college football
game of the season, based on dollar volume.

The top four: Notre Dame at Penn State, USC at Notre Dame, USC at Cal, LSU at
Alabama.

SCOUTING REPORT

Center Brett Byford

Here's a fun assignment for senior center Brett Byford this Saturday. Go ahead
and block that All-America nose tackle over there.

Sedrick Ellis is his name. The 6-foot-1, 285-pound USC junior was named about
all-everything in 2006, notching eight tackles for losses and 4½ sacks.

Husker coach Bill Callahan respectfully calls Ellis "a load."

Of course, Callahan also thinks pretty well of his guy Byford.

Last year against USC, Byford made just his second start.

All things considered, Callahan said, "I thought he handled himself well."

Callahan said he's not only been pleased with Byford's play, but also the way
he's acted off the field as a team captain.

"He sets a good example," Callahan said. "He works hard. He's consistent.  He's
a smart guy, a tough guy, dependable. I can see why our team voted him captain."

Opponent watch: Missouri

The Tigers keep winning despite being woeful at stopping the run.

In Mizzou's 38-25 victory at Mississippi on Saturday, Rebels running back
BenJarvus Green-Ellis became the seventh player since the 2005 season to record
a career-best rushing total against the Tigers, according to the  Columbia Daily
Tribune.

Green-Ellis had 226 yards, and eight runs of 10 yards or more against the
Tigers.

"There's always something we're not doing that's helping a guy get 220 yards,"
nose tackle Lorenzo Williams told the Daily Tribune. "He's definitely a good
running back, but if we would have played our assignments better, it would have
been a different game."

- Brian Christopherson and Steven M. Sipple

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: color head photo of Brett Byford

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 03, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Wizards Are on Move With a New Offense

Steve Wyche, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 666 words



The trade that sent Chris Webber to Sacramento for Mitch Richmond and Otis
Thorpe last May has given the Washington Wizards' offense a very different look.

With Richmond, a jump-shooting guard, instead of Webber, a slam-dunking power
forward, the Wizards have retooled their offense to produce points from the
perimeter instead of force-feeding shots from inside.

"We adjusted our offense to fit the players that we have," said Wizards Coach
Bernie Bickerstaff, whose team will unveil its new look Friday against the
Indiana Pacers. "The only guy we had who could score from the outside last year
was Tracy [Murray]. We've got shooters on the floor now so we're doing things to
accommodate them."

Bickerstaff plans for his perimeter players, which in some offensive sets
include the small forward, to run their defenders through a maze of picks in the
lane and on the baseline to free themselves for open jump shots. Some players,
such as Richmond, small forward Calbert Cheaney and point guard Rod Strickland
-- if he can come to contract terms with the Wizards -- also will be set up to
beat their defenders off the dribble and create scoring opportunities for other
players or themselves.

The new scheme may mean fewer opportunities to score for Juwan Howard, who will
play power forward now that Webber is gone. Howard averaged 18.5 points last
season and took more than 15 shots a game.

"I've taken on the role of getting our [shooting guard] and [small forward]
open, as far as setting screens and things like that," Howard said. "Of course
I'd like to see more touches. I'd be lying to you if I didn't because I feel
like I can't be stopped inside. That's the confidence I have. But there are a
few plays that are directed toward me to get some buckets."

Even if Howard is not the first option, part of the new offense will incorporate
pick-and-roll plays in which he walls off the defender chasing a teammate on the
outside then slips inside to move toward the basket.

"It could enhance things for the inside players, too," Bickerstaff said.

However, little of the offense will be run through the Wizards' committee of
centers: Terry Davis, Jahidi White, Ben Wallace and Thorpe. The majority of
scoring from that position will come off rebounds or tip-ins.

For Richmond, the offense will be similar to what he was used to in Sacramento,
where he spent seven seasons and never averaged fewer than 21.9 points a game.

"I used to come off Corliss [Williamson] a lot and if I didn't have a shot I
would dump it off to him," Richmond said. "Now I'm doing that with Juwan. It's a
great design for guys like Cheaney, [Tim] Legler, Murray and myself because
we're good perimeter shooters."

The offense could vary depending on who is playing point guard. Chris Whitney,
who is starting while the Wizards are negotiating with Strickland and agent
David Falk, is not as adept at penetrating the lane as Strickland, so the other
players on the floor may be called upon to make more passes before a good shot
is available.

"If they're playing to stop me or another guy off of a screen, Rod can do his
thing because he's one of the best in the league moving in from around the free
throw line," Richmond said. "With me coming off a screen and getting the ball,
if they're on me I can kick it back to Whitney, who can nail the three."


Wizards Notes: The Wizards made their first cuts yesterday, releasing
forward-center Ivano Newbill and shooting guard Carl Thomas and reducing their
roster to 16.

The Wizards can add one more player. Teams can carry 14 players on the active
roster for the first two weeks of the season, with a maximum of three players on
the injured list. Center-forward Lorenzo Williams (sore feet), forward Etdrick
Bohannon (blisters) and guard Evric Gray (concussion) likely will start the
season on the injured list. . . .

Tickets remain for seats in nearly every section for Saturday's home opener
against Toronto.


LOAD-DATE: February 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

FBI report: Violent and property crime down;
Some community flare-ups defy statistics

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 306 words


Overall violent crime and property offenses declined slightly last year across
much of the country, continuing a downward trajectory even as some communities
battled disparate surges in violence, according to a new FBI report.

Robbery recorded the largest decline at 5.6%, and murder was down 0.5% in 2014,
but rape and aggravated assault ticked up 2.4% and 2%, respectively, the report
found. Property offenses dropped in each category: Burglary was down 10.5%,
larceny-theft declined by nearly 3% and vehicle thefts declined by 1.5%.

The FBI report comes as some cities confront troubling increases in violence,
prompting the Justice Department to call a meeting next month of law enforcement
authorities "to explore what measures are working," Deputy Attorney General
Sally Yates said Monday.

"We have witnessed a remarkable drop in crime since the 1980s, both violent
crime and crime overall," Yates said. "Entire cities have been transformed,
unlocking tremendous potential and releasing a wave of prosperity. But despite
these successes, we know it's not true everywhere. There are still neighborhoods
-- far too many neighborhoods -- where bloodshed has become a fact of life."

Yates' remarks in Detroit came while announcing an expansion of the federal
Violence Reduction Network to include five more cities where violent crime has
increased at a rate above the national average: Compton, Calif.; Flint, Mich.;
Little Rock; West Memphis, Ark.; and Newark. The program, launched last year in
Camden, N.J.; Wilmington, Del.; Detroit; Chicago; and the Oakland-Richmond,
Calif., area, provides communities with access to federal law enforcement
resources to assist local agencies.

In Flint,  where homicide is up nearly 70% this year, Police Chief James W.
Tolbert said the violence is commonly related to domestic abuse, drugs and
robbery.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Scott Olson, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            March 26, 2005, Saturday

BRITON FACES DEPORTATION AFTER ASSAULT

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 132 words


A British student is likely to be deported from the United States after being
sentenced to ten-years probation for attempted sexual assault, his lawyer said.

Aaron Percival, 20, considered an outstanding American football player, was also
ordered to register as a levelone sex offender at a sentence hearing in
Manhattan.

The political science student at Columbia University, New York was accused of
sexually abusing a female student in her dorm.

But he admitted to the lesser offence of attempted aggravated sex abuse in
exchange for ten years probation in a deal that opens the way for deportation.
Londonborn Percival, who has lived in Florida since he was three, was arrested
last May and charged with two counts of sexual abuse in an alleged assault eight
months earlier

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             August 8, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Syracuse banks on slimmed-down QB;
Orange coming off worst season ever

BYLINE: By Ethan Ramsey - NEWS SPORTS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE: SYRACUSE


After his offense ranked 115th among the 117 Division I teams last season,
Syracuse University football coach Greg Robinson fielded the obvious question at
the school's annual media day Monday.

Will the offense have a different look under new coordinator Brian White?

Robinson shook his head no.

Uh oh.

Coming off a 1-10 season, the worst in Syracuse's 117-year football history,
Robinson hopes the execution of the West Coast offense dramatically improves in
his second year at the helm.

The offense appeared completely lost at times in an agonizing year for Orange
fans.

Robinson brought in Denver Broncos tight end coach Brian Pariani last season to
install the pro-style offense laden with passing at a university known for great
running backs (Jim Brown, Ernie Davis, Joe Morris). Even its most famous
quarterback, Donovan McNabb, scrambled often.

With Pariani fired, center stage at better execution must be senior quarterback
Perry Patterson, who admitted feeling overwhelmed last season. He looked jittery
in the pocket and overthrew his targets, especially in embarrassing home losses
to Rutgers (31-9) and South Florida (27-0).

Step One toward improvement for Patterson meant dropping weight. The 6-foot-4
signal caller tipped the scales at 257 at one point last year. It's well known
Robinson has kept close tabs on Patterson since the end of last season, calling
him often to check up.

"If there's another person on this football team that has worked harder than
Perry Patterson to be the best he can be, I'd like to see who it is," Robinson
said.

The Orange also changed quarterbacks coaches, replacing a young Major Applewhite
-- the former Texas star who took the offensive coordinator position at Rice --
with well-traveled and little-known veteran Phil Earley.

While Robinson says fans will see no discernible difference in the formations
and play-calling, Patterson said the two new coaches have worked toward
internally simplifying matters for 2006.

"Way more comfortable," Patterson said Sunday on the eve of the opening of
practice. "Way more comfortable. Even when we started spring, I felt like I was
more comfortable going into spring.

"Just going over all the things with coach White and coach Earley with film and
things like that, I'm just getting more and more comfortable, so now I'm going
to start playing and thinking less."

Patterson and his teammates also may benefit from decreased expectations.
Robinson arrived to much fanfare last season, resulting in a boost in ticket
sales and bowl aspirations. SU was picked to finish last in the conference this
season at the Big East's annual media day in July.

"I just think that we got ahead of ourselves," Patterson said. "With all the new
changes, everybody was real excited. Coming off almost winning the Big East the
year before that, we were probably just thinking we are going to be much better
this year, and it just didn't happen that way."

An easier schedule will help in 2006. After a season in which SU traveled to
Florida State, Notre Dame and Louisville, only West Virginia should present a
tough challenge this year. There's road games against Illinois and Cincinnati
plus home contests against Miami (Ohio), Wyoming and Connecticut.

Robinson brushed off the last-place prediction, citing a pro football preseason
magazine that picked the Denver Broncos to finish last in the AFC West in 1997.
With Robinson as defensive coordinator, the Broncos upset the Green Bay Packers
to win Super Bowl XXXII.

"I can't really worry about all those things," Robinson said. "It's not where
you start. It's where you finish."

e-mail: eramsey@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Syracuse defensive backs ham it up during team photos
Monday. Top row, from left, are Reggie McCoy, Bruce Williams and A.J. Brown.
Bottom, from left, are Dowayne Davis, Tanard Jackson and Matt Reid.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 25, 2013 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Why Big 12 defenses aren't to blame ;
BIG 12 TEAMS CAN'T STOP EACH OTHER. THEY'VE DONE A BETTER JOB VS. THE SEC.

BYLINE: BERRY TRAMEL

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 557 words


Big 12 coaches like to say their dubious defensive numbers are the result of
playing against uptempo, high-caliber Big 12 offenses. But is that true?

"Some of the criticism is fair in that we haven't performed as well," said OU
coach Bob Stoops.

"Obviously, you look at the quarterbacks and the offenses, they have something
to do with that. I watched Texas A&M take a Big 12 offense and go through the
whole SEC schedule and end up third in the nation in total offense and scoring
offense. I don't know how that happened when they played all those great
defenses."

Actually, A&M's offense wasn't always explosive in the SEC. The Aggies scored 17
on Florida, 19 on LSU and didn't play Georgia or South Carolina. A&M made its
reputation by beating Alabama 29-24, made its statistical prowess against
outmanned opponents and made its fans giddy with a 41-13 trouncing of OU in the
Cotton Bowl.

-> Certainly OU's Cotton Bowl defense was dismal. A&M had 633 yards and 41
points.

"We played poorly on defense," Stoops said. "But the second half of the Cotton
Bowl, we had four straight possessions, three and out (punt) and a turnover. We
did nothing and handed them the football back in good field position."

Handed it back? Yes. Good field position No. The Aggies' second-half TD drives
covered 91, 89, 71 and 73 yards.

-> Texas' defense was solid against Alabama in the 2009 national title game.
Bama won 37-21, but the Crimson Tide had just 263 total yards.

Alabama scored one defensive touchdown and scored two late TDs after Texas
turnovers, on drives of three and 27 yards.

-> OU's defense against Florida in the 2008 national title game was solid, too.
The Gators, with a bevy of talent led by Tim Tebow and Percy Harvin, averaged
45.2 points a game but scored just 24 on the Sooners. The Gators totaled 480
yards, but OU had two takeaways to keep the game close.

-> In other Cotton Bowls, Big 12 defenses have played decently. Nebraska's 2006
team gave up just 17 points to Auburn, which had been averaging 25.4. Arkansas
scored just seven points on Missouri a year later. OSU gave up just 14 offensive
points to Ole Miss in the 2009 season Cotton Bowl. Kansas State hung tough with
Arkansas in the 2011 season Cotton Bowl, giving up 29 points to a team that was
averaging 37.4.

-> In regular-season games, Georgia scored just 14 points at Colorado in 2006
and 10 points at OSU in 2009, and Arkansas scored just 10 points at Texas in
2008. But Arkansas did light up A&M in three neutral-site games in Arlington,
scoring 47, 24 and 42 points.

Conclusion: Big 12 defenses haven't been the problem.

STRENGTH VS. STRENGTH

Using Football Outsiders' advanced statistics, the Big 12 provided seven of the
top 14 offenses in college football last season. The SEC provided four of the
top 13 defenses. Here are the top 15 offenses and top 15 defenses, with Big 12
offenses and SEC defenses in bold:

Rank   Offense   Defense  1.   Texas A&M  Alabama  2.   Baylor   Florida  3.
Oregon   TCU  4.   Louisiana Tech  Stanford  5.   Alabama   Michigan St.  6.
Oklahoma St.   Oregon  7.   Oklahoma  Notre Dame  8.   Clemson   S. Carolina  9.
West Virginia  BYU  10.   Arizona   Florida St.  11.   Texas   Rutgers  12.
Georgia   Kansas St.  13.   Kansas St.  LSU  14.   Texas Tech  Oregon St.  15.
Tennessee  Virginia Tech

Compiled by Berry Tramel


LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE OKLAHOMAN FOOTBALL PREVIEW 2013

GRAPHIC: Oklahoma's Adrian Taylor, left, hits Florida's Tim Tebow at the line of
scrimmage during the first half of BCS Championship on Jan. 8, 2009. Tebow and
the Gators scored only 24 points in their victory over the Sooners, which was
far below their scoring average for the season. PHOTO BY BRYAN TERRY, THE
OKLAHOMAN ARCHIVES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 18, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Despite Rumblings, Brown Isn't Looking Over Shoulder

BYLINE: By MIKE FREEMAN

SECTION: Section B;  Page 12;  Column 5;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Oct. 17


Does Giants quarterback Dave Brown hear footsteps?

He says no and contends that the mini-raucousness caused by Coach Dan Reeves's
announcement this week that Danny Kanell is now the backup to Brown and Stan
White was demoted to No. 3 -- leading to legitimate speculation that Brown's
days are numbered as a starter if the offense continues to struggle -- is just
the news media blowing the situation out of proportion.

"I mean, obviously Stan is one of my best friends on the team," Brown said. "I
know it hurts him, but it has no bearing on me right now other than it affects
Stan."

Does Brown think the situation will have a bearing on him if the offense
continues to struggle?

"No," he said. "I think you all want to make a story out of it when there is no
story to be made."

Brown certainly has not played well this season, but he does seem to get an
inordinate amount of blame from fans, the news media and the coaching staff for
an offense that is extremely conservative with questionable play-calling, an
offensive line that has blocked very poorly and an offense that has no running
game.

The Giants are ranked last in the league in several categories: passing yards a
game, percentage of times sacked per pass attempt, first downs a game,
third-down efficiency and points a game.

Brown has been sacked a National Football League-leading 26 times. Not even
Roger Staubach could improve an offense that is this inept.

The relationship between Brown and Reeves is not a good one, and that, of
course, plays into the speculation that Brown could eventually be benched. But
Brown doesn't buy into the talk.

"I think there's being a lot more made of this than maybe there should be,"
Brown said.

Sometimes it takes an outside opinion to figure out what is wrong with a team or
an aspect of that team or even its key players, like the quarterback.

Some of the people who may know the Giants the best are the opposing coaches who
prepare and study for them.

Philadelphia Coach Ray Rhodes analyzed the Giants thoroughly while preparing to
play them last week, and Rhodes thinks he knows why the offense is so
restrictive.

"I know what they're doing," Rhodes said recently when asked his thoughts on the
Giants' offense. "They're taking the ball out of the quarterback's hands.
Sometimes you have to do that. They feel like they're going to play good enough
defense and well enough on special teams to get the job done. They're saying:
'Let's keep this thing tight. Let's stay in the game.' "

And that's exactly what happened in the Eagles game, which the Giants lost by
19-10.

The offense was extremely restrictive and the Giants' defense and special teams
almost won the game by themselves. The offense will have to play much better on
Sunday against the host Washington Redskins (5-1).

Does Rhodes, who feels the Giants' offense is limited because of the struggles
of a young offensive line, think Brown will have difficulty keeping a positive
attitude despite the offense being so conservative?

"It's not a problem if the quarterback knows that these are the things you have
to do this year to win," Rhodes said. "What you have to look at, also, are all
the elements that are involved.

"The offensive line is relatively young. You've got a second-year guy at left
tackle. Why put the quarterback and everybody else there in trouble as far as
some of the things you're trying to do in the run game and the passing game and
everything else?"

And what does Rhodes think of Reeves? "I've got a lot of respect for Dan
Reeves," he said. "He's a straight-up guy. He's got a lot of things going on.
He's a good coach."

EXTRA POINTS

The base salaries MICHAEL STRAHAN will receive in the coming years are $1.35
million, $1.9 million, $2.7 million and $2.7 million. There are no workout
clauses in the deal as the Giants had originally wanted and the Giants now have
about $1.1 million left under the cap for this year. By the way, the Giants
completed the details of the contract. . . . The bone chip in the ankle of KEITH
ELIAS will keep him from playing this week and he will be questionable for next
week. . . . Safety TITO WOOTEN, who had a hairline fracture in his leg last
month, will be back in the starting lineup this week, replacing PERCY ELLSWORTH.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                          September 12, 2009 Saturday

Knights Face Key Test;
UCF offense looks to get going against the C-USA favorite.

BYLINE: By PATRICK ZIER, LEDGER CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SPORTS; central florida at southern miss, 7 p.m.; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 411 words


ORLANDO | Like most college coaches, Central Florida's George O'Leary is a
one-at-a-time kind of guy; you know, the game you're playing this week is the
most important game you play.

But if he was backed into a corner, even O'Leary might admit he had an eye on
today's game at Southern Mississippi while getting his team ready for Samford
last week.

This could be the most important game UCF plays. Not just this week, this
season.

Southern Miss has long been a traditional power in the South, the best team
among those a notch below the SEC. So it is no surprise that the Golden Eagles
are favored to win Conference USA by many.

If UCF is to reach its goal of winning the conference, beating Southern Miss
when the two play tonight at 7 o'clock in Hattiesburg, Miss., would be the right
way to start.

The Knights could survive a loss here, but it would mean they absolutely have to
win at East Carolina, another C-USA East Division power, in two weeks and
probably take the rest of their conference games as well, because it is unlikely
both Southern Miss and East Carolina will lose twice in the league.

Despite his one-at-a-time talk, O'Leary is no dummy.

Clearly, he understands what's at stake today. And while the Knights did not
look good struggling to a 28-24 win over Samford, the vanilla offense UCF used
in that game is not the UCF offense Southern Miss will see.

At least O'Leary hopes not.

"We're going to have to spread the ball around more, go vertical," O'Leary said.
"We played pretty close to the vest against Samford. We've got a lot more in the
offense this week."

The Knights will need it. Southern Miss is relentless on the attack, preferring
a no-huddle offense that keeps constant pressure on the opposing defense.

"We have to be sure everybody knows his job," said Torrell Troup, who is
expected to be one of the best defensive linemen in C-USA and a possible high
NFL draft pick. "We have to be quick to the ball and play up tempo. This is one
of the teams that's usually at the top of the conference every year."

In running back Damion Fletcher, sophomore quarterback Austin Davis and soph
receiver DeAndre Brown, the Golden Eagles have three of the best playmakers in
C-USA although Brown is recovering from an injury suffered in Southern
Mississippi's bowl game and did not play last week.

There is more uncertainty about the UCF offense, which is young and
inexperienced and still needs to define itself. And that needs to happen
quickly.

Like tonight.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UCF QURTERBCK ROB CLBRESE,left, tries to avoid a tackle attempt by
Samford defensive lineman Jason Gaine last Saturday in Orlando. The Knights
offense will face an even tougher challenge today against Southern Miss, which
is favored to win the Conference-US title by many.
PHELAN M. EBENHACK , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

             Copyright 2009 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 13, 2012 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

Hansen fights for place in show

BYLINE: Jeff Legwold

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 760 words


It took four years, but for one glorious week former Colorado quarterback Tyler
Hansen finally found a comfort zone in an 11-player huddle. In Tampa, Fla., of
all places.

For all of the ups and downs during his Buffs career, he left his work week at
the East-West Game last month with the hope his future could still have the NFL
in it.

"It was funny, enough that I almost had to keep myself from laughing out loud,"
Hansen said. "I step in the huddle on the first day of practice on a team where
I didn't know most of the guys and we had never played together and I'm just
spewing it all out. I knew all the reads, all the adjustments, it was a really
awesome feeling, just to be locked in like that.

"The other quarterbacks on the team -- Dan Persa from Northwestern and Chandler
Harnish from Northern Illinois -- were like, 'What's up with these play calls?
How do you know all this already?' I finally had to tell them it was the same
offense I just ran for a year. But it was so cool."

It was an offense that gave Hansen, who may not have always gotten to show what
he could do with the Buffs, the chance to offer up some of his best work as he
prepares for April's NFL draft. That's because former Minnesota Vikings head
coach Brad Childress was calling the shots for the West team for which Hansen
played.

And it was Childress' Vikings offense that Colorado offensive coordinator Eric
Bieniemy brought with him from Minnesota to Boulder. Childress, who interviewed
for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' head coaching job last month, was just hired by
the Cleveland Browns to run a version of the offense there.

Hansen, who is working out not far from the Broncos' Dove Valley complex as he
prepares for the draft, is hoping his work in Childress' offense is a
springboard to bigger things.

"I thought I really helped my stock," Hansen said. "But I'm not trying to
impress all 32 teams, just one team. I need to impress one team. That's what I
keep telling myself. It's been nice. Talking to teams, they seem really
interested in hearing my story. They know there have been a lot of ups and downs
with injuries, redshirt, nonredshirt. It's been a crazy ride.

"Some people are like, 'Wow, it's been a rough ride for you.' It's kind of fun
to go out there and kind of sell yourself."

As a pro prospect, the first battle Hansen has to fight is the one he can do the
least about. He measured in at 6-foot- 1/2 and weighed 222 pounds when East-West
practices opened, which is not the frame many teams are looking for in their
passers.

But scouts said Hansen showed a better-than-expected arm in his workouts,
pointing to more possibilities for him to improve his standing when the Buffs
hold their pro timing day March 8, the week after the scouting combine. Hansen
did not get one of the coveted invitations to Indianapolis for the combine. He
hopes the fact the Buffs' pro day falls so early in the month will give him more
time to meet with potential suitors leading up to the draft.

"I was hoping for a combine invite, but didn't get one, so all my focus now is
on March 8," Hansen said. "Whenever you get a chance to work out for teams, you
just want them to say, 'Wow, that guy can sling it a little bit,' and then hope
for the best."

Some of the 15 teams that formally interviewed Hansen in Tampa said he has been
given plenty of consideration for the way he handled the roller coaster that was
his career at CU, especially losing the opportunity at two separate redshirt
seasons when he was called on to replace Cody Hawkins at midseason. Because of
Hansen's ruptured spleen in 2010, to go with former coach Dan Hawkins' juggling
of Cody and Hansen, this past season was Hansen's only year in which he started
more than eight games.

He had 2,883 yards passing to go with 20 touchdowns and 11 interceptions. At the
East-West Shrine Game, he directed four drives and the West scored on three of
those possessions.

"I think people have an open mind when they look at it," Hansen said. "I tried
to stay positive through it all; I think I did for the most part. It was tough.
Maybe some other guys would have handled some things differently, but I think I
handled myself the right way and did it with class, and hopefully teams will
look at that and take it for what it's worth.

"But all that stuff, that baggage, that's gone, that's in the past. I loved my
time at CU, my teammates. Things didn't always go the way I'd hoped, but I took
away a lot of good things. In terms of football, I still think I have some
really good football left in me."

Jeff Legwold: jlegwold@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andy Cross, The Denver Post
Andy Cross, The Denver Post

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 15, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LOUISVILLE DOTES ON ITS SPEEDY, GREEDY OFFENSE

BYLINE: By JORGE MILIAN Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 688 words

DATELINE: CORAL GABLES


Through the first two weeks of the college football season, Louisville leads the
nation in scoring average at 60.5 points per game.

That's nearly as many points as the University of Miami averaged last season --
the UM basketball team, that is.

Since Bobby Petrino took over as Louisville's coach in 2003, the Cardinals have
been scoring points at the rate of a teen at a pinball machine.

"Our goal as an offense every year is to be No. 1 in total offense and No. 1 in
scoring," said Louisville quarterback Brian Brohm, the 2005 Big East offensive
player of the year. "We treat every game like we need to score 50, 60 points."

It's rare when No. 12 Louisville, which hosts the No. 17 Hurricanes on Saturday,
doesn't reach those benchmarks.

Check out these numbers:

* Since Petrino took over the program in 2003, Louisville has scored 40 or more
points in 24 of 39 games (61.5 percent). The Cardinals have scored 50 or more
points 14 times.

* During Petrino's tenure, Louisville has generated 500 yards or more of total
offense in 22 games. The Cardinals have had more than 600 yards five times and
set a school record with 779 yards against Houston in 2003. All 10 of
Louisville's top offensive performances have come with Petrino.

* In 2004, the Cardinals led the nation in scoring (49.8 ppg). Last season, they
were third (43.4 ppg).

* In their past 10 regular-season games, the Cardinals have averaged 57.2
points.

"It's all Petrino," said former Louisville quarterback Chris Redman, who played
for the Cardinals in 1998 when Petrino was serving as offensive coordinator for
John L. Smith. "He calls every play. He's not a whistle-twirler like some
coaches are."

Petrino, 45, has been working magic with offenses since he got his first job in
1985 as offensive coordinator at Carroll College, an NAIA school and his alma
mater. In his two seasons at Carroll, Petrino produced the NAIA's top-ranked
offense.

After stints at several schools, Smith hired Petrino to direct Louisville's
offense in 1998. The Cardinals were first in Division I-A that season in scoring
and total offense.

"He can look at a defense and see holes and weaknesses," said Redman, who played
with the NFL's Baltimore and New England.

After serving three seasons on Tom Coughlin's staff with the Jacksonville
Jaguars and spending the 2002 season as offensive coordinator at Auburn, Petrino
replaced Smith at Louisville in 2003.

Since then, the Cardinals have been scoring points -- and winning. Petrino has
gone 31-8 in three-plus seasons, including an 11-1 finish and No. 7 ranking in
the 2004 Associated Press poll. He led the Cardinals to a Conference USA
championship in 2004 and a second-place finish in the Big East last season
behind West Virginia.

"Petrino does a good job of coaching what he has," said John Congemi, a
television analyst for Big East games. "There's going to be 10, 12, 15 teams
that have the same talent, but it's what you do with that talent."

Petrino doesn't resort to a gimmicky offense that crumbles against a stout
defense. Last season, the Cardinals rushed 472 times and threw 376 passes. In
2004, they ran 534 times and attempted 359 passes while leading the nation in
scoring and total offense.

This season, Petrino's crew has 98 rushes and 67 passes thrown.

"That's a little bit of a misconception," UM coach Larry Coker said. "You think
of them with Brohm as a throw-every-down, big-spread team. No, they're a pretty
balanced team."

Whatever Louisville and Petrino are doing, it's working.

"It's like going against Peyton Manning or somebody like that," said Louisville
middle linebacker Nate Harris. "Our offense -- anytime, any day -- can score
however many points they want to score."

~jorge_milian@pbpost.com

Petrino power

Louisville's offense has flourished on Bobby Petrino's watch:
NCAA...Total...NCAA
Year.....Pts.......Rank...off.....Rank
2003.....34.6..... 15.....488.8...5
2004.....49.8.......1.....539.0...1
2005.....43.4.......3.....482.1...9
2006.....60.5.......1.....651.0...1
<NEWLINE>2003.....34.6.....
15.....488.8...5
2004.....49.8.......1.....539.0...1
2005.....43.4.......3.....482.1...9
2006.....60.5.......1.....651.0...1<NEWLINE
>

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  No. 17 Miami at No. 12 Louisville 3:30 p.m. Saturday, ABC Info box at
end of text.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 ANDY LYONS/Getty Images file photo UM's Larry Coker says Louisville's passing
game and QB Brian Brohm (left) fool opponents into thinking the Cardinals have a
one-dimensional offense. 'No, they're a pretty balanced team,' Coker said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Illinois Man Charged with Child Exploitation Offenses

LENGTH: 408  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
Matthew J. Etre, Special Agent in Charge of Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI) in Boston, and Chief Vincent DeMaio of the Clinton Police Department,
announced that a federal grand jury in Bridgeport returned an indictment today
charging ARTURO CASTRO, 52, of Wilmette, Illinois, with multiple child
exploitation offenses.



 As alleged in court documents and statements made in court, in approximately
December 2013, CASTRO began communicating with a 15-year-old female in
Connecticut through "Chess with Friends," and online app.  Using the app's chat
option, CASTRO asked the minor victim to send him naked photographs of herself,
and subsequently enticed the minor victim to create videos depicting the minor
victim engaged in sexually explicit conduct and send those videos to CASTRO.  In
March 2014, CASTRO traveled from Illinois to Connecticut and engaged in illicit
sexual activity with the minor victim.

 The indictment charges CASTRO with one count of coercion and enticement of a
minor to engage in sexual activity, an offense that carries a mandatory minimum
term of imprisonment of 10 years and a maximum term of imprisonment of life; one
count of travel in interstate commerce with intent to engage in illicit sexual
activity with a minor, an offense that carries a maximum term of imprisonment of
30 years; and one count of receipt of child pornography, an offense that carries
a mandatory minimum term of imprisonment of five years and a maximum term of
imprisonment of 20 years.

 CASTRO was arrested on December 13, 2016, in Wilmette, Illinois.  In a
detention hearing earlier today in U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois, in Chicago, CASTRO was detained pending trial and ordered removed
to the District of Connecticut.

 U.S. Attorney Daly stressed that an indictment is not evidence of guilt.
Charges are only allegations, and a defendant is presumed innocent unless and
until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

 This matter is being investigated by Homeland Security Investigations in New
Haven and Chicago, and the Clinton (Conn.) Police Department.  The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jacabed Rodriguez-Coss.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Illinois Man Charged with Child Exploitation Offenses

LENGTH: 408  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
Matthew J. Etre, Special Agent in Charge of Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI) in Boston, and Chief Vincent DeMaio of the Clinton Police Department,
announced that a federal grand jury in Bridgeport returned an indictment today
charging ARTURO CASTRO, 52, of Wilmette, Illinois, with multiple child
exploitation offenses.



 As alleged in court documents and statements made in court, in approximately
December 2013, CASTRO began communicating with a 15-year-old female in
Connecticut through "Chess with Friends," and online app.  Using the app's chat
option, CASTRO asked the minor victim to send him naked photographs of herself,
and subsequently enticed the minor victim to create videos depicting the minor
victim engaged in sexually explicit conduct and send those videos to CASTRO.  In
March 2014, CASTRO traveled from Illinois to Connecticut and engaged in illicit
sexual activity with the minor victim.

 The indictment charges CASTRO with one count of coercion and enticement of a
minor to engage in sexual activity, an offense that carries a mandatory minimum
term of imprisonment of 10 years and a maximum term of imprisonment of life; one
count of travel in interstate commerce with intent to engage in illicit sexual
activity with a minor, an offense that carries a maximum term of imprisonment of
30 years; and one count of receipt of child pornography, an offense that carries
a mandatory minimum term of imprisonment of five years and a maximum term of
imprisonment of 20 years.

 CASTRO was arrested on December 13, 2016, in Wilmette, Illinois.  In a
detention hearing earlier today in U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois, in Chicago, CASTRO was detained pending trial and ordered removed
to the District of Connecticut.

 U.S. Attorney Daly stressed that an indictment is not evidence of guilt.
Charges are only allegations, and a defendant is presumed innocent unless and
until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

 This matter is being investigated by Homeland Security Investigations in New
Haven and Chicago, and the Clinton (Conn.) Police Department.  The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jacabed Rodriguez-Coss.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 18, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Dungy, Fired by the Bucs, Was Inspired by His Faith

BYLINE:  By THOMAS GEORGE

SECTION: Section 8; Column 3; Sports Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1417 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 12


He watched Super Bowl XXXVII as many Americans did, at a Super Bowl party at a
friend's home, this one in Tampa with 35 people attending, "where some came for
the food, some came for the football and others just came to mingle," he said.

But unlike any other American, Tony Dungy followed that game disappointed that
he was not coaching in it and remembering fond times with the Tampa Bay
Buccaneers, whom he had coached for six seasons. The Bucs won that championship
last January without him. He had been fired as their coach the January before.

In the days preceding his firing, his mother died, his Bucs lost in the playoffs
at Philadelphia and he had been left twisting in confusion over his status.
After finally being pushed from the Bucs' plank, Dungy remembers his drive home.

It was a time for faith.

"I got in the car and immediately began trying to figure out what I was going to
do," Dungy said. "I do believe as a Christian that nothing happens arbitrarily.
Maybe the Lord was directing me somewhere else, and I wasn't sure it was going
to be football. I knew as an African-American coach that it was possible I might
not get another chance quickly; I thought of Art Shell and how he didn't get
hired again right away. In a couple of days when the phone did start ringing a
couple of times, it was gratifying."

One of those calls came from Jim Irsay, the Colts' owner. Because of him, Dungy
remained unemployed only eight days.

Dungy became the Colts' coach and led them to the playoffs last season. This
season he has taken them deeper, to the American Football Conference
championship game against New England on Sunday afternoon in Gillette Stadium in
Foxboro, Mass. The winner snatches a trip to Super Bowl XXXVIII on Feb. 1 in
Houston. Dungy could achieve in two seasons with the Colts what he could not in
six with the Bucs.

He was fired, in part, because he could not fix the Bucs' offense. He moved to a
team that basically had only offense.

A town and a team have blended with a coach and his new wrinkles to push the
Colts this close to the Super Bowl. Dungy, the defensive whiz, is winning with
offense and with quarterback Peyton Manning's spectacular postseason play. This
son of two teachers who grew up in Jackson, Mich., who played quarterback at the
University of Minnesota, played three years in the N.F.L. as a defensive back
and coached 15 years in the league as an assistant, has modified his approach to
accentuate what his team has (offense) and disguise what it does not (defense).

For Dungy, it has been like hopping off a camel onto a cheetah.

"I think some of the players here even thought that I wanted to come in and dump
all of the offensive players, trade them off and get defensive guys," Dungy
said, laughing. "I didn't see it that way at all. What I saw was an offense that
could score, explode, run the no-huddle but at the risk of three interceptions
and two fumbles and that was O.K. as long as it scored 35 points. I thought we
could be sound and aggressive and mistake-free and do even more. All the while,
we would try to build the defense to be fast and formidable.

"Now, when I get in games and it's 37-17 with a quarter to play, yeah, that's
different for me. That still takes some adjusting. But basically, this is the
way I looked at it when I took the job: This offense is like Niagara Falls. You
want to give me the job of keeping the water running and you're going to pay me
for that? I can do it."

And adapt along the way and coach offense the way he does defense. Bucs
linebacker Derrick Brooks knows about the latter.

"When I look at Indianapolis I see that Coach Dungy has grown a lot as a coach,
that he's been through a lot, that he was hurt with the way he was let go here
but went there and had that offense take on his personality in the way our
defense took on his personality," Brooks said. "The Indianapolis offense
basically keeps their plays simple, executes and doesn't make mistakes. They
want to line up and outexecute you and outman you. That's what we did on
defense.

"You can't be around Coach Dungy for any time and not take on some of his
personality. He is a man of faith. When we went out for our first game without
him, one of our guys stopped us beforehand and said, 'What about the prayer?'
That's something we always did with Coach. We stopped and did it then. He leaves
marks with people that last. He's going to the Super Bowl. It's his time."

Dungy's regular-season record is 76-52 and includes a payback 38-35 victory at
Tampa Bay on Oct. 6. His Colts lost by 41-0 to the Jets in last year's playoffs
but beat the Jets, 38-31, on Nov. 16.

He has made the playoffs in six of his eight seasons as a head coach. His
playoff record is 4-5. This is his second conference championship game: he lost
the 1999 National Football Conference title game when St. Louis beat Tampa Bay,
11-6.

"Coach Dungy is humble and smiling, but at the same time, you know he's about
his business," said Colts defensive back David Macklin, a fourth-year pro. "He
wants us to let it loose, just use your talent. Have fun, but when you're on the
field you're on your job. Take it seriously. Don't take a day for granted.
Cherish each day in the N.F.L. and enjoy the moment. At the same time, know that
tomorrow is not promised. He has a lot of impact on me, personally, how I should
live, how I should treat this game and how I should respect this game."

Dungy's coaching mentor is Chuck Noll, the coach he played for at Pittsburgh and
who won four Super Bowl championships with the Steelers. Dungy said it was
during his stay in 1977 and 1978 as a player in Pittsburgh that he became a man
of faith.

"My grandfather was a minister and I had two uncles who were ministers but it
was when I went to Pittsburgh and changed positions from quarterback to
defensive back, an undrafted guy trying to make it at a position where the team
already had stars, that I was exposed to some players who had a strong belief,"
Dungy said. "These guys were different from the guys I had been hanging around.
And I found that pro football had such highs and lows, that you could be close
to a Super Bowl or no job, that you can make the Pro Bowl but lose everything as
a player on one play if injured, that I had to have help to make it."

What about the mix of faith and football, he was asked. Some of his peers have
said that he unrealistically wants all his players and assistant coaches to be
Christians although football is a game that requires a few nasty, dirty dogs.

"That is not true," Dungy said. "I strike a balance. But I do expect my players
and coaches to be a certain way, to be professional and disciplined. When it
comes to Sharpies and cellphones used in celebrations, we won't have that. It
doesn't help you win. And by the way, I've been around some Christians who were
nasty, dirty dogs on the football field who you never wanted to mess with."

Dan Rooney, the Pittsburgh owner, said that not everyone in the league may have
deep respect for Dungy but that those who truly know him do.

"There appears to be a big difference in this Indianapolis team since Tony Dungy
went there and I think it's trust," Rooney said. "Players know what he is
telling them is true and he means what he says. He does it without the yelling
and screaming, but it works. He tells his players to do what they can, do what
they do. He plays to his strengths. He says it like it is. He has brought them
more stability."

Dungy said that he has sessions with Manning where Manning gives him his read on
an offensive play and Dungy tells him how defenses are likely to respond.
Manning's approach to his job is much like Dungy's was as a quarterback. Dungy
enjoys the fact that Manning relishes having control to change plays at the line
of scrimmage. Dungy calls Manning "a sponge."

A husband and father of five children, Dungy knows what it would mean
historically to become the first black coach to reach a Super Bowl. He also
knows that the Patriots will not easily crumble.

"They've been there and done it, been in big games and won them," Dungy said.
"But we beat Tennessee when they hadn't lost a divisional game at their home. We
just beat Kansas City when they had won 13 straight at home. We're 8-1 on the
road. We've got to beat a team now that has a lot of confidence in close games.
It's going to be a cat-and-mouse game."

One in frigid cold where more than once he will deliver this message to his
players: Just keep the faith, in themselves and their Super Bowl dream.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: In his dance before the ball is snapped, quarterback Peyton
Manning combines the aesthetic with the utilitarian. A critical appraisal of his
choreography, Page 7. (Photo by Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           October 29, 2009 Thursday

ACC POWER POLL

SECTION: Pg. C-5

LENGTH: 176 words


The Times-Union's Garry Smits ranks the 12 Atlantic Coast Conference football
teams, including their momentum:

1. GEORGIA TECH

The Yellow Jackets take a week off from ACC to play at Vanderbilt.

2. VIRGINIA TECH

The Hokies' defense must be salivating to get after North Carolina's anemic
offense.

3. CLEMSON

When the Tigers' defense had a rare off-day, the offense finally responded.

4. MIAMI

UM fans now booking Atlanta or Jacksonville for the holidays.

5. BOSTON COLLEGE

Running game gets stuffed against better defenses.

6. FLORIDA STATE

The Seminoles finally win a fourth quarter.

7. DUKE

The Blue Devils have already matched 2008 victory total.

8. NORTH CAROLINA

The Tar Heels' offense is getting overmatched.

9. N.C. STATE

Wolfpack's defense has given up 131 points in past three games.

10. WAKE FOREST

In the first six games, the offense averaged 29.3 points. In the past two games,
6.5.

11. VIRGINIA

The Cavaliers lead the ACC in pass defense but are getting mowed down by the
run.

12. MARYLAND

Nice double dip there: Last in the ACC in scoring offense and scoring defense.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            November 23, 2007 Friday

UW's last chance to show off offense

BYLINE: Robert Gagliardi

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 781 words


By Robert Gagliardi

rgagliardi@wyomingnews.com

LARAMIE - Tim Bond is mad.

The University of Wyoming junior center is mad that the Cowboys are 5-6, have
lost three straight, five of their last six and will not play in a bowl game for
the third straight season.

He's mad that UW's offense is ranked last in the Mountain West Conference in
scoring (18.6 points per game), total offense (322.3 yards per game) and
turnover margin (-12).

"If (the offensive line) doesn't play well we don't win, it's as simple as
that," he said. "It's time to come out and show everybody that we are a good
offense. Everybody's been bagging on us - the media, our fans - saying we are a
horrible offense and that we need to fire (offensive coordinator Bill) Cockhill.

"All of that pisses us off and we're sick of it. We want to come out and show
everybody we're a good offense, even though we haven't been playing that way
lately."

Today is UW's last chance this season as it plays Border War rival Colorado
State (2-9, 1-6) at noon at Hughes Stadium in Fort Collins.

It's been tough to find many positives from UW's offensive play the last two and
a half games. During that time it has scored one touchdown and 13 points. During
their three-game slide the Pokes have not surpassed the 300-yard mark in total
offense.

But UW should have the services of its leading rusher - junior Devin Moore - for
the entire game after he saw limited time in last week's loss to Brigham Young
with a knee injury.

And sophomore quarterback Karsten Sween thinks he and the offense is ready to
break out if he has time to throw the ball.

"The line knows if they give me enough time I'm going to pick a defense apart,"
he said. "Everyone's got to do their job. I would love to put 30-plus points on
the board. That would be nice."

The Cowboys face a CSU defense that has allowed the fourth-most touchdowns in
the MWC (31) and is one of only two teams (San Diego State) to allow more than
400 yards per game of total offense.

See UW, page B2

Even though CSU has only one win over a Football Bowl Subdivision team this
season, it has played well enough to win several other games - just not well
enough through an entire game.

"We've been consistently inconsistent," senior defensive end Jesse Nading said.
"We will play well for three quarters on defense, and then allow 20 points in a
quarter. Or, the offense plays well for three quarters and then blows up."

Sonny Lubick is in his 15th season as coach at CSU, and his offense has always
been based on a strong run game and play-action passes.

The pieces are there this season as junior running backs Gartrell Johnson and
Kyle Bell have combined for 1,515 yards and nine touchdowns, and senior
quarterback Caleb Hanie is the league's most efficient passer.

The Rams are third in the league in total offense (377.2 ypg).

"I think any team you play you have to try and hold the run game from getting
away from you," UW coach Joe Glenn said. "We've got to find a way to shut the
run down and hang in there in the passing game."

UW's defense was ranked in the top 10 nationally two weeks ago, but Utah and BYU
rolled up 85 points and 1,002 yards on the Cowboys the last two weeks. BYU
torched UW with 362 passing yards, and freshman running back Harvey Unga became
only the second back to rush for more than 100 yards against the Pokes.

A key for the defense today is to get a pass rush on Hanie, and CSU has allowed
the most sacks in the conference (33).

Both squads have endured disappointing seasons, but there's nothing like a
rivalry to serve as motivation.

This will be the 99th game between the two schools. UW has 27 players from
Colorado on its roster, and 23 did not receive a scholarship offer from CSU.

And like in most long-standing rivalries, there is a trophy at stake - the
Bronze Boot.

It's enough to even get Lubick excited.

"When I see that Cowboys' uniform, that's all it takes to fire me up," he said.

Moore, one of UW's team captains, never lacks confidence in his team. This game
is no different.

"We can't do anything but win," he said.

Injury report

Senior linebacker Brandon Haugen (knee) will play.

Junior tight end Chris Sundberg (knee) and senior linebacker Luke Chase (leg)
are out.

Weather forecast

It will be sunny, but cold throughout the game as temperatures will be in the
low to mid-30s. Winds will be light at four miles per hour and there is a 10
percent chance of precipitation.

Series status

UW trails 53-40, and there have been five ties.

Since the Bronze Boot was introduced in 1968, the Cowboys have a 20-19
advantage.

The Pokes are 19-31-1 in games played in Fort Collins, and have lost four
straight.

UW has not won back-to-back games in the series since the 1991-92 seasons.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GREGORY HOENIG/WTEUniversity of Wyoming quarterback Karsten Sween looks
to pass as Utah state defender Alan Bishop closes in their game earlier this
season. Today against archrival Colorado State is UW's last chance to show what
kind offense it really has.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 27, 2006 Thursday

Woodson opts for Packers' situation;
Favre and the chance to play offense lure the former Raiders cornerback to Green
Bay

BYLINE: TIMES WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 598 words

nfl notes

The Green Bay Packers landed the big fish quarterback Brett Favre has been
urging them to sign all offseason.

The Packers and veteran cornerback Charles Woodson agreed to terms on a
seven-year, $52.7 million contract -- including $10.5 million in the first year
of the deal -- his agent, Carl Poston, said Wednesday.

Woodson, a four-time Pro Bowl player who twice was the Raiders' franchise
player, chose the Packers over Tampa Bay.

The Packers have Favre to thank in part for Woodson choosing Green Bay. But it's
not the only reason. According to Poston, Woodson picked the Packers because
coach Mike McCarthy agreed to let him play on offense, as well as play
cornerback.

"The fact that Brett committed to another year, that was one thing Charles was
interested in,"' Poston said. "Another point is that they agreed to let Charles
play offense as well as defense."

Woodson, the 1997 Heisman Trophy winner, played on both sides of the ball at
Michigan and saw occasional action on offense during his first few seasons with
the Raiders after being taken with the No. 4 pick in the draft in 1998. He
caught one pass for 19 yards in 1999 and one pass for 8 yards in 2000 before
then-coach Jon Gruden put an end to his offensive escapades.

According to Poston, the Buccaneers -- coached by Gruden -- weren't interested
in allowing him to play on offense and wanted him to play safety.

Last year, the Raiders played Woodson at numerous defensive back positions. He
had 30 tackles and one interception before suffering a season-ending broken
right leg in the sixth game against Buffalo. The Raiders declined to use their
franchise tag on Woodson in February, making him an unrestricted free agent.

Over his eight-year NFL career, he has 17 interceptions, 51/2 sacks and 14
forced fumbles.

-- Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

The Packers signed free-agent defensive tackle Kenderick Allen, who had 21
tackles and two sacks for the New York Giants in 2005.

-- Associated Press

Texans: Houston will take USC running back Reggie Bush or North Carolina State
defensive end Mario Williams with the first pick in Saturday's draft, general
manager Charley Casserly said. "Right now we have nobody interested in that
first pick, so we have gone ahead and begun negotiations with two players," he
said. The Texans dashed the hopes of Texas fans who have been clamoring for the
team to pick Vince Young, a Houston native who led the Longhorns to the 2005
national title. "We came to the conclusion that to draft a quarterback, whether
it be Vince Young, Matt Leinart or Jay Cutler, was not the best thing for this
football team," Casserly said.

-- Associated Press

Vikings: Minnesota released suspended running back Onterrio Smith, who,
according to a report in the St. Paul Pioneer Press, has been informed by the
league that he won't be reinstated in June. Smith was suspended for a year for
violating the NFL's substance abuse policy last year and missed the 2005 season.
He must apply for reinstatement, and commissioner Paul Tagliabue reportedly is
not prepared to allow him to return. "We've decided to terminate Onterrio
Smith's contract ahead of the draft," coach Brad Childress said. "We wish him
well."

-- Washington Post and Associated Press

Steelers: Pittsburgh re-signed safety Mike Logan, who was released in March for
salary cap reasons.

-- espn.com

Etc.: Deion Sanders and the Austin Wranglers said the former Pro Bowl cornerback
has joined the ownership group of the Arena Football League team. Sanders, 38,
wouldn't detail what his role will be but joked he could put on his pads again.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Defense takes step in right direction

BYLINE: By Bob LeGere rlegere@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 801 words


The most encouraging development for Bears fans sprinting to reboard the playoff
bandwagon late Sunday was the performance of the defense.

It's the defense that will determine if this team improves on last year's 8-8
finish.

The offense was highly productive a year ago, and it will move the ball and put
up plenty of points again. But finishing above .500 depends on the defense
improving and, at least occasionally, sharing the load.

The supposedly new-and-improved "D" failed to show up in the season opener, but
there were indications in Week 2 that this group is capable of making the
nightmarish 2013 defense a distant memory.

Against San Francisco, the defense did at least as much as the offense to win
the game. Without rookie cornerback Kyle Fuller's 2 interceptions and the
field-position the defense provided, Jay Cutler likely doesn't have the
opportunity to toss 4 touchdown passes.

When was the last time an offense scored 28 points with just 216 yards of total
offense, as the Bears did Sunday? The only time in the past 14 games that the
Bears' offense generated fewer than 300 total yards, it scored just 11 points in
a 43-point loss to the Philadelphia Eagles in Week 16 last season.

Against the 49ers, the Bears forced 4 turnovers; last season the defense managed
that just once. The most notable general improvement was in the most basic of
defensive skills.

"Defensively, it all starts with tackling. I thought our tackling was excellent
overall against a very good running football team," coach Marc Trestman said.
"Our guys ran to the ball (and) gang-tackled."

The standout individual performances came from players, such as linebacker Lance
Briggs, who will be counted on the most as the season plays out.

The turnovers were created by players who must contribute for there to be any
improvement. The original plan was for Fuller to be a part-time starter as a
rookie. He would play as the third corner in all passing situations and be
groomed as a full-time starter in 2015.

But Charles Tillman's season-ending ruptured triceps means the learning curve
will be sharply accelerated for the 22-year-old. If Sunday was any indication,
the first-round pick is a quick study and could minimize the damage caused by
the loss of a team leader and cornerstone of the defense.

The other pick came from oft-maligned free safety Chris Conte, who now has an
interception in three straight games, something even his most vocal critics must
concede is an impressive accomplishment.

The hope is that the shoulder injury that knocked Conte out for the second half
is a minor one. If not, the Bears have to be encouraged by rookie safety Brock
Vereen's ability to play the nickelback spot in the second half Sunday after
Tillman and backup cornerback Sherrick McManis went out with injuries.

The fourth turnover came when defensive end Jared Allen stuck his helmet on the
ball, knocking it loose from Colin Kaepernick. It was the first impact play from
Allen, whose reputation as a difference maker gave the off-season improvement
plan instant credibility.

Two of the Bears' 4 sacks Sunday came from Willie Young, another off-season
defensive-end acquisition. Despite not starting, Young has 3 of the team's 5
sacks through two games. He originally was penciled in as a starter (with
free-agent Lamarr Houston) when he was signed, but when Allen was added Young
became the third D-end.

After getting 1 sack on just 17 snaps in the opener, Young was rewarded with
almost 40 snaps in Week 2 and doubled his sack output with the first multisack
game of his career.

"We're getting to a place where we think we're going to have a pretty good
rotation with the three guys," Trestman said. "(That) is not only going to allow
them to have their legs as the season progresses, but they can have a little
opportunity to rest during the course of a game.

"Longevity for our players, as well as being able to utilize their strengths, I
think that's a good thing."

And a defense with a bite is a good thing for a Bears team looking to get over
the hump.

* Tight end Blake Annen, cornerback Jordan Sullen and wide receiver Chris
Williams were signed to the practice squad Wednesday.

The 6-foot-4, 247-pound Annen entered the NFL as an undrafted free agent with
the Philadelphia Eagles this year out of Cincinnati. The 6-foot, 200-pound
Sullen originally signed as an undrafted free agent with the Denver Broncos this
year out of Tulane.

Williams rejoins the Bears after being waived on Monday. He appeared in his
first NFL game Sunday night. The Bears signed him off the New Orleans Saints'
practice squad during the final week of the 2013 season. In the preseason
Williams had 4 receptions for 94 yards, including a 73-yard touchdown and also
returned 3 kickoffs for 81 yards.

* Follow Bob's Bears and NFL reports on Twitter@BobLeGere.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Niners quarterback Colin Kaepernick is tackled by
defensive end Lamarr Houston (99), cornerback Tim Jennings (26) and safety Ryan
Mundy (21) in Sunday night's Bears victory. San Francisco 49ers quarterback
Colin Kaepernick (7) is tackled by Chicago Bears defensive end Lamarr Houston
(99), cornerback Tim Jennings (26) and free safety Ryan Mundy (21) during the
first quarter of an NFL football game in Santa Clara, Calif., Sunday, Sept. 14,
2014. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar) Associated Press Niners quarterback Colin
Kaepernick is tackled by defensive end Lamarr Houston (99), cornerback Tim
Jennings (26) and safety Ryan Mundy (21) in Sunday night's Bears victory.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 3, 2000, Saturday, Home Edition

Georgia clay taking after Sahara sand;
 Drier than dust: Parts of Peach State approaching desertlike conditions, with
rest headed that way.;
 METRO WATER RESTRICTIONS

BYLINE: Maurice Tamman, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 443 words

Unless there is substantial rainfall, the soil in parts of Georgia could be
nearly as dry as the Sahara Desert by September.

In most of the state, the ground is drier now than it usually is at the end of
the summer, said Bob Farris, associate chief with the Georgia Forestry
Commission in Macon.

And we're moving into a four-month period when heat and thirsty plants cause the
soil to lose more water than it gains in rain, he said.

"You can dig in the ground now, but you better have a pickax because it is
hard," said National Weather Service hydrologist Gary Butler.

The Georgia drought began in May 1998, about the time unusually cool waters
developed off the Pacific Ocean, Butler said.

Known as La Nina, the cooling waters changed atmospheric conditions, forcing the
nation's winter storm track north. That resulted in drier conditions in the
Southeast, state climatologist David Stooksbury said.

In the summer and fall, the phenomenon also encouraged tropical storms to
develop.

The result has been a rainfall deficit of 21.65 inches during the past 18
months.

"We depend on the cool season for the rains to recharge the soils," Stooksbury
said. Because of La Nina, "during the last winter, we didn't get a large
recharge."

The extent of the drought can be measured using the Keetch-Byrum Drought Index,
which tracks moisture in the top 8 inches of soil.

The Georgia Forestry Commission uses the index to help it predict wildfires.

Zero on the index's scale means swamplike conditions and 800 means desertlike
conditions.

Typically, the state's index is about 400 in June and increases to 510 in
September, Farris said.

On Friday, only the far northwest corner of the state was in the normal range.
The Atlanta area's index already is well over 500 and parts of Middle Georgia
and South Georgia are approaching 700, only 100 away from the range for the
Sahara.

If the dry weather continues, moisture in the soil will approach a desertlike
level over the summer.

"We can count on it going up even more," Farris said. "That's the natural thing
it does in the summer."

In the short term, Stooksbury said, the best hope for relief will come from a
tropical storm.

The likelihood of a tropical storm forming this month, however, is relatively
low. Even in active seasons, as experts expect this year to be, many years don't
see a storm develop until July or August.

"Plus, tropical storms also bring a whole host of other problems," Stooksbury
said. "But there is an old saying that it takes a flood to break a drought, and
if there is going to be relief in the summertime, then that is probably what
will happen."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Last chance: James Cavanaugh of Randy's Lawncare hoses down a lawn on Lamont
Drive in Decatur after a treatment. Starting Monday, such daylight watering will
be outlawed. / RENEE HANNANS / Staff
Photo
Cherokee County was one of the first jurisdictions in metro Atlanta to restrict
watering this spring. Authorities hope tighter rules will conserve water that
flows through facilities such as the Cherokee County Water Treatment Plant
(above). / FRANK NIEMEIR / Staff
Graphic
PENALTIES AND ENFORCEMENT BY ATLANTA, METRO COUNTIES
Penalties and enforcement of metro Atlanta's watering restrictions vary from
county to county, and in the city:

CITY OF ATLANTA
Daily usage: 126 million gallons. Service area includes parts of Fulton County
south of the Chattahoochee River.
Penalties: First offense, warnings; subsequent offenses, water shut off, $ 300
to restore it to single- family home, $ 1,000 for multi-family complexes.
Enforcement: United Water Service inspectors

BARTOW COUNTY
Daily usage: 7 million gallons
 Penalties: First offense, warning; second offense, water shut off, $ 50 fine to
restore it; third offense, water shut off, $ 100; fourth offense, water shut off
until restrictions are lifted, $ 300.
Enforcement: Six meter readers and nine work crew members will incorporate it
into regular duties.

CHEROKEE COUNTY
Daily usage: 13 million gallons
Penalties: First offense, warning; second offense, $ 50 fine; third offense, $
100 fine; fourth offense, water cut off, $ 150 to restore it.
Enforcement: Up to eight patrols

CLAYTON COUNTY
Daily usage: 31 million gallons
Penalties: First offense, verbal warning; second offense, written warning; third
offense, fine up to $ 500 and up to six months in jail, fourth offense, water is
cut off.
 Enforcement: County employees will keep a lookout; two off-duty police officers
on standby. Daily assessment to see if cooperation of police department
required.

COBB COUNTY
Daily usage: 122 million gallons
 Penalties: First offense, warning; second offense, $ 500 fine.
Enforcement: Water department field workers, county police

COWETA COUNTY
Daily usage: 7 million gallons
Penalties: To be discussed Monday
Enforcement: Undetermined

DEKALB COUNTY
Daily usage: 95 million gallons
Penalties: First offense, warning; second offense, water shut off, customer must
pay $ 70 to restore it, possible court summons; third offense, meter removed,
customer must pay $ 70 to restore it, possible court summons. If summoned to
Recorders Court, maximum punishment is $ 1,000 and 30 days in jail.
 Enforcement: Water and sewer inspectors will be on the lookout, even on
weekends. If the number of violators is high, police will get involved.

 DOUGLAS COUNTY
Daily usage:13.3 million gallons
Penalties: Warnings, but fines and disconnection could ultimately result.
Enforcement: Water employees

FAYETTE COUNTY
Daily usage: 8 million gallons by county customers; 1.7 million by city of
Fayetteville users.
Penalties: Undetermined
Enforcement: Fayette County Marshal's Office; Fayetteville meter readers and
water crews.

FORSYTH COUNTY
Daily usage: 8 million gallons
Penalties: First offense, warning; second offense, $ 100 fine; third offense,
disconnection of service, $ 100 fine and a reconnection fee.
 Enforcement: Forsyth County Sheriff's Department

FULTON COUNTY
Daily usage: 36 million gallons. Fulton serves customers north of the
Chattahoochee River, including Alpharetta and Roswell.
Penalties: Fines of up to $ 500 and termination of water service.
Enforcement: Fulton County police and code enforcement officers.

GWINNETT COUNTY
Daily usage: 109 million gallons
 Penalties: First offense, warning; subsequent offenses, fines up to $ 500 and
60 days in jail. Service may be stopped.
Enforcement: Respond to complaints and call violators

HALL COUNTY
Daily usage: 20 million gallons
Penalties: Fines range from $ 20 to $ 540 depending on volume of user and
history with them;
typically a warning will be issued first. Service may be stopped.
 Enforcement: About five county personnel will monitor; also, meter readers will
be on the lookout.

HENRY COUNTY
Daily usage: 18 million gallons
 Penalties: Warnings for first offenses. Fines for repeated offenses can range
up to $ 500 and 60 days in jail.
Enforcement: Henry County police, code enforcement officers

PAULDING COUNTY
Daily usage: 5.8 million gallons
 Penalties: First offense, warning; second offense, $ 50 fine; third offense; $
100 fine, water disconnected, $ 100 to restore it.
Enforcement: Four marshals

ROCKDALE COUNTY
Daily usage: 9 million gallons, exceeded 12 million gallons once in May.
Penalties: First offense, warning; subsequent offenses require appearance before
a magistrate, county is requesting $ 150 minimum fine.
Enforcement: About a dozen water department workers

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 28, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

UB searching for a steady QB;
Willy gets his shot for the Bulls

BYLINE: By Rodney McKissic - NEWS SPORTS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 757 words


The formula to win in the Mid-American Conference is simple: While a strong
running game, defense and special teams are fine, you need a steady quarterback.
Jim Hofher has yet to find one for the University at Buffalo.

At this point, in his fifth season as coach, Hofher wouldn't mind finding
someone as dependable as Joe Freedy, who by no means was a star but played
better than everyone who followed.

Quarterback quandary. Quarterback dilemma. Call it whatever you like at UB.

Freshman Drew Willy, who will be the starter Saturday at Western Michigan, will
with any luck turn into the comforting alternative to the others who have played
since Freedy graduated after the 2001 season.

The Bulls hope he will play better than Randall Secky and P.J. Piskorik, who
shared starts for two seasons, or Chris Moore, Stewart Sampsel and the rest of
the provisional caretakers.

"Anybody in coaching would like to be able to find one," Hofher said. "If you
can find and develop one, often times it can lead to a second. Part of it is
what you do and what you have and a lot of it is supporting cast."

Since 2002, UB quarterbacks have thrown for 5,292 yards, 24 touchdowns and 37
interceptions while completing 48.5 percent of their passes. The yardage is just
550 more than what Texas Tech quarterback Sonny Cumbie, the national leader,
threw in 2004, and the touchdowns are nine fewer than USC Heisman Trophy winner
Matt Leinart's total from last season.

The Bulls haven't ranked higher than 89th nationally in passing offense, 112th
in total offense and 108th in scoring offense. UB currently is 114th in passing
offense, 116th in total offense and 117th in scoring offense. The Bulls haven't
scored a touchdown in their last four games dating to last season and haven't
thrown a touchdown pass since Nov. 6 against Kent State, a stretch of five
games. During the last 15 games, UB's quarterbacks have thrown 11 touchdowns.

What's puzzling is Hofher's background has a heavy emphasis on quarterback
development. He's been a quarterback coach at Miami (Ohio), Tennessee, North
Carolina and Syracuse, where he tutored such names as Ronald Curry, Oscar
Davenport and Andy Kelly. He started at quarterback for Cornell from 1976-78
under George Seifert for one season and Bob Blackman for two.

But Hofher has learned that nothing is more difficult than unearthing a nugget
at quarterback, much less developing him into a serviceable player.

Since Hofher became coach in late 2000, he's made a play for Omar Jacobs, who
signed with Bowling Green, UNLV's Jarrod Jackson and Williamsville North's Dan
Gronkowski, who is playing tight end at Maryland.

Others signed with UB and left the program. Mike Radon transferred after saying
he didn't want to be part of a two-quarterback system. Piskorik and Datwan
Hemingway were academic casualties. Radon, whose last play at UB was a touchdown
pass, would have likely started the past two seasons. Sampsel, who struggled
through the first two starts of his career this season, showed promise in the
third two weeks ago against Rutgers before he was slammed to the turf and broke
his collarbone. He's likely out for the season. Moore has been hindered by
shoulder problems.

While Freedy will never be confused with Ben Roethlisberger or Byron Leftwich,
he was functional in comparison to the players who have followed. In his senior
season in 2001, Hofher's first season in the program, Freedy was 187 of 371 for
2,077 yards, 10 touchdowns and 15 interceptions, and the Bulls went 3-8, their
best record in Division I-A. No one has equaled Freedy's numbers over the last
three seasons, and the Bulls are 4-34 since 2001.

It would be unfair to base the record solely on the quarterback. For example, UB
hasn't had a game-breaking receiver since Andre Forde in 2002, and the defense
was among the nation's worst in '02 and '03.

"You have to have people around him, too," Hofher said. "The best UB's had
around has been Drew (Haddad). . . . I'm not going to say, 'Geez this is exactly
how I expected it,' or how frustrating or disappointing it is. It is what it
is."

Perhaps the run of interim quarterbacks stops with Willy. He considered
Syracuse, Illinois and Pittsburgh before coaching changes forced him to look
elsewhere and he landed at UB. Willy is arguably the best quarterback the staff
has ever signed.

"Time will tell if he's the most capable of any of the young guys who have come
through," Hofher said.

They don't need Willy to play like Roethlisberger or Leftwich, just a little
like Freedy.

e-mail: rmckissic@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            August 21, 2012, Tuesday

WVU must get familiar with more than a map

BYLINE: Mike Casazza

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 1316 words


MORGANTOWN - By now what we know of the Big 12 is that it's going to offer West
Virginia a variety of reminders that it is no longer in the Big East.

There's the trouble in getting to Lubbock, Texas, and Texas Tech, a location so
remote that it's actually five hours west of Dallas. Know what's five hours East
of Dallas? Vicksburg, Miss. All of Louisiana is between it and Dallas.

If the University of Texas wasn't enough, there's the heat on an autumn
afternoon in Austin, and then a while later the chance of snow in Ames, Iowa,
for the tricky trip to Iowa State. There's fervent fan support of even middling
teams like Kansas State and the threat of an inspired fan base like the one at
TCU, which has never sold tickets like it has this summer.

Everyone warns about the style of play and how you'll find more touchdowns in
the Big 12 than at Hartsfield-Jackson. Nobody plays faster than Oklahoma. No
offense is as craftily designed as Oklahoma State's. No one makes use of the
length and the width of the field quite like Baylor and no one knows what to
expect from Kansas, except that it will feature the best of Charlie Weis'
experiences with the New England Patriots and Kansas City Chiefs as well as
Notre Dame and Florida.

It's been hard to see exactly what this will look like, to put a picture to the
words and explain just how different life will be and how much offenses will
challenge defense when the Mountaineers begin the experience Sept. 29 at home
against Baylor.

Until now. Joe DeForest was hired as WVU's defensive coordinator after 11 years
at Oklahoma State and has the best background to illustrate what awaits. He also
has the best visual to describe the way his players will be tested.

"Teams are going to run vertical routes three times in a row and just run their
offense and put another receiver in there that's fresh," DeForest said. "They're
going to try to gas your guys as much as possible and then put their best
receiver on your tired guy and throw at him again."

To review, an offense, and to hear DeForest tell it, any offense, will put a few
receivers on the field and have them run deep routes a few times in a row. The
ball may never go deep, but the cornerback has to cover, which creates a
separate set of problems underneath that coverage.

Still, when everyone is jogging back to the line of scrimmage for the third or
fourth snap in the sequence, the receivers will run off the field and new ones,
sometimes better ones, will jog onto the field. They'll then run a deep route
and, ideally, get past a wheezing cornerback.

It sounds diabolical. It is all that and more.

"It's definitely on purpose," DeForest said, "and it's smart."

How does one defend against that? You could ask DeForest, but why not seek help
from one of the people responsible for popularizing this tactic in the Big 12?

"You don't," WVU Coach Dana Holgorsen said. "You just have to deal with it."

Holgorsen was on the Texas Tech staff that thought the idea was equal parts
silly and sensible. The Red Raiders thought about it and finally did it. They
found it worked and kept doing it. The Mountaineers would like to do it more
than they have, provided they have the necessary depth at receiver. Figure
Washington State will seek the same circumstances under Holgorsen's old boss,
Mike Leach.

The play just exists as something a defense can merely guard and not guard
against. The receivers are going to run deep routes, though perhaps cornerbacks
can jam them at the line of scrimmage. Say the routes manage to go deep into the
secondary a few plays in a row. Maybe the defense can swap in new cornerbacks

"Can't sub," Holgorsen said. "Then teams go tempo."

That's the clever counter the offenses have built into the problematic plan. The
receivers try to exhaust the cornerbacks to the point they need a break. When
the offense sees the defense seeking relief, the offense decides to hurry up and
snap the ball, which makes it impossible to substitute.

"It's a lot easier to tell a receiver to run deep a few times in a row,"
DeForest said. "It can be a guy who's just a guy and you don't have to throw him
the ball. But we have to cover him.

"Say we can roll in new corners and say your second guy falls down. Then it's
wide open and it's a touchdown. Defenses don't have the ability to play a second
string like the offense. That's why depth is so important now."

With rare exceptions granted for the truly elite defenses, the difference
between the starter and his backup is greater on defense than it is on offense.
Teams play multiple running backs. They start three or four receivers and play
three or four others. Those same teams would sell their goalposts for third and
fourth cornerbacks that were as capable as the third and fourth receivers.

Maybe senior Cecil Level and sophomore Avery Williams have significant roles as
the likely second-team cornerbacks. Perhaps freshmen Nana Kyeremeh and Ricky
Rumph have a duty to join that conversation. The keys remain the starters,
senior Pat Miller and junior Brodrick Jenkins, neither who has earned or held a
starting spot for an entire season.

Neither has seen what they're about to see.

"It's a tough life as a defensive player in general, but for a cornerback in
particular in the Big 12," cornerbacks coach and Texas graduate Daron Roberts
said. "People want to throw the ball and they want to wear your secondary
players out and take shots down the field.

"You have to be very deep at the cornerback position because it's so hard to run
down the field 40 yards two plays in a row and stay in for the third, but your
top guys have to be strong physically and mentally to deal with it."

West Virginia 2012 depth chart

Current depth chart for the Mountaineers. The season opener is noon, Sept. 1
against Marshall at Mountaineer Field.

OFFENSE
Pos.   No. Name                   Ht.  Wt.
WR (X) 3   Stedman Bailey         5-10 193 Jr.
       19  K.J. Myers             6-2  201 RFr.
IR (H) 81  J.D. Woods             6-1  189 Sr.
       10  Jordan Thompson        5-7  159 Fr.
LT     67  Quinton Spain          6-5  335 So.
       79  Nick Kindler           6-6  298 Jr.
LG     77  Josh Jenkins           6-4  291 Sr.
       70  Brandon Jackson        6-3  326 RFr.
C      74  Joe Madsen             6-4  310 Sr.
       60  John Bassler           6-4  308 Sr.
RG     57  Jeff Braun             6-4  321 Sr.
       73  Russell Haugton-James  6-5  316 RFr.
RT     76  Pat Eger               6-6  301 Jr.
       62  Curtis Feigt           6-7  316 Jr.
       78  Marquis Lucas          6-4  317 RFr.
IR (Y) 1   Tavon Austin           5-9  174 Sr.
       82  Dante Campbell         6-4  215 RFr.
       88  Cody Clay              6-3  251 RFr.
WR (Z) 80  Ryan Nehlen            6-3  205 Sr.
       5   Ivan McCartney         6-2  182 Jr.
QB     12  Geno Smith             6-3  214 Sr.
       14  Paul Millard           6-2  221 So.
       7   Ford Childress         6-5  224 Fr.
RB (A) 32  Ryan Clarke            6-0  231 Sr.
       42  Donovan Miles          6-1  241 Sr.
RB (B) 20  Shawne Alston          5-11 235 Sr.
       13  Andrew Buie            5-9  187 So.
       29  Dustin Garrison (Inj.) 5-9  166 So.

DEFENSE
Pos. No. Name                  Ht.  Wt.
DT   98  Will Clarke           6-6  269 Jr.
     91  J.B. Lageman          6-3  272 Sr.
     93  Kyle Rose             6-4  270 RFr.
NT   99  Jorge Wright          6-2  289 Sr.
     94  Imarjaye Albury       6-0  292 Fr.
     90  Shaq Rowell           6-4  300 Jr.
DE   53  Tyler Anderson        6-2  244 Jr.
     59  Chidoziem Ezemma      6-2  221 Jr.
     92  Trevor Demko          6-6  256 So.
BUCK 56  Jewone Snow (inj.)    6-1  245 So.
     17  Josh Francis          6-1  221 Sr.
STAR 28  Terence Garvin (inj.) 6-3  223 Sr.
     37  Wes Tonkery           6-2  214 So.
     36  Shaq Petteway         6-0  222 So.
WILL 33  Jared Barber          6-0  230 So.
     35  Nick Kwiatkoski       6-2  226 RFr.
     50  Taige Redman          6-1  228 Jr.
SAM  47  Doug Rigg             6-0  242 Jr.
     31  Isaiah Bruce          6-1  226 RFr.
     49  Troy Gloster          5-11 230 So.
FCB  23  Brodrick Jenkins      5-10 184 Jr.
     15  Lawrence Smith        5-9  182 Sr.
     20  Cecil Level           5-10 186 Sr.
FS   26  Travis Bell           6-2  201 Jr.
     46  Matt Moro             6-0  192 Sr.
     34  Ishmael Banks         6-0  184 So.
BS   25  Darwin Cook           5-11 204 Jr.
     18  Karl Joseph           5-10 196 Fr.
     34  William Marable       6-0  198 Sr.
BCB  6   Pat Miller (inj.)     5-10 191 Sr.
     22  Avery Williams        5-11 181 So.
     16  Terrell Chestnut      5-11 185 RFr.
     19  Anthony Vecchio       5-9  182 So.

Contact sportswriter Mike Casazza at mikec@dailymail.com or 304-319-1142. His
blog is at blogs.dailymail.com/wvu.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 2, 2009 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Count on it, defense has the advantage;
BIG 12 VS. SEC;
HIGH, LOW-SCORING TREND DEVELOPS

BYLINE: Berry Tramel, btramel@opubco.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Berry Tramel; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 762 words


Oklahoma State-Georgia five weeks from yesterday at Boone Pickens Stadium offers
a rich college football culture clash.

Midwest vs. Deep South. Upstart vs. old power. Orange vs. red.

None match the duel of offense vs. defense. Southeastern Conference has the
defense; Big 12 has the offense.

That's the college football stereotype as we near the end of the first decade of
the 21st century.

Trite. But true.

There are exceptions, but SEC teams do indeed play better defense. The Big 12
does indeed produce better offense. And on the biggest stage, defense wins.

The SEC has won three straight national titles and four of the last six. Two of
those SEC championships came at the expense of Oklahoma, which despite
juggernaut offenses and Heisman Trophy-winning quarterbacks lost 21-14 to LSU
and 24-14 to Florida.

The SEC has not otherwise dominated the Big 12. The SEC leads the Big 12 15-13
this decade in head-to-head matchups, and that's with the SEC yet to return
games on the back end of home-and-home series (OSU-Georgia, Colorado-Georgia,
Kansas State-Auburn).

Here's what's interesting. Divide those games into high-scoring and low-scoring,
and a clear trend develops.

In low-scoring games against the SEC, the Big 12 is 2-7. Cotton Bowl finals like
Alabama 13, Texas Tech 10 and Auburn 17, Nebraska 14.

But in high-scoring games against the SEC, the Big 12 is 7-4. Independence Bowl
scores like OSU 34, Alabama 31 and Missouri 38, South Carolina 31.

Big 12/SEC matchups have become like basketball, with tempo and style of play
important, whereby you could project who might win given the total number of
points scored.

Big 12 coaches are slow to admit the trend, though OU's Bob Stoops said, "There
could be something to that. They could overall have better defensive personnel."

I don't think there's any question about that. There's also little doubt that
the Big 12 has had superior offenses. While SEC schools like Tennessee, Alabama
and Arkansas have struggled to find productive quarterbacks, the Big 12 has
mushroomed with big-time playmakers. Kansas State's Josh Freeman was a
first-round draft pick by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers last spring, the NFL's No. 17
overall selection, yet was not considered among the upper half of the Big 12's
quarterbacks.

"I know sometimes people pick on the defenses in our league because there's so
many offensive numbers," said Colorado coach Dan Hawkins. "But I just think it's
because of the great talent that's in our league, and then obviously spreading
people out. It's very difficult to defend."

That's a position Stoops claims, too.

"Look at the quality of quarterbacks, the skill level," Stoops said. "It's
easier to play better defense when you're not playing against great
quarterbacks. When that guy behind the center isn't special, it's always a
little easier."

Truth is, Big 12 defenses probably are underrated. Same as SEC offenses. OU's
defense in the Big Bowl against Florida last January was a prime example; the
Sooner D played well enough to win.

Kansas State coach Bill Snyder returns to the league after a three-year hiatus.
He says the Big 12 has changed since he's been gone.

"Emphasis has certainly changed," Snyder said. "We're sitting in the capital of
change in regards to offensive football."

Mike Leach's spread passing. OSU's hurry-up offense. The shotgun option, maybe
not invented by Texas but certainly perfected and popularized by the Longhorns,
courtesy of Vince Young. The Big 12 has been among the leaders of college
football innovation this decade.

But SEC defenses, not Big 12 offenses, reign in college football. And it really
comes down to two games, those OU-LSU and OU-Florida showdowns.

Had the Sooners found a little more offense, had they not stalled on that late
drive in the Superdome and had they not been twice turned away at the Florida
goal line, check out how the conference landscape might differ.

The Big 12 would have four national titles this decade and the SEC two, instead
of vice versa. The Big 12 would lead the SEC 15-13 in head-to-head matchups.
Offense would rule the sport.

But reputations and status and titles are determined by a few solitary games.
LSU's defense stymied Jason White's rally. Florida turned back Sam Bradford's
Sooners.

Those were hard-won and well-earned victories, which allow the SEC to rightfully
claim that its defenses have made it the best conference in college football.

Berry Tramel: 405-760-8080; Berry Tramel can be heard Monday through Friday from
4:40-5:20 p.m. on The Sports Animal radio network, including AM-640 and FM-98.1.


LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                          November 14, 2007 Wednesday

Ravens notes: Defense carrying the Ravens once again

BYLINE: AARON WILSON; Landmark News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 789  words


OWINGS MILLS - The Baltimore Ravens' vaunted defense is all alone again, the
only sentries guarding a fading football team from falling into complete
oblivion.

Without the blue-collar work of the NFL's fifth-ranked defense, last year's
division champions could be in an even worse predicament than this undesirable
crossroads.

With Baltimore (4-5) mired in a three-game losing streak, winless in four
division contests and ranked third in the AFC North, this rapid descent has a
stagnant offense's name written all over it.

Now, the defense is being counted on to preserve any remaining competitiveness
for an aging team that set a franchise record with last year's 13-3 campaign.
It's not hard to imagine where this team might be without a defense that has
held opponents to one touchdown or less in four games.

"You're never going to get us to fade," linebacker Jarret Johnson said. "You're
never going to get us to flinch. I don't care how bad it is, the group that we
have in this room, we're never going to fade, we're never going to flinch."

That type of resolve is invaluable for a team that lacks an offensive identity.

The NFL's 23rd-ranked offense has scored just 10 touchdowns this season with a
15.3 scoring average per game that ranks ahead of only the Kansas City Chiefs,
St. Louis Rams, Atlanta Falcons and San Francisco 49ers. Those teams have a
combined mark of 10-26.

The Ravens' inability to score has left the defense virtually helpless. Eleven
turnovers from embattled quarterback Steve McNair have directly led to 51 points
as opposing offenses have capitalized on short fields all year.

Regardless of their offensive partners' shortcomings, the defense is determined
to maintain its stingy ways.

"Well, I'll just keep doing my job and playing hard," linebacker Bart Scott
said. "What happens, happens. You play hard and not be part of the problem, but
be part of the solution.

"Everybody needs to do their job and get in their playbook. That's all you can
do. What else can I say?"

Not much, certainly nothing complimentary about an offense whose problems
hearkened wide receiver Mark Clayton back to the team's most high-profile
setback in the last year: a 15-6 playoff loss to the Indianapolis Colts where
Baltimore allowed five field goals.

During the Ravens' pitiful 21-7 loss Sunday to the Cincinnati Bengals, the
defense allowed seven field goals as the offense committed six turnovers.

"That reminded me of the Colts game," Clayton said.

Despite missing their top three cornerbacks -- Chris McAlister (strained knee),
Samari Rolle (undisclosed illness) and Corey Ivy (concussion) -- a shorthanded,
inexperienced secondary kept an explosive Bengals offense from finding the end
zone.

This transpired one week after giving up five touchdown passes in a 38-7 loss to
the Pittsburgh Steelers.

"Rex Ryan and his staff did a phenomenal job given their circumstances against
an incredibly potent offense," Ravens coach Brian Billick said. "They certainly
played well enough for us to win and we're going to have to do a lot to make
sure that that doesn't happen again."

Even with defensive end Trevor Pryce missing five games due to a broken left
wrist and the offseason departure of All-Pro linebacker Adalius Thomas, the
defense has held together.

The Ravens have allowed just 277.0 yards per game, ranking second in rushing
defense (73.7 yards per game), 12th in passing defense (203.3 yards per game),
second in first downs (13.9 per game), fifth in third-down defense (34.9
percent) and second overall in red-zone defense (33.3 percent).

Baltimore is allowing just 19.8 points per game, but has been outscored 178 to
138, including 40-13 in the first quarter. Nearly half of the Ravens' points
have been scored by kicker Matt Stover on 18 field goals and a dozen extra
points.

"The ball doesn't have to go over our head," middle linebacker Ray Lewis said
Monday night during his weekly radio show. "We don't have to miss tackles. As a
team, there's a lot to get better.

"Offense wasn't on the field when Pittsburgh was throwing the ball over our
heads last Monday. This is a journey. Anybody can jump off the train."

With the notable exception of Lewis second-guessing Billick's play-calling a few
weeks ago, the defense has remained disciplined about not pointing fingers at an
inept offense.

The fans have made it clear who they believe is to blame for this regression,
booing the offense at every turn Sunday.

"Yeah, it bothers me because I don't particularly know who they're booing,"
outside linebacker Terrell Suggs said. "They're booing us. These are my
brothers, all of them: offense, special teams, left tackle, the kicker.

"We're a team. No one man is exempt. They say, 'The Baltimore Ravens are 4-5.'
We're 4-5 as a team."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 24, 2007 Monday

Minnesota Vikings' offense struggling out of the gate

BYLINE: BY SEAN JENSEN Pioneer Press

SECTION: VIKINGS; Sports

LENGTH: 726 words


In clawing back into playoff contention over the past six weeks, the Vikings
started games with the same template.

Score on offense, stop opponents on defense.

The Vikings jumped to leads of 9-0, 24-7, 14-3 and 27-0 in the first four games
of their winning streak, scoring on their opening drive in each game. The only
game the offense did not score a touchdown on its first series was against the
San Francisco 49ers, when the Vikings settled for a field goal to tack onto the
defensive touchdown Kevin Williams scored in the opening seconds.

But in the two games since, the Vikings have stumbled horribly out of the gates.

On the first two possessions of the past two games, the Vikings' offense has
given up three turnovers and a safety.

Were the prime-time lights too bright?

"You know, I don't" think so, Vikings coach Brad Childress said when asked if
the playoff pressure affected his team, especially quarterback Tarvaris Jackson.

"Every game has its own dynamic to it, and I don't think they dwelled on this,"
Childress said. "They knew they were playing a hungry football team."

The Vikings' defense has done its part early on.

In the past two games, after the opposition won the coin toss, the Vikings'
defense has forced three-and-outs on the opening drive. But the offense killed
the momentum with immediate mistakes.

After opening with a run in each of the past two games, Jackson threw an
interception on his first pass attempt. Against the Chicago Bears, Jackson's
on-target pass was bobbled by receiver Robert Ferguson, who lost the ball to
linebacker Brian Urlacher.

On Sunday against the Washington Redskins, Jackson made the proper read but,
with two pass rushers closing ground, overthrew Ferguson. Former Vikings
cornerback Fred Smoot made the easy pick and returned it 47 yards.

Perhaps the Vikings should look for a different target on the opening pass.

Against Oakland, the New York Giants, Detroit and San Francisco, Jackson had
just three turnovers while completing 61 of 83 passes (73.5 percent) for 667
yards and four touchdowns. In the two games since, Jackson has completed 43 of
70 passes (61.4 percent) for 469 yards, with one touchdown and six turnovers.

After throwing two interceptions against the Redskins, Jackson accepted the
blame for Sunday's loss.

"It hurt us a lot because the turnovers gave them points, and like I said week
in and week out you cannot turn the football over like that," Jackson said
Sunday night. "So I take the blame totally for that. It's my fault, and the
reason we got down by so much so early."

Jackson said the game would have been "totally different" if not for his
mistakes.

Childress said he would not evaluate Jackson until he's had a chance to "step
back." Besides, Childress said he is not "looking at this as our last game."

Childress took a similarly optimistic look at Jackson, referring to Jackson's
8-3 record this season as a starter.

"His record as a starter speaks for itself. I'd like to do a little bit better
job with that ball security," Childress said. "That ends up being that premium
decision-making. By and large he's been decent decision-making. I always want to
see us make the routine plays routinely."

Childress lamented that the Vikings might have stuck with the run too long
Sunday, something they also did against the Bears. With both teams determined to
stack the line to stifle rookie running back Adrian Peterson, the Vikings still
tried to establish the run.

Against the Bears, four of their first seven plays were runs, netting 19 yards.
Against the Redskins, three of their first four plays were runs, netting a
single yard. On one of those carries, fullback Tony Richardson was tackled in
the end zone for a safety.

"When you script those openers, you are looking at ones that you hope have a
high probability of success," Childress said. "We certainly didn't expect to
give up two points on a safety."

Childress credited the Redskins for having an "amped-up defense," and he
acknowledged that the numbers were not favorable for the Vikings to effectively
run the ball.

"I'll take it as a coach," he said. "We probably should have started throwing it
a little earlier just to back them away a little bit from some of those forcing
units. But I didn't want to see us turn the football over like that when we were
throwing it."

Sean Jensen can be reached at sjensen@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vikings' Tarvaris Jackson looks up into the stands during a game versus
Washington on Sunday. (Scott Takushi, Pioneer Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 14, 1993, Saturday

NATION IN BRIEF Naval officer charged in Tailhook affair

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 9

LENGTH: 562 words


The Navy formally charged a third officer Friday in the Tailhook scandal. Lt.
Cole V. Cowden, 32, was served with a copy of the charges and will face a
court-martial, said Navy spokesman Cmdr. John Tull. Commander Tull declined to
release the specific charges against Lieutenant Cowden, saying they will be
detailed during the legal proceedings. Lieutenant Cowden is assigned to a flight
squadron at Norfolk Naval Air Station in Virginia, Commander Tull said.

Two other Navy officers have been ordered to undergo courts-martial as a result
of the Pentagon's investigation of the 1991 Tailhook Association meeting in Las
Vegas, Nev., where dozens of women said they were molested by drunken naval
aviators. Cmdr. Gregory E. Tritt, 43, is charged with assault, conduct
unbecoming an officer and making a false official statement under oath. He will
have a hearing Wednesday on pretrial motions but has not yet entered a plea.
Commander Tritt's commanding officer, Cmdr. Thomas R. Miller, 47, pleaded
innocent Tuesday to charges of dereliction of duty, conduct unbecoming an
officer and obstruction of justice.

-SECOND MAN GUILTY IN CARJACKING DEATH: The second of two men charged with
dragging a Maryland woman to her death during a carjacking was convicted in a
case that helped prompt Congress to declare the crime a felony. Rodney Solomon
was found guilty of first-degree murder and six other counts, making him
eligible for the death penalty. The penalty phase of the trial hasn't been
scheduled. The Baltimore County Circuit Court jury in Towson deliberated five
hours before reaching its verdict. In closing argument, the prosecution stressed
witnesses' testimony that Solomon pulled Pam Basu from her car and drove away
with her arm entangled in the seat belt, dragging her 1 1/2 miles. Prosecutor
Michael Rexroad had urged the jury to find the 27-year-old Washington, D.C., man
guilty of first-degree premeditated murder.

-ALLEN VISITS WITH SON, 5: Woody Allen visited his 5-year-old son, Satchel, in
Dublin, Ireland, after a New York state judge ordered Mia Farrow to let Mr.
Allen see the boy. Mr. Allen had traveled to Ireland specifically to see
Satchel, whom he is entitled to see three times a week according to the judge's
ruling at the couple's recent trial in which Ms. Farrow was given custody of
Satchel. He had not seen the boy since last month, when Ms. Farrow took him and
his sister Dylan, 8, and brother Moses, 15, to Ireland, where Ms. Farrow is
making a movie, according to Mr. Allen's spokeswoman, Leslee Dart.

-OFFICERS' CASE GOES TO JURY: A former Detroit police officer testified that he
never hit Malice Green, nor did he see his ex-partner strike him. If that's
true, a prosecutor mockingly said, then Mr. Green beat himself to death, or
"aliens" did it. After Wayne County Assistant Prosecutor Kym Worthy's closing
argument in the second-degree murder trial of former Officer Walter Budzyn, a
jury began deliberating his fate. A second jury deciding the case against Larry
Nevers, Mr. Budzyn's former partner, also began deliberating. If convicted of
second-degree murder, the former officers could face life in prison. If jurors
convict them of lesser charges of manslaughter, they could face up to 15 years
each. A third fired officer, Robert Lessnau, is charged with felony assault in
the Nov. 5 death.

From our news services

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932270032

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 8, 1999, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Giants realize need for more offense

BYLINE: Ernie Palladino; Westchester (N.Y.) Journal News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 653 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.


EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Jim Fassel's caveat to his players about
not getting all "warm and fuzzy" over the New York Giants' 5-3
mark wasn't just a cliche-wrapped message from a coach trying
to keep his team focused during a long, bye-week weekend.

It was a legitimate warning of what lies ahead, a not-so-veiled
plea for the Giants to kick-start a long-lost offense and remain
even-keeled on defense.

It acknowledged that the second half of the season with opponents
holding a cumulative mark of 32-26 holds far more danger than
the 23-28 first. Especially for an offensively challenged team
that has somehow positioned itself for playoff contention.


The schedule has potential pitfalls at every turn, from a seemingly
winnable New York Jets game that historically has held dire results
for the Giants, to road games in Buffalo, St. Louis and Dallas.

It should be noted that few of those second-half teams have had
trouble scoring, an asset the Giants seem to regard with the same
disdain a gambler shows when dealt a club into a hand of four
hearts.

The Giants have won with defense so far, but it is doubtful a
team that averages just 17.3 points a game can outscore such explosive
offenses as Indianapolis', Washington's, St. Louis' and Minnesota's
-- unless things change dramatically.

The scoring average drops to 15.3 if you disregard that 31-point
outburst against the New Orleans Saints.

To all this, Fassel shrugs.

"I'm still believing, aren't I?" he says. "Are we 5-3? I'm
going to find a way. Sure it gets tougher. Every year they've
said the toughest part of our schedule is the second half. And
we're 7-0 in December, if we're talking history."

As bad as it has played, the offense isn't the only side of the
ball that must beware. The defense, riding high from winning two
games directly and contributing heavily in two others, must put
its accomplishments in perspective.

In victories against Tampa Bay, Philadelphia (twice), Dallas and
New Orleans, it shut down offenses currently ranked 27th, 30th,
17th and 15th in the league.

Only Dallas, with 182 points in seven games, has averaged more
than two touchdowns.

Now look at what this proud but beat-up unit will contend with
in the second half. Indianapolis, the third-ranked offense with
the league's best passing game, averages 28.3 points. Washington
is one of the few teams that has overcome serious defensive deficiencies
through an offense that scores at a 34.6-point clip. The Rams?
They're just behind the Redskins at 34.

The only second-half teams not averaging more than 25 points are
the Jets, Arizona Cardinals and Bills.

"We're going to be tested," Pro Bowl linebacker Jessie Armstead
says. "We're playing at a high level right now. We've just got
to keep playing at that level. We'll see now how we measure up."

Even if they continue to play well, the Giants can't rely on the
defense to carry them the rest of the way. Good offenses do score
a little against good defenses. And three touchdowns usually are
enough to beat the Giants. Only twice, against Washington, when
that game was out of hand, and New Orleans, did the Giants score
three offensive touchdowns in a game. They have but 12 offensive
scores.

Unless a running game that averages three yards per carry, or
an offensive line that jumps early and holds at the most inopportune
times starts producing points, the Giants could be in for a long
trek to nowhere in the second half.

Tiki Barber becomes the main man in the backfield now that LeShon
Johnson has fizzled. Kent Graham, with a misleading 82 quarterback
rating, has asked for and might receive a more open passing game.

Somehow, Barber sees hope among the ashes.

"The past three weeks, we've learned how to win as a team,"
Barber says. "We've pulled them out, and big plays are becoming
our MO."



LOAD-DATE: November 08, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Stan Honda, AFP; Tiki time: Punt returns such as this one
by Tiki Barber against the Cowboys have helped make up for the Giants' sluggish
offense.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                            November 7, 2004, Sunday

INTRIGUING MATCHUPS AWAIT THE BUCS TODAY

BYLINE: MIKE COBB The Ledger

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 514 words


TAMPA -- As much talk as there has been about today's matchup between Kansas
City's offense and Tampa Bay's defense, the outcome of their game may rest on
how well the Bucs' offense does against the Chiefs' defense.

In other words, can the Bucs' offense score enough points to offset what the
Chiefs' offense might do to the Bucs' defense?

The two meet today at 1 p.m. at Raymond James Stadium.

The Chiefs bring the hottest offense in the NFL into the game having scored 101
points in the last two weeks. That's significant when you compare it to the
Bucs' offense, which has scored just 109 points all year.

The Bucs' offensive players think their defense will contain the Chiefs. Still,
they know they have to have one of their best offensive showing of the year.

"I think we faced the same situation when we went to St. Louis and played the
Rams," said quarterback Brian Griese. "Our offense was excited about the
challenge of trying to meet a great offense on the other side of the field. I
don't think this game is any different."

Griese hopes the outcome is different, though. The Bucs managed to put up 332
yards and 21 points, but missed two other scoring chances because of fumbles.
They also had a third fumble at their own 5 that led to a Rams touchdown.

Head coach Jon Gruden said he won't alter his offensive approach just because
they're going against another high-powered offense.

"We're high-powered on defense, so we're not going to make dramatic changes," he
said. "We're going to go out and play the game to the best of our abilities and
play within our style."

Tampa Bay defensive end Simeon Rice believes his team's offense can hold its
own.

"Our offense is really coming on strong," he said. "We're getting key components
back in our offense. This thing is moving in the right direction at the right
time."

In their first four games, with Brad Johnson as the starting quarterback, the
Bucs averaged 275 yards and 12.3 points per game. In the last three, primarily
with Griese at quarterback, they are averaging 318 yards and 20 points per game.

Griese became the starter in the fifth game replacing an injured Chris Simms
after Simms had replaced Johnson.

The Bucs had hoped to have receiver Joey Galloway back from the groin injury
that has sidelined him since the opener, but that doesn't look likely.

They will be without fullback Mike Alstott, but that will give former Florida
running back Earnest Graham his first chance to play in a regular-season game.

The Bucs are hoping to continue the running success with Michael Pittman that
they found two weeks ago against Chicago when Pittman ran for 109 yards.

Mostly, they're hoping to get a win and finish 3-1 in the second quarter of the
season after going 0-4 in the first quarter.

"We're disappointed at going 0-4, but its not like I can get it back," said
Gruden. "We've got a good opportunity to win a game and finish the second
quarter 3-1 and see what happens."

And whether they do depends in large part on how the Bucs' offense continues to
progress.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOHN SLEEZER/Kansas City Star: Chiefs safety Greg Wesley intercepts a
pass intended for Colts wide receiver Brandon Stokley late in last Sunday's
45-35 Kansas City win. Today's game at Tampa Bay could be decided by the Bucs'
offense against the Chiefs' defense.

             Copyright 2004 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday

Ravens sticking with Caldwell as coordinator;
Interim tag removed for assistant coach

BYLINE: MATT ZENITZ, Landmark News Service

SECTION: B; Pg.3

LENGTH: 612  words


OWINGS MILLS - Baltimore Ravens head coach John Harbaugh announced Monday that
interim offensive coordinator Jim Caldwell will remain the team's offensive
mastermind next season and "hopefully for the foreseeable future."

Caldwell stepped in as the Ravens' offensive coordinator Dec. 10, taking over
after Cam Cameron was fired following Baltimore's loss to the Washington
Redskins in Week 14.

The Ravens' offense struggled in its first game under Caldwell - Baltimore's
loss to the Denver Broncos Dec. 16 - but the unit has thrived since.

The Ravens rested most of their offensive starters amid their regular season
finale, but they've posted averages of 452 yards per game and 31 points per game
in the other four games since that December loss to the Broncos.

Baltimore's offense averaged just 309 yards in its last nine games under
Cameron.

"Jim's a really solid football coach, first of all," Harbaugh said. "He's been
around. ... But he's mainly a really good guy. He's a good person. And I think
he's genuine. He's to the point. He doesn't mince his words. He coaches
football, from the beginning of the day until the end of the day, and the guys
appreciate that."

Under Caldwell, the Ravens' offense scored three second-half touchdowns in
Sunday's 28-13 AFC championship victory over the New England Patriots.

Baltimore posted 479 yards against the Broncos a week earlier, exploiting a
Denver defense that ranked second-best in the NFL in total defense during the
regular season.

The Ravens had 441 yards in their wild-card win over the Indianapolis Colts Jan.
6.

"He's been through this a lot of times and has been a part of some great
offenses," Baltimore center Matt Birk said of Caldwell. "He knows what it looks
like and what it's supposed to feel like. Obviously, I'm sure he's drawing on
his experiences and helping us out and bringing that to our offense."

Joe Flacco, in particular, has flourished under the guidance of Caldwell, a
coach credited for his role in the development of Peyton Manning during his time
with the Colts.

Flacco played only sparingly in Baltimore's regular season finale but has thrown
10 touchdowns without an interception in his other four games under Caldwell
since the December loss to the Broncos. Flacco's thrown for an average of 291
yards in those four games.

He threw for 240 yards and three scores against the Patriots Sunday, 331 yards
and three touchdowns versus the Broncos in the divisional round and 282 yards
and two scores during the wild-card win over the Colts.

Flacco was limited 188 yards or less in six of his final nine games under
Cameron.

"I think we had a good relationship even before he became coordinator, (but) I
think he has settled in a little bit," Flacco said of Caldwell. "I think he has
had the time to really prepare for it now, and I think we just to continue to
grow week by week."

Caldwell was hired as Baltimore's quarterbacks coach in January after spending
the previous 10 seasons with Indianapolis - the final three of which as the
team's head coach. Caldwell was the Colts' quarterbacks coach from 2002 to 2007
and the team's associate head coach in 2008.

NOTE: Harbaugh also announced Monday that former Philadelphia Eagles defensive
coordinator and offensive line coach Juan Castillo has joined the Ravens' staff
as a consultant to help the team in its preparation for Super Bowl XLVII.

Castillo was fired by Philadelphia in October after just more than a season as
the team's defensive coordinator. But prior to taking over as defensive
coordinator, Castillo spent 13 years as the Eagles' offensive line coach and was
widely respected for his work with the Eagles' offensive line during that time
period.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Assistant coach Jim Caldwell has transformed the Ravens offense since
taking over as offensive coordinator late in the season.
Assistant coach Jim Caldwell has transformed the Ravens offense since taking
over as offensive coordinator late in the season.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 1, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

Wisconsin rape suspect in county jail

BYLINE: Beth Warren, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett Extra; Pg. 1JJ

LENGTH: 330 words

A trucker suspected as a serial rapist in Wisconsin and possibly Georgia and
other states has been tracked to Gwinnett County, police said.

Suspect Richard Joseph Porcelli, 29, of Sugar Hill, was charged Thursday with
crimes dating back to 1995 in Wisconsin and may face charges for rapes in
Georgia and Kentucky, police there said. He remained at the Gwinnett County jail
Monday night with bond set at $ 1 million.

Investigators say the rapist stopped off at retail strip malls near interstates
during his business trips and waited until he found female store clerks working
alone. He carried a gun, demanded money and raped the women, Wisconsin police
said.

Porcelli is a suspect in two 1995 rapes at Georgia strip malls, one off I- 85
and another off I-75, GBI spokesman John Bankhead said Monday night.

Investigators are comparing DNA samples taken after Porcelli's arrest with
evidence collected at the crime scenes before police can formally link him to
the crimes in Georgia.

Bankhead said one incident happened east of metro Atlanta, while another was in
northwest Georgia.

Other details about the cases were not released while the investigations remain
ongoing.

Investigators have suspected the same person was responsible for rapes in all
three states because of an FBI computer database that indexes DNA evidence
collected at crime scenes across the nation, Bankhead said.

But police didn't know who the suspect was until last week, when GBI fingerprint
expert Frank Kendal made the connection during a conference at Charleston, W.Va.

Kendal entered a fingerprint shared by Wisconsin police into a relatively new
FBI computer database for fingerprints and found Porcelli's name. Another check
showed Porcelli was listed as an inmate at the Gwinnett County jail on unrelated
charges.

On Thursday, Porcelli was ordered held on the Wisconsin charges of armed robbery
and sexual assault --- one case from 1995 and the other from 1998, police said.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Richard Joseph Porcelli

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 9, 2015 Sunday

Long knows offense has a long way to go

BYLINE: By Bob LeGere rlegere@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 489 words


BOURBONNAIS -- Kyle Long made his second Pro Bowl in as many seasons last year,
but overall it was not a successful season for the offensive line.

That resulted in a subpar season for the offense.

"As we go, the offense goes," Long said. "We know that. We need to be on top of
our game every day because, if we're not, then bad things happen with our
offense.

"It reflects poorly on everybody: quarterback, running back, receivers, coaches,
you name it. If we do our job, things are a lot easier for everybody else."

The biggest difference up front this year is at center, where Will Montgomery
takes over for Roberto Garza, which means some changes for Long at right guard.

"I can ease off my Rosetta Stone a little bit," Long joked. "I don't have to
speak as much Spanish. Garza was tremendous. He was my veteran. He was somebody
that really raised me in this league and took me under his shoulder."

The 32-year-old Montgomery is four years younger than Garza and he is familiar
with new offensive coordinator Adam Gase's scheme, having played for him last
year with the Denver Broncos.

"Montgomery has done a tremendous job with this offense to be able to relate the
subtle nuances and changes from last year to the young guys and to the guys who
have been in the league for a few years and are trying to find their way in this
offense," Long said.

Leading the way:

Strong safety Ryan Mundy started nine games with free safety Antrel Rolle in
2013 with the New York Giants, and Mundy says the three-time Pro Bowler brings
an impressive skill set to the Bears.

"He's a vocal guy, and he's a football player," Mundy said. "He's not going to
wow you with his speed or athleticism, but he's always in the right place at the
right time, and he makes a lot of big plays.

"That's the one thing that really stood out to me playing with him in New York,
is he's always in the right place at the right time, and he's not only a leader
through his actions, but he's also a vocal leader and guys really rally around
him."

Mundy and 2014 fourth-round pick Brock Vereen are currently competing for the
starting job opposite Rolle.

Sitting it out:

Linebacker Pernell McPhee and running back Matt Forte (coaches' decision) were
held out of Saturday's practice at Soldier Field.

The annual Family Fest drew a crowd of 23,492 despite the $22 charge for
parking.

After an off-day on Sunday, the Bears return to Olivet Nazarene University for
practices Monday (11:15 a.m.) and Tuesday (9:35 a.m.) before the preseason
opener against the Miami Dolphins on Thursday at Soldier Field at 7 p.m.

Can't wait:

Jared Allen has enjoyed about as much training camp as he can stand.

Asked if he needed to play in a game soon, he said: "Yeah, I want a game so
training camp will be over. That's everybody. After 12 years this still
(bleeps)."

The Bears actually have two more morning practices in Bourbonnais after Thursday
night's preseason opener -- 11:15 next Saturday and 9:35 Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bears guard Kyle Long looks back at
jeering fans. Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bears guard Kyle Long looks
back at jeering fans. Bears guard Kyle Long looks back at jeering fans during
their 31-15 loss to the Saints Monday night at Soldier Field in Chicago. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bears guard Kyle Long has had personal success,
playing in his second Pro Bowl in as many years, but HE acknowledges that the
offensive line has some work to do to overcome last year's dismal season. Steve
Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.com Bears guard Kyle Long has had personal success,
playing in his second Pro Bowl in as many years, but HE acknowledges that the
offensive line has some work to do to overcome last year's dismal season.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Ravens offense already looking 'a lot' different

BYLINE: Matt Zenitz Baltimore Sun Media Group

SECTION: A; Pg.7

LENGTH: 775  words


OWINGS MILLS - For new Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator Gary Kubiak, this
is the time when mistakes are expected.

The Ravens hired Kubiak in January, and organized team activities the last three
weeks have provided Kubiak with his first opportunity to work with his new
offense and teach the offense he is going to run.

But Kubiak seems encouraged with how players are acclimating to the offense.

"I think it's been really good," Kubiak said. "I think that's my challenge right
now as a coach - to watch. I'm throwing the kitchen sink at them, and then I
have to kind of watch and see what sticks and what they do best. ...

"I'm just taking it a day at a time, but I think we're building something."

Other members of the organization like what they are seeing from the offense,
too.

Baltimore finished last year ranked fourth-worst in the NFL in total offense
under former offensive coordinator Jim Caldwell. But defensive coordinator Dean
Pees was asked after an OTA practice Tuesday how much different the offense
looks under Kubiak.

He paused for a moment, then smiled and said, "A lot. A lot."

"It's got a lot of dag-gone weapons, and he knows how to use them," Pees said.
"He's given us a lot of headaches and a lot of things for us to talk about as a
defensive staff, which is good."

Kubiak has a history of producing successful offenses.

Prior to taking over with the Ravens, Kubiak spent eight years as the head coach
of the Houston Texans. Before that, he was the offensive coordinator for the
Denver Broncos from 1995 until leaving for Houston in 2006.

The Broncos led the NFL in yards per game and points per game during their 11
seasons under Kubiak, and the Texans' offense was ranked among the top-7 in the
league during four of Kubiak's final six seasons as coach.

The Ravens are optimistic Kubiak can work similar magic with them, especially
with the progress being made during OTAs.

"I love it," wide receiver Torrey Smith said of Kubiak's offense. "Football is
football, and there are a lot of concepts that we've had before that we
understand, but it's kind of his way of going about it.

"Even something as simple as the route running, he likes to break down a little
bit more rather than speed cutting a lot, which is what we did last year. It's
been working well. Guys have been working hard. We're getting it down, and
that's really all we can ask for at this point."

In particular, Kubiak seems pleased with how quarterback Joe Flacco is coming
along with the offense.

Under league rules, coaches were not allowed to have contact with players until
the start of the offseason workout program April 21. But Flacco was sent a copy
of Kubiak's playbook as well as video of Kubiak's offenses in Houston to help
him get up to speed as quickly as possible leading into OTAs.

"I think he worked his tail off when he was away from me," Kubiak said. "With
the way the rules are set up, we tried to get Joe as much information as we
could so he could study ... and it was obvious when he came in how hard he hard
worked at what he was doing. ...

"The important thing is that he be ahead of everybody, and he's done that."

Smith said something similar.

"He understands [the offense]," Smith said of Flacco. "He's helping to put us in
the right place. When you ask him questions, he always knows the answer, and
that's a credit to him working hard to get it done."

Kubiak also feels like Flacco should fit into the offense well from a physical
standpoint.

"I knew he had a big arm, but I had no idea how good of an athlete he is, a very
good athlete," Kubiak said. "The things we like to do, [moving] around, the
zone-pass schemes that we like to run, I think fit to a lot of his strengths. We
just need to continue to get better at them.

"But his progress and where he's at right now, I couldn't be happier."

Kubiak was also complimentary of the offensive line, especially left guard
Kelechi Osemele and new center Jeremy Zuttah.

Successful running games have been a staple of Kubiak's offenses dating back to
his time in Denver, and he said, "Up front, they've responded to what we do."

The teaching will continue well into training camp and the preseason. So will
the process of Kubiak figuring out how to best utilize the pieces he has on
offense. But Kubiak feels like the offense is coming along well.

"I did think it was very important that we challenge them mentally as well as
physically, especially throughout the course of OTAs," Kubiak said. "I told them
that. I said, 'Guys, I'm going to throw a lot at you. We need to make some
mistakes, but let's go make them hard. We'll figure it out and make sure on
opening day we're doing what we do best.'"

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator Gary Kubiak will have plenty of
weapons at his disposal in his first season with the team.
Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator Gary Kubiak will have plenty of weapons
at his disposal in his first season with the team.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 25, 2013 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

There's no easy pass for skipping tolls

BYLINE: Larry Copeland, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 402 words


Don't ignore the tolls on Northern Virginia's Dulles Toll Road.

Jason Bourcier, a 33-year-old financial consultant in Arlington, Va., did so.
Now, to cover his unpaid tolls, fees and penalties, he will be paying $150 a
month until July 19, 2067 -- when he'll be 87 years old.

It could have been even worse: Bourcier says his original tab was $202,000; his
attorney negotiated that down to $40,000. Toss in another $55,000 in interest
payments and other fees, and his total hit is $96,498 -- all stemming from $440
in unpaid tolls.

As more and more communities around the USA have turned to tolling as a way to
fund much-needed roads in a difficult economic climate, Bourcier's story
provides a look at an extreme example of what can happen when you don't pay.

According to Virginia law, in instances where toll violations proceed to court,
the registered owner or operator of a vehicle is liable for a $50 penalty on a
first offense, $100 for a second offense within one year, $250 for a third
offense within two years of the second offense and $500 for a fourth and any
subsequent offenses within three years of the second offense. In each case, the
owner or operator is also liable for "the unpaid toll, all accrued
administrative fees imposed by the toll facility operator, and applicable court
costs," the law states.

Christopher Paolino, a spokesman for the Metropolitan Washington Airports
Authority, confirmed Bourcier's story. He said Bourcier had 335 toll violations.
"In fairness to all the drivers who pay their tolls every year, we have
responsibility to pursue toll violations and to crack down on those who try to
evade collection," Paolino said.

Bourcier says he became a toll scofflaw in 2009, when he was struggling through
the recession. He says he was unemployed and had taken a nighttime transport job
that necessitated him using the eight-lane, 14-mile toll highway. The EZ Pass
system is used to collect tolls on the highway; drivers can also pay with coins.
"I would go through late at night, and there weren't any attendants," Bourcier
says. "One day, I asked an attendant if the cameras were on when there were no
attendants on duty. He said they weren't. So I started going through without
paying the tolls."

He says he wants to see legislation that would prevent an agency from being able
to accumulate such fees. "There are people who get convicted for DUI crashes,
and they don't face this."

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo David Cooper, USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                          September 14, 2004, Tuesday

TAMPA BAY OFFENSE CONCERNS FANS; BUC TALK

BYLINE: Ledger staff

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 505 words


The Bucs' offense was offensive to fans in Sunday's 16-10 loss at Washington. To
wit:

"I am, and always will be, a diehard Bucs fan.

My view -- Special teams grade: great!! Defense grade: good. Offense grade:
godawful! Defense scores 6, special teams score 4, and offense scores nothing!
This could be one long, sad year." -- Joe Briglin, Lakeland.

"Looks like a long season for Buc fans. Should have pursued Jeff Garcia and kept
Ernest Graham. We won't win many games this year, and the defense will win
those. I look for a 6-10 season." -- Vince Butorac, Lakeland.

"The Buc faithful's offseason optimism for the new year took a huge dose of
reality less than four minutes into the game when Clinton Portis ran 64 yards
for a TD, and the Bucs were unable to respond offensively. Or should I say the
response was offensive?

"The poor play of the offensive line makes it impossible to judge what impact,
if any, Charlie Garner will have, or whether Mike Alstott has recovered from
last season's injury.

"Considering the play of the offensive line, it may be time to give Chris Simms
a shot at QB. His mobility would be an asset when the blocking breaks down,
which will be often.

"It may be time for youth to be served. If you're going down, go down in
flames." -- Jim Lonsfoote, Lakeland.

"I just don't see the offense getting any better with the current cast of
over-the-hill has-beens. I'm beginning to wonder now if John Gruden showed up at
just the right time to ride to the Super Bowl on Tony Dungy's coattails." --
Mike Howell, Lakeland.

"Is Tony Dungy running the offense from Indianapolis? With the predictable plays
and the 7-yard slants across the middle, it seemed like Gruden has decided to
turn back the play books to the Dungy era. Wake up, Bucs offense; we cant be
Sleepless for Seattle this Sunday!" -- Brian Stephens, Lakeland.

"Well, here we go again...When you start with 26 new players, it takes time to
get the boys together and play like a football team." -- Max Hart, Lakeland.

"The Tampa Bay Bucs offense was AWOL Sunday, as usual. I would classify their
offense as the three S's -- staid, stagnant and stupid." -- Joe Potter,
Lakeland.

"Is it time to take off my pewter-colored glasses? I'm not quite ready to call
it a season yet. While I hope this game isn't a harbinger of what's ahead, I
have to be realistic.

"Basically, it comes down to the O-line, and whether or not they can block for
the running game and give Johnson the time he needs to be successful." -- Marty
Tallent, Willow Oak.

"The problem was on the offensive side, where Brad Johnson was feeling too much
pressure on every play and Garner was getting stuffed on every run. Tim Brown
and Joey Galloway were also unimpressive. Gruden's offseason acquisitions were
busts and they weren't ready to play." -- Perry Johnson, Lakeland.

"Maybe no one told the players or the coaches, but this was a regular-season
game.

"Get back to the basics! If in doubt, call Joe Gibbs." -- Terry Harding,
Lakeland.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2004 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 17, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

Charlotte reels from blows;
 A series of sports-related woes ranging from minor to tragic have hit city
still adjusting to the big leagues.

BYLINE: Ken Sugiura, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 1292 words

Charlotte
The basketball team lost 62 games and the city held a parade.

The Hornets brought Charlotte recognition as a major-league city when they
joined the NBA in 1988. There was much rejoicing.

The Hornets set a league record for attendance in their first season. Team
members from the starters all the way down the bench were in demand. And they
got a parade after the season was over.

"All the players were heroes," remembered Tucker Mitchell, the editor of The
Leader, a Charlotte weekly newspaper.

That was in 1989, practically a lifetime ago in Charlotte's history.

In the last 16 months, a new chapter has been written. A terrifying series of
deaths and crimes involving the city's professional athletes has stunned the
community and dragged the name of Charlotte, a city proud of its banks, churches
and manners, through the mud.

Succession of tragedies

The Hornets are now haggling with the city for a new arena and may leave if a
deal is not struck. If they go, some might see fit to hold another parade, this
time to send them away.

"We know these things happen," Mayor Pat McCrory said, referring to the city's
tribulations. "They're just not accepted."

The Carolina Panthers open their home schedule this afternoon against the
Falcons with a sellout crowd. Some hope that they can provide relief from the
tragedy and misery that the people of Charlotte have endured.

"I don't think that's a rallying cry," Panthers coach George Seifert said. But,
"it would certainly be wonderful to have that happen. There's no question about
that."

It all churned out rapid-fire:

In May of last year, three spectators at an Indy Racing League event at
Charlotte's Lowe's Motor Speedway were killed when debris from a crash flew into
the stands. Two days later, Steve Chiasson, a member of the Carolina Hurricanes
hockey team, was killed in a one-car accident.

In December, Hornets owner George Shinn, the man who brought the NBA to
Charlotte, went to civil trial in a sexual assault suit. He was later not found
liable.

In January, Hornets guard Bobby Phills was killed on his way home from practice.
Police said he and teammate David Wesley were racing in their Porsches when
Phills' car collided with two other vehicles.

In May, 107 spectators were injured when a 17-foot-high concrete walkway
collapsed during a race at Lowe's Motor Speedway and dumped them onto the
highway below.

The two biggest bombs involved football players. In December of last year, wide
receiver Rae Carruth was arrested in the trunk of a Toyota Camry in Tennessee
and charged with first-degree murder of his pregnant girlfriend. He is the first
active NFL player ever charged with murder.

On July 6, ex-Panthers running back Fred Lane was shot to death by his wife in
his Charlotte home. Deidra Lane later was charged with first-degree murder in
the slaying of her husband.

Incidents at odds with city's image

No one saw this as part of the bargain when the big-time sports circus rolled
in.

"People in Charlotte are probably not as naive as we were a few years ago," said
Bill Wood, senior pastor of First Presbyterian Church in downtown Charlotte.
"We've seen there's a shadow side to professional sports. We've had more than
our share of it."

There is a sentiment that this ought not happen in Charlotte.

"There's a definite politeness and civility about Charlotte," said longtime
Charlotte City Council member Lynn Wheeler. "It seems whenever people move here
they're sucked into it. It is part of the culture."

There are more than 650 houses of worship in Mecklenburg County, which contains
Charlotte. The arts are well-supported. The U.S. Conference of Mayors voted
Charlotte the nation's most livable city.

Small-town feel not gone

Although almost 2,000,000 people live in the metropolitan Charlotte area, the
downtown and surrounding neighborhoods still retain something of a small- town
quality. Kiosks advertise film and lecture series, like you might find in a
college town.

The city library, only a short walk from the main intersection of Tryon and
Trade streets, is a two-story sandy-brick building with colonial windows and
seems more suited for Mayberry, not the second-largest banking center in the
nation.

"I enjoy it," said Jeff Anderson, a Charlotte resident who grew up in Atlanta
and graduated from the Westminster Schools. "A little bit slower, but a lot of
opportunities."

Charlotte sports fans closely identify the Hornets and Panthers with their
owners because, Wood said, "that's a Southern tradition. People want to know who
your family is." Allegiances have shifted strongly to the Panthers partially
because of how they see owner Jerry Richardson.

"They want to feel these are people you can trust in and have confidence in and
can represent the city," said Wood, the minister. "And that means something in
Charlotte."

Charlotte citizens' strong civic pride meant that the tragedies and misdeeds of
their professional athletes affected them probably more than they would have
another city.

In the beginning, the Hornets and Panthers had remarkable support. The Hornets
set an NBA attendance record in the first season, and went on to exceed that
mark nine consecutive years.

Ericsson Stadium was financed entirely by private money. Much of it came from
permanent seat licences --- costing as much as $ 5,400 --- that merely
guaranteed fans the right to actually buy tickets for those seats. The Panthers
have sold out all 40 of their regular-season home games.

Pro sports fervor wanes

But a variety of factors --- a failure to produce a consistent winner chief
among them --- has dulled the enthusiasm. The Hornets' average attendance last
season was more than 6,000 off its peak. In their last home game of the year---
a playoff game --- 11,686 showed up. The Panthers' attendance was more than
12,000 shy of capacity. Their local TV ratings are good for the NFL, but not
great.

"We've had to grow up a little bit," Wood said. "The honeymoon's over for us
with professional sports."

While there will be a hearing Monday for the Lane murder trial, and Carruth goes
to trial next month, it does seem the worst of the storm has blown through. The
feeling is that the people still want major-league sports and like how it
energizes and unifies the city like nothing else can. They hope the new arena
for the Hornets gets worked out and that they don't leave. But the days of a
city lovestruck by its sports heroes are over.

"We shouldn't view them as being pillars of the community when in some cases
their family doesn't even reside here," said Wheeler, the city council member.

Cleaning up the problems

Richardson redoubled his efforts to keep his team clean of trouble. He charged
the team's rookies to keep their noses clean. In fact, he had traded away Lane,
who had been arrested on drug and weapons charges, for that reason.  And
everyone points out that, yes, there were some problems, but by and large,
athletes like quarterback Steve Beuerlein and Hornets newcomer P.J. Brown are
good people.

The mayor promises to remain vigilant.

"We in Charlotte are very protective of our quality of life, and we have
standards for people that live, work and raise families here, including
athletes," McCrory said.

The council member is pragmatic.

"These few individual players who do break the law are minor in comparison to
what economic development is brought to the city because we have these two
teams," Wheeler said.

The minister, maybe he best understands human weakness. For better or worse,
perhaps Charlotte has indeed joined the big leagues.

Said Wood, "Nothing helps any more than winning a few games when things go
sour."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Rae Carruth of the Panthers is charged with having his girlfriend killed.
Photo
Kendall Phills, widow of Bobby Phills, is comforted during Phills' funeral by
his brother Dwayne as they stand next to a photo of the Charlotte Hornets guard
who was killed in a car accident in January when he lost control of his Porsche
while leaving practice. / PATRICK DENNIS / Associated Press
Photo
George Shinn owner of the Hornets, beat a sexual assault lawsuit.
Photo
Medics treat a victim of flying debris that killed three people during a race at
Lowe's Motor Speedway on May 1, 1999. / PATRICK SCHNEDER / Charlotte Observer
Graphic
NOTABLE INCIDENTS
May 1, 1999: Debris from an Indy Racing League race at Lowe's Motor Speedway
kills three spectators.
May 3, 1999: Hurricanes defenseman Steve Chiasson is killed in a one-car
accident. His blood-alcohol content was three times the legal limit.
 Oct. 27, 1999: Charlotte Hornets forward Derrick Coleman is arrested on charges
of driving while intoxicated after crashing his car in south Charlotte. In the
accident, teammate Eldridge Recasner suffers a shoulder injury and a collapsed
lung. Coleman is later found innocent.
Nov. 16, 1999: Cherica Adams, the pregnant girlfriend of the Panthers' Rae
Carruth, is shot. Adams delivers the baby, Carruth's, but dies weeks later.
Carruth is later found in the trunk of a car at a motel in Wildersville, Tenn.,
and is charged with first-degree murder.
Dec. 7, 1999: The civil trial of Hornets owner George Shinn begins, broadcast
nationally on cable television. He is charged with sexual assault, with the
plaintiff providing a deposition from a Hornets cheerleader alleging sexual
misconduct. He is later not found liable.
Dec. 24, 1999: Recasner is charged after an incident with a airline ticket agent
in Seattke and later pleads guilty to fourth-degree assault.
Jan. 12, 2000: The Hornets' Bobby Phills is killed in a crash while driving home
from practice. Police say he was racing teammate David Wesley when his Porsche
collided with two other vehicles.
Feb. 26, 2000: The Hornets' Anthony Mason - -- since traded to the Miami Heat
--- is arrested in New York on charges of third-degree assault.
March 30, 2000: Hornets co-owner and Atlantan Ray Woolridge says he is
considering asking the city and state to pay for the team's new $ 220 million
arena.
April 5, 2000: Timothy Bruce, a construction worker, died after falling from
bleachers being built at the dirt track at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
May 12, 2000: Adam Petty, the 19-year-old grandson of racing legend Richard
Petty, was killed in a crash in practice at New Hampshire International Speedway
in Loudon, N.H. Petty won his first ARCA race in Charlotte.
May 20, 2000: During a NASCAR race at Lowe's Motor Speedway, a concrete bridge
collapses, dropping 107 spectators 17 feet to the highway below.
July 6, 2000: Ex-Panther Fred Lane is shot dead in his Charlotte home by his
wife. Deidra Lane later is charged with first-degree murder.
July 8, 2000: Charlotte resident and NASCAR driver Kenny Irwin Jr. is killed
when his car crashes into a wall at New Hampshire International Speedway in
Loudon, N.H.

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 1, 2000, Saturday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 620 words

Bail denied for 2nd suspect in explosives smuggling
An Algerian living in Brooklyn who prosecutors say planned to assist another
Algerian caught smuggling explosives into the United States was held without
bail Friday after a court appearance.

Abdel Ghani shook his head as Assistant U.S. Attorney David Kelley portrayed him
as eager to assist Ahmed Ressam, arrested Dec. 14 on charges he smuggled
explosives from Canada to the United States.

Ghani's arrest during a morning raid on his apartment Thursday came as law
enforcement officials questioned and detained dozens of people in major cities
from New York to San Francisco, mostly on immigration charges.

The effort was part of an increased vigilance against possible beds of terrorism
with the approach of the new year.

No plea was entered during Ghani's appearance before U.S. Magistrate Ronald L.
Ellis in Manhattan. Kelley said Ghani, 31, was in the country illegally.

Man in abandonment case is granted leave
A man accused with his wife of abandoning their disabled son at a Delaware
hospital has been granted a three-month paid leave from the chemical company he
runs. Richard Kelso, president and chief executive officer of PQ Corp.,
requested the leave Wednesday to deal with ''family matters,'' said company
spokesman John Reed. Kelso, 62, and his wife Dawn Kelso, 45, were charged Monday
with misdemeanor counts of child abandonment and conspiracy.

Fake bomb threats bring man's arrest
Flavio David Mendoza of Hazelwood, Mo., was arrested after officials accused him
of phoning in a fake bomb threat in hopes of delaying a jet long enough for his
girlfried to catch the flight. But the Korean Airlines flight from San Francisco
International Airport was already en route to Seoul and authorities allowed it
to proceed after discovering the threat Thursday was a hoax.

Toppling of tower considered isolated
The toppling of an 80-foot powerline tower near Bend, Ore., appears to have been
an isolated case of criminal mischief rather than organized sabotage,
authorities said. The tower held the main high-voltage lines that carry
electricity from the Pacific Northwest to the Southwest. A computer rerouted
power to alternative lines less than one second after the line fell Thursday
night, Bonneville Power Administration spokesman Perry Gruber said. No customers
lost power, and a small fire was quickly extinguished.

Iowan is released from Georgian republic
Loren Wille, a 54-year-old international relief worker from Iowa who had been
detained for five months in the former Soviet republic of Georgia, celebrated at
his Belle Plaine home after Georgian authorities unexpectedly dropped vehicular
homicide charges against him. Until he was told on Christmas that he was about
to be freed, Wille's family had feared that officials in Georgia might link his
release to that of a Georgian diplomat imprisoned in the United States in the
drunken driving death of a 16-year-old girl in Washington nearly three years
ago.

Confederate flag fans air radio commercials
Groups supporting the Confederate flag on the South Carolina Statehouse have
begun airing radio commercials statewide to get their message across and
encourage people to attend a rally next week. The ads say Confederate flag
opponents are bent on rewriting history and eliminating Civil War monuments.

Hostage-takers may face death penalty
Five prisoners involved in this week's brief, bloody escape attempt and hostage
crisis at the state penitentiary in Angola, La., face first-degree murder and
aggravated kidnapping charges and, possibly, the death penalty. A state district
judge signed warrants making the accusations Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 25, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Fulton pushes toward online tax payments

BYLINE: Alfred Charles, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 12E

LENGTH: 731 words

For as long as Fulton County has been collecting taxes, property owners could
only submit payments by mailing them or trudging down to a county government
building.

But in a few months, Fulton taxpayers might be among the first in the state who
can pay their bills electronically with a few simple keystrokes.

Fulton has hired two telecommunications firms to operate payment collection
systems that will allow property owners to avoid the long lines or the
uncertainty of mail delivery by paying their taxes and auto registration fees
with credit cards over the Internet or by telephone.

"Ever since I got into office the one thing I wanted to do was to make it easier
for people to do business with the government," said Tax Commissioner Arthur
Ferdinand, a retired IBM executive who has been praised for aggressively
boosting Fulton's tax collection efforts since joining the county in January
1997.

But taxpayers may be charged for the convenience. Ferdinand said details are
being worked out but he expects customers will have to pay a fee to use the
electronic system. He said the charge could be 1 percent of the tax bill.

Since Ferdinand became the county's top tax collector, the office has opened
eight satellite offices so taxpayers have options other than paying their bills
at the county's government building in downtown Atlanta.

"The second part of that strategy is to allow people to interact more
effectively with the government using modern technology," he said. "I want us to
be able to do everything over the Internet."

But Ferdinand's tax collection operation has come under fire in the past from
taxpayers who have complained about the way his office processes bills. Many
irate homeowners have made a fuss about late statements or not getting proper
credit for payments.

And they wonder how Ferdinand's office will fare with a new high-tech system
when there were a lot of glitches with the low-tech way. If the system is to
succeed, Fulton will have to win over some jaded taxpayers who have been burned
in the past.

"I would not trust it," said homeowner Jo Ann Boyle, who has had several run-ins
with the county over getting proper credit for her payments. "Unless they clean
up their act, they won't get anything from me electronically."

Other big governments around the country are trying the approach.

Residents of New York City will be able to pay parking tickets and tax bills or
apply for permits over the Internet within five years. Baltimore County, Md., is
also moving forward with a plan to put its tax payment operation online, as is
Ventura County near Los Angeles.

Three months ago, Dekalb County unveiled its new Internet-based tax bill payment
system. Atlanta motorists can pay traffic fines over the telephone with credit
cards but the city hasn't gone online.

Fulton already has an electronic system that gives limited information to
taxpayers, but it can't be used to pay. Boyle and others complain that they
often can't get through on the current phone system.

Ferdinand admits that his office's current telephone answering system has not
been adequate.

"It's one of the things I'm not proud of since coming here," he said. "The
system is always reliable but the problem has always been with the volume of
calls."

Ferdinand, whose office is expected to collect $ 1.3 billion this year in tax
revenue for the county, the city of Atlanta, East Point, the city and county
schools, said his agency receives as many as 20,000 telephone calls a day. The
load might get lighter if Atlanta decides to collect its own taxes. Ferdinand
said he has not yet heard if the city will keep Fulton's service.

Even if the volume doesn't decline, the county's online and telephone payment
method, expected to be operational by March 2000, might improve things.

Two firms will operate Fulton's system. BellSouth will provide the Internet
service, which will allow property owners to pay and view their bills online and
get information about land parcels.

U.S. Audiotex will manage the pay-by-phone system, an "interactive voice
response" system that will dispense payment information over the phone.

Ferdinand said total collections likely won't go up when the new electronic
system rolls out, but he predicts people will pay earlier.

"It gives people another option rather than being delinquent," Ferdinand said.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             April 26, 2013, Friday

NFL DRAFT;
WVU Sports;
Mountaineers coach could see stock rise with draft selections

BYLINE: Mike Casazza

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P3B

LENGTH: 944 words


NEW YORK - The idea behind being here this week was to witness history. The idea
that's been hard to shake, while at the same time by no means imminent, is about
the future.

West Virginia had never had two football players drafted in the same first round
before Thursday night at Radio City Music Hall, a monumental moment that's
evaded the program that has the most wins without a national championship.

Stop and think about the college and NFL Hall of Fame players who have played at
the old and the new Mountaineer Field and feuded with Miami and South Florida,
with Pitt and Penn State, with Virginia Tech and Richmond, with Washington & Lee
and Washington & Jefferson. Realize none of those good teams and great champions
had two players skilled enough to be picked in the same first round.

WVU's first ever draft pick was Joe Stydahar, a first-rounder from Shinnston in
1936. There were just seven other first-round picks before the Seattle Seahawks
snatched Bruce Irvin early last year. The Mountaineers have had gaps of 20, 18
and 10 years between first round picks, but Tavon Austin cut the wait to just 12
months when the St. Louis Rams selected him with the No. 8 pick.

While the world waited to hear Geno Smith's name, Austin still gave WVU a
distinction. The Mountaineers had never had first-round picks in consecutive
years.

The mind now races to the future and wonders who among the current Mountaineers
will catch an owner's eye or convince a general manager to draw up a big
contract. Is he on the roster? Was he just toiling in a junior college or a high
school gym class? Have the assistant coaches been out recruiting him this week?

Or is this a trick question?

The name that entertains the frontal lobe most is Dana Holgorsen's.

Laugh, scoff, turn the page, click the mouse or simply pause for a moment. NFL
teams are simultaneously drafting college players and mimicking college offenses
. The cycle is coming back again to hiring college coaches.

"Forever in the history of the NFL, the brain drain went from the NFL down to
college and all the college coaches would go to NFL camps and try to learn as
much as they could and all that information and technique and production got
pushed down to the college level," NFL Network and Notre Dame analyst Mike
Mayock said. "And now, because the college game has changed so much, the NFL has
become fascinated about the spread and how they're identifying mismatches in
space."

This is an offensive league now, a league that markets itself on entertainment.
Why did the Tampa Bay Buccaneers trade a first-round pick for Darrelle Revis?
Not to pair him opposite Eric Wright and form one of the league's better
cornerback combos, but to contend with Drew Brees, Matt Ryan and Cam Newton
twice a year in the division.

These offenses are diversifying and defenses are charged with keeping pace,
which in turn encourages the offenses to keep growing.

"I've never seen in my life more NFL coaches call up their college buddies and
say, 'Hey, can I come watch you coach? Hey, can I sit down and watch tape with
you? Hey, talk to me about tempo. How many snaps a game are you getting? Why are
you getting them? What's the best way to do it? How do you rotate your
players?'" Mayock said.

Teams are searching for advantages on offense, edges they can exploit to stay
ahead, and often they inquire about how they can get better with college
principles. Why else would Chip Kelly be hired by the Philadelphia Eagles and
have no NFL experience? Why are teams trying to find a place in their
organization for former Nevada Coach Chris Ault and his knowledge of his Pistol
offense?

It's expanding, not vanishing. Spread offenses are still very much en vogue and
they figure to be that way for as long as quarterbacks and receivers make so
much money. There's value in creating ways to find green space and make use of
it. Holgorsen is very good at that. It's the essence of his offense.

He's also riding the next wave that's beginning to hit the shores of the NFL.
Teams play fast now. If you can collect talent on the roster and then overwhelm
the other team with the volume of plays, you increase your chances to win. Bill
Belichick, who certainly knows his game, quizzed college coaches, including
Kelly, before the 2012 season about tempo. The New England Patriots led the NFL
in offenses and snaps.

Holgorsen has answers to questions others might ask. He knows how to frame and
teach the offense and he knows how to tutor the quarterbacks. In the NFL, there
are no time constraints on working with players like there are in the NCAA.
There's also the difference between recruiting players you can get and signing,
trading for and drafting the players you want.

Smith may hit or miss and Austin may dazzle or dwindle. Time may pass before
Holgorsen's name ever really rises, but time is on Holgorsen's side. He's in the
early stages of refurbishing a program and re-energizing an offense with new
parts and maybe even a new slant with a likely lucrative running game. Eyes will
always be on what he does because what he does is so revered by football minds.
As the game expands, a team might commit its future to what's happening right
now.

"That's what you see the NFL kind of going to a little bit," Holgorsen said in
response to a question about Austin that evolved into a statement about the new
direction of the NFL. "From the current head coaches and offensive coordinators
that were there last year to some of the guys that have been hired, you're
seeing a movement toward a little bit more of the college game."

Contact sportswriter Mike Casazza at mikec@dailymail.com or 304-319-1142. His
blog is at blogs.dailymail.com/wvu.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           September 21, 2004 Tuesday

BYU offense still struggling

BYLINE: Jeff Call Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 741 words


PROVO -- No matter how you look at them, the numbers produced by BYU's offense
aren't pretty.

Through three games this season, the Cougars have scored a total of 40 points,
including 10 in each of the last two contests. This week's NCAA statistics
confirm what has become quite obvious -- BYU's offense is, once again, one of
the country's worst.

Here's where the Cougars rank nationally in the following offensive categories
among the 117 Division I-A teams:

Rushing offense: No. 116 (30 yards per game).

Scoring offense: No. 103 (13.3 points per game).

Total offense: No. 100 (278.3 yards per game).

Turnovers lost: No. 116 (a total of 13).

That's not what coach Gary Crowton was counting on after bringing in a host of
new receivers and enjoying more experience at the quarterback position.

Still, he says the scant production from his offense is "not a major concern
yet" because of the tough opponents his team has faced. Notre Dame and Southern
California boast strong front-sevens, he said, and Stanford returned nine
defensive starters from a year ago.

This week's foe, No. 21 Boise State, which happens to be No. 1 in the nation in
scoring offense (averaging 55 points per contest), saw its defense surrender 31
points in last weekend's victory over UTEP.

Translation? If the Cougars have any hope of springing an upset Friday (8 p.m.,
ESPN) at Bronco Stadium, they must find their way into the end zone early and
often.

"We need to score more than 10, I promise you that," Crowton said. "Our offense
needs to pick it up. We need to play well in this game. I think we're very
capable of doing that."

To be successful, BYU also will have to eliminate turnovers. The Cougars had
three interceptions and a fumble in their 42-10 loss to No. 1 USC last Saturday.

"When you turn the ball over that much, it's going to be tough to win," said
quarterback John Beck.

A shoulder injury suffered by Beck has hindered the offense's ability to
establish consistency, according to BYU linebacker Brady Poppinga. "When they
get their rhythm and continuity back, they're as good as anybody, I do believe,"
he said.

Crowton said there were some encouraging signs amid the USC defeat.

"Our offense showed spurts at times. It was good to see John finish a game,"
Crowton said, pointing out it was the first time Beck had played an entire
contest since last season's 44-36 win at San Diego State. "I liked the look in
his eye and the competitive nature he had at the end of the game."

Beck connected with wide receiver Todd Watkins for a 69-yard touchdown pass in
the third quarter. It's a big-play combination Crowton wants to see continue.

"We're going to be able to go to that more," he said. "I think you'll see those
guys developing more as the season goes on."

BYU's running game remains ineffective. The Cougars garnered just 27 yards on
the ground against the Trojans as running backs Fahu Tahi and Curtis Brown
struggled. "We have a chance to run the ball against (Boise State), if we elect
to," Crowton said.

BEWARE THE BLUE TURF: Boise State's Bronco Stadium features the nation's only
blue Astro Turf, which matches its players' all-blue home uniforms. The school
is the first to have its entire field created in a special color.

Crowton said he spoke to Georgia Tech coach Chan Gailey about the Yellow
Jackets' experience in Boise during last season's Humanitarian Bowl. "He thought
(the blue turf) was a very difficult thing because you can't see everybody
sometimes," Crowton said. "They get lost because of the color."

Bronco Stadium poses other challenges, Crowton added. "It is a unique place to
play. It's very noisy. (For a 30,000-seat stadium), the way the seats are right
on top of that turf, it's a loud stadium. This will be much louder than it was
at Stanford."

PAYNE HONORED AGAIN : BYU punter/placekicker Matt Payne was named Mountain West
Conference special teams player of the week for the second time in three weeks.
Payne recorded a 46-yard field goal and booted a conference-record 79-yard punt
(one yard shy of the school record) against USC.

"Matt did a real good job," Crowton said. "He continues to get better. He'll
help us in a lot of ways with field position."

Payne, who is third on BYU's all-time scoring list, has also made 27 straight
PAT attempts. The senior from North Ogden ranks third nationally in punting with
a 47-yard average. Nine of Payne's 20 punts this year have been downed inside
the 20-yard line. E-mail: jeffc@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 29, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

WORTH NOTING: Odds and ends from the NHL notebook;
 Inside NHL

BYLINE: Jeff Schultz, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 14E

LENGTH: 647 words

Roy in jam over doors

It may turn out that Patrick Roy assaulted nothing more than two doors in his
house.

Regardless, his arrest last week for investigation of misdemeanor criminal
mischief in connection with misdemeanor domestic violence is the last thing he
or the NHL wanted. Roy is one of the league's golden boys of marketing and had
just passed Terry Sawchuk on the all-time wins list. But the other day, both
Denver newspapers ran his prison mugshots and booking number. So much for the
other number, 448 (record win total), that had been painted in his goal crease
at Colorado's practice facility. Roy was handcuffed early Sunday morning and led
to jail, where he spent six hours before being released. Roy has had public
flareups before --- the TVs he wrecked in the Avs' video room two years ago, an
altercation in a Colorado Springs nightclub, the demand during a game to
Montreal president Ron Corey to trade him. But nothing like this. Roy addressed
the situation to his teammates behind closed doors but has issued only a
statement on the incident. Ray Bourque said, "We've always stuck together, and
we'll stick by Patrick because we know he's a quality person and a great family
man."

But I'm a Lynx!

Edmonton backup goalie Joaquin Gage has played for eight minor-league teams
(five AHL, three ECHL) and the Canadian national team. He could fill a book with
on-the-road stories, including the time he was in a tournament in Russia last
year and airlines employees told the Canadian national team there was no room on
the plane for equipment bags.

"They just didn't want to load the plane," Gage said. "So I'm out there throwing
our bags into the cargo area of our plane, and it's like minus-80 with the
windchill. We're all looking at each other, wondering, 'Are we supposed to
balance out the bags?'"

Gage also played five games for the Augusta Lynx of the ECHL and was under the
mistaken assumption he and a few teammates could stroll into Augusta National on
an off day.

Gage: "They stopped us at the gate. We just wanted to go in and buy some golf
shirts. I didn't realize how tough it was to get in. But when the guy comes out
and says, 'Stop,' and he's got his hand on his hip where his gun is, it's like,
'Whoa! I guess we can't go in the pro shop.' We told him who we were and he
says, 'It really doesn't matter.'"

Where to, Anson?

Every day brings a new rumored destination for Boston holdout Anson Carter.
Chicago and Carolina have been Carter's hottest pursuers. The Blackhawks offered
a first- and second-round draft pick but were turned down, though it's not
certain if Bruins GM Harry Sinden found that insufficient or he just isn't ready
to deal the forward yet. The Hurricanes reportedly might be willing to part with
center Jeff O'Neill, who is making $ 1.5 million this year as a result of an
arbitration award. Assistant Boston GM Mike O'Connell said no trade is imminent,
adding, "'If we're going to trade him, which we prefer not to, it's going to
have to be a great deal for us."

Dot dot dot

Dallas's Blake Sloan cleared waivers and was reassigned to Houston (IHL). But
don't weep for him. Because he won his arbitration case this summer, he has a
one-way contract and is making $ 550,000, more than most others in an IHL locker
room. . . . Detroit's Slava Kozlov scored one goal in his first 10 games and was
a healthy scratch the other night. Presumably, his previous demands for a $ 3
million contract have quieted. . . . Something is wrong in Detroit when Martin
Lapointe is tied for the team lead in goals (five). . . . The headline in an
Edmonton paper after Georges Laraque was in a car/motorcycle accident: "George
LaWreck." No injuries, except to Laraque's BMW. But he didn't want to keep
repeating story, so he diagrammed the accident and posted it on a bulletin board
in the Oilers' locker room.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Nowhere to run;
Buccaneers' rushing offense dips to 29th in NFL

BYLINE: By TOM BALOG tom.balog@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


As it stands today, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers have one of the worst statistical
offenses in the National Football League, hovering near the bottom of most
pertinent categories.

The stagnation of the offense is best reflected in Tampa Bay not having scored
an offensive touchdown in the past two games. The Bucs are last in the NFL in
scoring offense, averaging just 12.6 points per game.

The third 40-yards-or-less team rushing effort of the season Sunday against the
New York Giants dropped Tampa Bay two spots to 29th out of 32 teams in rushing
offense (84.9 yards per game).

And they aren't much better throwing the ball. The Bucs rank 26th (168.9 yards)
with only five passing touchdowns. They are also third-to-last in first downs
(15.1 per game) and 29th in rushing first downs with 31.

Tampa Bay's average of 22.1 rushing attempts per game ranks tied (with Miami)
for second to last in the league, ahead of only Detroit.

The 40 mph winds at Giants Stadium and the New York defense loading up to stop
the run were the two main reasons why Tampa Bay wound up throwing the ball
nearly four times as often (48) as it ran it (13) in the team's 17-3 loss to the
Giants.

"There needs to be balance and certainly a commitment to the running game," Bucs
head coach Jon Gruden said Monday.

He went on to put the blame for this loss on the team's passing game,
specifically the receivers, with two drops by Joey Galloway and one drop -- and
a key fumble -- by Michael Clayton, costing the Buccaneers possibly two
touchdowns.

"We didn't just get one good look or two good looks; we had several great looks
in the passing game," Gruden said. "If we can make a play there, or two, we
change the game."

One reason that Carnell 'Cadillac' Williams wound up with only eight carries and
20 yards rushing (16 on one carry) is that the Giants were stacked against the
run. Another is that Tampa Bay fell behind 14-0. A third is that Gruden wanted
to try to capitalize on the wind at the Bucs' backs in the second and third
quarters, which the dropped passes and the lost fumble by Williams prevented
from happening.

The Bucs had 5 yards rushing on six carries at the time the Giants scored their
second touchdown in the second quarter.

Williams had three decent rushing efforts in the previous three games -- 111, 94
and 82 yards against the Saints, Bengals and Eagles, respectively.

Gruden suggested that little of his ineffectiveness Sunday had much to do with
him as a runner.

"He looks good. I've got a lot of confidence in him," Gruden said. "We have been
behind, which has a lot to do with the stat sheet. You just can't compare
numbers. You have to compare what happened in games."

Williams is 26th in the NFL in rushing with 414 yards on 112 attempts (3.7
average), 16th in the NFC.

Buc notebook

* The long-anticipated return of QB Luke McCown could happen this week, which
could set in motion other roster moves, most likely involving QB Chris Simms,
who could be placed on injured reserve. Simms is still occupying a spot on the
Bucs' 53-man roster. The team's plans for Simms, as he recovers from a
splenectomy, is "an ongoing process," according to Gruden. "If Luke comes up, he
takes somebody's spot. Does he take Chris' spot? That'll depend on what we hear
from our trainers and the progress that Chris is making." Simms is scheduled for
a checkup this week, which will weigh heavily in the team's decision. If he goes
on injured reserve, the team likely will keep Tim Rattay, who is Gradkowski's
backup. McCown has been out since suffering a partially torn ACL in an
off-season workout back in June.Gruden said that McCown will not push Bruce
Gradkowski for the starting job.

* Gruden was not critical of Gradkowski (he had only 139 yards passing but no
interceptions) after his fourth career start. "He is missing some throws. He is
seeing a lot of defenses ... some good football teams, too," Gruden said. "And
again, he had some balls dropped ... which takes a toll on you."

* The only criticism Gruden had of the offensive line was a veiled reference to
the sack given up by left tackle Anthony Davis. "We had a great look to Ike
Hilliard and we get beat off our left side," Gruden said.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 ASSOCIATED PRESS / KATHY WILLENS Sputtering Cadillac Tampa Bay Bucs running
back Carnell "Cadillac" Williams looks for running room against the New York
Giants on Sunday at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J. Williams finished
the game with just 20 yards on eight carries.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            October 9, 2004 Saturday

LOBOS' OFFENSE IN QUESTION AGAINST FALCONS

BYLINE: TOMMY TRUJILLO

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 619 words


COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. -- At least there's room for improvement.

The University of New Mexico, sputtering on offense, gets another chance to find
its way into the end zone today in a Mountain West Conference football game
against Air Force.

But while the opportunity presents itself, so do the challenges.

The Lobos, who have failed to pass the goal line on offense in two of the past
three games, will be without starting sophomore quarterback Kole McKamey.

McKamey isn't even expected to make the trip here for the game. He was placed on
the sidelines after experiencing memory loss after Friday's 28-7 loss to
then-No. 14 Utah.

In his place, Tali Ena is given the responsibility of moving the offense,
something McKamey was unable to do against Utah, and something both McKamey and
Ena were unable to do against Oregon State. The Lobos failed to score on offense
in both games.

With the health and effectiveness of junior tailback DonTrell Moore still
unknown, the Lobos could be in trouble against the Falcons, who went from

21Ú2-point underdogs to

3-point favorites when news broke of McKamey being sidelined.

Moore did not play against Utah, and lasted just a half against New Mexico State
University on Sept. 25, when he had to leave after suffering a sprained medial
collateral ligament in his left knee.

Moore is expected to play today.

Whether it be quarterback, running back or anything else having to do with the
offense, UNM head coach Rocky Long isn't happy with any of it.

"I'm a little disappointed with how we've played on offense," he said. "I
thought we played pretty well against Washington State and Texas Tech, and I
thought we played really well against New Mexico State. But to go two games
without scoring an offensive touchdown is very disappointing. For us to get
better, players have to make plays."

The Lobos didn't make many plays against Utah, as the Utes, who have won nine
straight games, held UNM to 157 yards.

"When you go back and watch the Utah game on tape," Long said, "there's three or
four times in the game that if we make a play, and the plays are there to be
made, the momentum shifts to our side of the field."

If there's any team in the Mountain West to break out offensively against, it's
the Falcons.

Air Force gives up tons of yardage in the air and on the ground.

The Falcons are last in the league in pass efficiency defense (142.92 rating)
and scoring defense

(31.8 points per game), and second to last in rushing defense (204.2 ypg) and
total defense (414 ypg).

"We've just sort of been inconsistent throughout our football team," Air Force
head coach Fisher DeBerry said. "Sometimes that's indicative of a young football
team. We've improved as a football team, but we have some areas we need to
improve in. We are concerned about giving up that many yards."

Ena is making his first start for the Lobos. In his only extended appearance --
spelling McKamey in the second half against Oregon State -- Ena was a bust. He
finished with 29 yards on 3 of 18 passing.

UNM's leading receiver, Hank Baskett, said it doesn't make much of a difference
with him who's behind center.

"Kole and I have definitely had a rhythm together since the first day we played
together, but I catch the ball just as much from Tali in practice as well," he
said. "Tali has a cannon for a n arm and is an exceptional athlete. I'm looking
forward to receiving throws from him and hopefully we will get to go long a few
times this game."

There is a sense of urgency for both teams, although UNM is facing more
adversity with a new quarterback, a banged-up tailback and a league rivalry game
on the road.

"This is a very important football game for both teams because each of us has a
conference loss," DeBerry said.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Tali Ena
2. DonTrell Moore

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 29, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Warner and Rams should get a strong test from Titans

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 569 words


* * * * * Don't miss a snap

* * * * Could be a thriller

* * * Not bad

* * Worth a few laughs

* Go trick or treating

* * * * *

St. Louis at Tennessee: Well-rested Titans defense must
get to QB Kurt Warner vs. underrated Rams line.  . . . Could
be long day for young CBs Denard Walker and Samari Rolle vs. Rams
sprinters Isaac Bruce, Az-Zahir Hakim.  . . . Titans have
habit of losing big ones at home (Jets, Vikes in '98; Jaguars
in '97; 49ers, Panthers in '96).

* * * *

Dallas at Indianapolis: Colts have younger legs and a hot
QB, but Cowboys know how to win the big ones and DB Deion Sanders
is up to his big-play tricks again.  . . . Game will evolve
around ability of Cowboys' run-stoppers (Chad Hennings, Darren
Woodson) to keep rookie RB Edgerrin James from the corners.


San Diego at Kansas City: Chiefs' defense should feast
on weak Chargers offense, made weaker by absence of RB Natrone
Means (knee). QB Elvis Grbac must be careful vs. relentless San
Diego defense.

Minnesota at Denver: Vikings back in an offensive groove
with QB Jeff George, RB Leroy Hoard.  . . . Broncos not
what they used to be, but QB Brian Griese can ignite an offense
with his pass reads.

Seattle at Green Bay: Mike Holmgren returns with opportunist
team (13 interceptions, only two thrown), must come up with scheme
to foil QB Brett Favre's pass-heavy offense.

* * *

Buffalo at Baltimore: Frustrated Ravens can't play Brian
Billick's explosive form of offense, strictly a defensive team
that wins with big third-down plays.  . . . QB Doug Flutie
still a challenging scrambler, and Bills' defense has its days,
but not its old five-sack days.

New York Giants at Philadelphia: Improved Eagles play them
close but miss sacker Hugh Douglas.  . . . Eagles' pass
offense doesn't scare anyone but follows Andy Reid's don't-give-it-away
philosophy.  . . . Giants coming off a 321-yard, 31-point
game vs. Saints, and QB Kent Graham can throw bullets.

Miami at Oakland: Rich Gannon finally developing into solid
QB in 12th season but could be sidelined by broken wrist. . . . Start of tough
midseason for Dolphins, who will be without
QB Dan Marino for Raiders-Titans-Bills-Patriots stretch.  .
. . Dolphins must handle rookie DE Tony Bryant, Lance Johnstone
rushing from outside.

New England at Arizona: Patriots coming off bruising win
vs. Broncos in which they re-established running game with RB
Terry Allen, great downfield blocking.  . . . QB Dave Brown
makes first start in two years for punchless Cards.  . . .
Pats' defense banged up.

Tampa Bay at Detroit: Lions were more versatile, but now
QB Charlie Batch must carry offense with RB Ron Rivers out. . . . Bucs defense
will keep it close, and rookie K Martin
Gramatica already has won two games.

* *

Carolina at Atlanta: Panthers solid between the 25-yard
lines, can't finish off drives.  . . . Falcons still struggling
on offense without a running game.

Chicago at Washington: QB Brad Johnson once completed 33
passes vs. Bears, headed for best season with 12-2 TD-to-interception
ratio.  . . . Bears' QB combo of Shane Matthews-Cade McNown
isn't bad.

Jacksonville at Cincinnati: Bengals demoralized by 1-6
start with three tough games ahead.  . . . Jaguars RB Fred
Taylor returns.

*

Cleveland at New Orleans: Better show on Bourbon Street.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 10, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Jets wing it, pack playbook with passes

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C; Pro football

LENGTH: 707 words

DATELINE: HEMPSTEAD, N.Y.

HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. -- Quarterback Vinny Testaverde and the cast of New York Jets
around him are going back to the classroom.

When the Jets open the season, Testaverde will operate from the so-called West
Coast offense, a scheme of rhythm and snappy, high-percentage passes. Yet coach
Herm Edwards made it clear recently that the Jets will take shots downfield,
too, the way Joe Namath used to in the old AFL years.

"I think we're kind of young and inexperienced on the perimeter," says Paul
Hackett, the Jets new offensive coordinator. "But when you put Richie Anderson
and Wayne Chrebet and Curtis Martin in the mix, now you have the experience and
the pass-catchers."


The young receivers include Laveranues Coles, who may be the fastest Jet in club
history; Windrell Hayes, known as "Scissors" for his clean, hard routes; rookie
Santana Moss, another sprinter-type who loves that deep ball; and Matthew
Hatchette, a 6-3 free agent leaper who got tired of mopping up for Randy Moss in
Minnesota. Unfortunately, Santana Moss will miss half the season after knee
surgery last week.

Anderson is the best pass-catching fullback in pro football. Martin, a
1,000-yard runner, caught 70 passes last year. Chrebet led the wideouts with 69
catches.

So Testaverde has more speed and skilled hands around him than in past years,
when the Jets tried to live off the medium-range pass and Martin's elusive legs.
But can Testaverde, after sitting in that summer classroom with professor
Hackett, thrive in the West Coast offense as a 60% passer?

"The ingredients for the high percentage and the ingredients for the run after
the catch are all here," Hackett says. "And trying to find that vertical element
to integrate as part of our offense is going to be very important."

Mention the West Coast offense, and it suggests little slant-ins and screens and
rollouts. That's the original West Coast system that Hackett learned from Bill
Walsh during summer camps in the late 1960s, when Walsh coached the Cincinnati
quarterbacks.

"I was a Bill Walsh fan," recalls Hackett, then a 22-year-old freshman coach at
Cal-Davis. "A couple of nights I slept in a bed in his room. So the Walsh
offense was a huge part of my life early on. Then he went to San Diego and then
San Francisco. Then, all of a sudden, I found myself working for him."

Hackett says the arrival of Joe Montana with the 49ers, and later Jerry Rice,
gave a new twist.

"The original version we learned was that the quarterback learns a very specific
rhythm," Hackett says. "And Montana was the most successful because he was so
dancer-like almost. With Joe, it became an offense where the quarterback moved
around. The 'nakeds' and the 'keeps' and the bootlegs became more a part of it."


Rice, a big-game receiver, added the vertical threat. "What Jerry did was allow
Joe to grow in the offense," Hackett says. "He was the bonus guy, the vertical
guy."

Testaverde has "been like a sponge," as Hackett says, while learning the tricks
of the offense. Somebody asked Testaverde, who broke in with Tampa Bay in 1987,
when he first heard mention of the West Coast offense.

"It's many years ago," he says. "I had no idea what it was about. Obviously, you
learned from watching Montana play and (Steve) Young and (Brett) Favre."

In an 11-on-11 session, Hackett gives the defense six different looks and a lot
of motion on the first half-dozen snaps. Testaverde and backup Chad Pennington
throw short 11 times in the 18-play period. Yet there also are deep balls to
Coles and Moss. Indeed, Edwards continually singles out Moss, identifying him as
"No. 83," perhaps because of that other Moss in Minnesota.

Edwards promises the Jets will wing it downfield, using Moss and Coles on go
routes. As Hatchette says, "When it's third-and-13, you can't throw a 5-yard
hitch."

The Jets would like a game with 35 runs and 30 passes. They have enough skill
players to operate a version of the West Coast.

"I told Paul, 'Throw it and don't worry about it; if it's incomplete, it's
incomplete,' " says Edwards, sounding very much like Weeb Ewbank before the
Jets' Super Bowl win. "Our team is going to take shots up the field."

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Ed Betz, AP (2); Like a sponge": Vinny Testaverde is
spending time in the classroom learning the West Coast system with new Jets
offensive coordinator Paul Hackett. One goal is to improve his passing
percentage. Promising target: Rookie receiver Santana Moss, a sprinter who likes
the deep pass, should be ready to play by the second half of the season.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 28, 2010 Wednesday

cowboys alter offense

BYLINE: John Shinn, The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 787 words


July 28--IRVING, Texas --  Oklahoma State has altered its offense for the 2010
season. The Cowboys, who had run a balanced style since Mike Gundy took over in
2005, will go to the spread this season.

Gundy said the decision was made because it should make recruiting easier.

"If you look at the areas that we recruit in -- Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas and
Louisiana -- most of the offenses have a number of wide receivers who can make
plays and running backs," Gundy said. "There's not as many tight ends. There's
not as many fullbacks to recruit.

"We believe that the success in college football is all about the players you
bring in, and there's a greater pool to choose from in this type of offense than
what we played in the past."

Scoring points hasn't been a problem for the Cowboys during Gundy's tenure.
They've averaged at least 28 points a game over the last four seasons.

But there was another reason for the change going into this season.

The Cowboys will have a new starting quarterback (Brandon Weeden) and three new
starters on the offensive line.

"They didn't play much last year, so they didn't have as much of an adjustment,"
Gundy said. "They just had to learn the scheme."

Like old times

Weeden, a junior, is 26 years old and came to Oklahoma State after spending four
years playing professional baseball. Weeden, who was a pitcher, said the
Cowboys' new offense reminds him of his days playing baseball.

"In this offense, I feel like I'm pitching a baseball game again," Weeden said.
"It's my job to get us in the right play, just like I had to shake off the wrong
pitch. It's very comparable."

Back on two feet

Missouri quarterback Blain Gabbert was solid last season, throwing for 24
touchdowns with only nine interceptions. But he was turned into a pocket passer
after suffering an ankle injury in the fifth game of the season against
Nebraska.

Gabbert said his improved health should show on the field this season, but
playing on a bad ankle last season helped, too.

"It was difficult last year not being able to do what I wanted to do. I couldn't
run the ball. I couldn't get outside of the pocket," Gabbert said. "I helped to
focus on the little things. I had to stay in the pocket and make better reads.
Those things made me better."

Missouri coach Gary Pinkel had no problems with Gabbert's play last season, but
is expecting bigger things from the junior.

"I thought he did a lot of good things (last season)," the coach said. "I expect
him to up his game with the experience factor."

Leaner Tigers

Pinkel said Missouri focused on becoming leaner and quicker in the offseason.
The decision resulted from seeing former players who'd gone on to the NFL return
in the offseason at lighter weights than they carried while in college.

"Those guys were coming back leaner than what we had them," Pinkel said. "We had
all the statistics, and we had all the body fat and all body composition
evaluations. They just kind of felt -- they (the NFL) lean them up a little bit
more than what we did.

"We decided to look at our players and learn from that."

Thursday night kickoffs

Four Big 12 Conference games will be played on Thursday night for ESPN. Oklahoma
State will host Texas A&M on Sept. 30. Kansas State will host Nebraska on Oct.
7. Kansas will host Kansas State on Oct. 14 and Texas hosts Texas A&M on Nov. 25
(Thanksgiving night).

Wildcat coach Bill Snyder said he wished every game could be played on
Saturdays, but national exposure is too important to pass up.

"It's part of the TV-driven direction that college football has gone," he said.
"I think it's great for the viewing audience. I can appreciate it in that
respect."

No rotation

Texas Tech has the most-watched quarterback battle in the Big 12 brewing. Taylor
Potts and Steven Sheffield both played last season. Both are seniors and both
put up solid numbers.

Tuberville said he would name a definitive starter prior to the season opener.

"We will not have a rotating quarterback," the coach said.

Neither went through spring practice due to injuries, so what they do when
practice begins next week will be the deciding factor.

"I want to get at least two scrimmages with both," Tuberville said. "It's going
to be tough to make a decision, but one will stand out."

John Shinn 366-3536 jshinn@normantranscript.com

To see more of The Norman Transcript or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.normantranscript.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Norman Transcript,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100728-NQ-cowboys-alter-offense-20100728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2010 The Norman Transcript


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          September 28, 1996 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Where's the beef? Huskers' line knows slump hurts offense

BYLINE: KEN HAMBLETON Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 968 words


There is no hiding, no ducking the question, no avoiding the issue.

"The offensive line must play better and get the running game going or who knows
what will happen."

Nebraska Coach Tom Osborne may have thought it. Cornhusker offensive line coach
Milt Tenopir may be thinking it.

But it was Nebraska starting right tackle Eric Anderson who said it this week,
as the no-longer No. 1, but No. 8-ranked Huskers prepared for Colorado State in
today's 11:38 a.m. game at Memorial Stadium.

"We take pride in our position and we know the running game, the passing game
and anything else we want to do on offense starts with us up front," he said.

Anderson and Nebraska center Aaron Taylor said changes will show this week as
Nebraska tries to fight back from it's first loss since Jan. 2, 1994, and it's
first regular-season loss since November of 1992.

The two-time defending national champion Huskers are 106th of 111 teams in
passing offense, 51st in rushing offense, 97th in total offense and 40th in
scoring. Not typical for the team with four national rushing titles in the last
five years. And when last year's national scoring champion was shut out last
week at Arizona State, it appeared something was dreadfully wrong with the
offense.

"It's interesting what people say about us, pointing fingers and trying to lay
the blame, because we have to set the pace for the offense," Anderson said.
"People ask why we lost and the answer is simple  -  we got outplayed by Arizona
State that night. It doesn't usually happen to the Nebraska offensive lines.

"They brought a lot of people at us, sneaking the safeties up on us and
outnumbering us on a lot of plays," he said. "And our offense didn't do well.
They gambled a lot and we never got the one play, out of several chances, to
break things loose.

"And for us in the line, it was a matter of execution. I had two false starts
myself."

So, the Nebraska offensive line went back to the basics this week in practice.

Fundamentals in technique in footwork and blocking were the course-work this
week, Taylor said.

"Everybody had to go through the starting steps in the line this week," he said.
"We know we can get the job done if we do the things we're supposed to do and
avoid the mistakes."

Taylor said his bottom feeling came when he snapped the ball over quarterback
Scott Frost's head and Arizona State scored its second safety of the game.

"It was a silent count and I was supposed to watch for Scott to lift his leg,"
Taylor said. "Well, he did, but he was leaning over to yell something at the
receiver. I checked the defense, snapped the ball, heard the crowd go crazy and
thought, "Oh, no!' I hadn't done that since I moved to center last spring.

"But it was just another mistake for the line, and it wasn't the last either."

Taylor said he and Chris Dishman (starting left guard) need to make personal
improvements to get the entire offensive line up to previous standards.

"I'm not one of the top centers in the country and Dish is not one of the top
guards," he said. "We just moved last spring (Taylor from guard and Dishman from
tackle) and the idea was to get the best five athletes on the field.

"We can and will get better. It will show this week, next week and the rest of
the season. And when we get that high level of execution from tackle to tackle,
without the breakdowns, you'll see the holes open up and the yards pile up."

Taylor said he noticed the fans blasting Frost, the running backs and even the
defense after last week's loss.

"The loss was a team effort, a win is a team effort. But it starts up front with
us," he said. "With the high expectations came some pretty low blows. Some
people jumped off the bandwagon, some will jump back on.

"We can't concern ourselves with that, but we can provide the reason for people
to jump back on and to keep their high expectations. When we block better, the
fumbles are cut down. When we open bigger holes, we get more yards. When we
protect better, the quarterback has time to find the receivers.

"When we break down, just one guy breaks down, the whole thing gets a lot
harder. Our job it to make things easier for everybody this week," Taylor said.

NOTES

* Colorado State's free safety Myron Terry is questionable with a sprained knee
and defensive tackle Rob Cieslinski is doubtful with a knee bruise. Nebraska is
expected to have everyone on the two-deep roster available for the game.

* Former Nebraska quarterback Tommie Frazier will work with the Big 12 Network
television broadcast of the Nebraska-Colorado State game (11:30 a.m., KOLN/KGIN
10/11, KMTV 3).

* Nebraska has contacted but has not received a contract for a 1997
non-conference game with Central Florida, which just this season became an NCAA
Division I-A team.

The Cornhuskers have been seeking two opponents since Arkansas State and
Northern Illinois dropped off the 1997 schedule.

COLORADO STATE (2-2) at NEBRASKA (1-1)

* Kickoff  - 11:38 a.m., Memorial Stadium.

* TV  - Liberty Sports (KOLN/KGIN 10/11, KMTV 3)

* Radio  - Nebraska Sports Network with Warren Swain, Adrian Fiala and Jerry
Tagge (KLIN 1400, KFGE 98.1, KGDE 101.9), and UNL student broadcast (KRNU 90.3)

* Notes  - Nebraska is seeking to end a one-game losing streak. The last time
Nebraska had a regular-season losing streak that long, the Huskers bounced back
from a loss at Iowa State with a 33-9 victory at Oklahoma. The last time
Nebraska suffered a losing streak of more than one game was in 1990 with
back-to-back losses to Oklahoma and Georgia Tech, and the last time for
regular-season back-to-back losses was in 1976 (Iowa State and Oklahoma). ...
Nebraska is seeking to become the fifth school in the country to have 700
victories, joining Michigan, Notre Dame, Texas and Alabama. ... Nebraska is
looking for its 210th consecutive home game sellout, dating back to 1962.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Against Michigan State, Nebraska's offensive line - tight end Tim
Carpenter (90), left guard Chris Dishman (75), left tackle Adam Treu (77),
center Aaron Taylor (67), right guard Jon Zatechka (64) and right tackle Eric
Anderson (70) - struggles to control the line of scrimmage as fullback Joel
Makovicka (45) carries the ball through the line after a handoff from Scott
Frost (7). color football action photo, by GAIL FOLDA/ Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1996 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 10, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

NOTEBOOK;
Fencing In Offense With Triple Post

David Aldridge, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE C6

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND, Ore., June 9


Tex Winter recalled the letter he got from a farmer in Kansas, asking about
those triple-post fences he was putting in.

"I told him, it doesn't have anything to do with fences, sir, it has to do with
basketball," said Winter, the former Kansas State head coach and now a Chicago
Bulls assistant coach. You've seen his handiwork with the Bulls for several
seasons, because it's his "triple post" offense that Chicago has run since Phil
Jackson took over as coach.

The triple post has been around as long as Winter has been coaching -- about 40
years. It is a "passing and screening" offense, Winter says, designed to allow
the offense to read what the defense is doing.

Three men play on the same side as the basketball (creating the "triangle" it is
sometimes known as). Two men are opposite. The three on the basketball side are
in constant movement, setting picks and screens for one another, forcing the
opposition to always be on the defensive and react.

The offense doesn't have universal admiration. Michael Jordan has criticized it;
most of the Bulls took the better of part of last season to pick it up. It is
much more structured than some would like, leaving much less room for
improvisation.

But General Manager Jerry Krause claims Chicago has just scratched the surface
of what the triple post can do.

"Any offense is stoppable," Winter said. " . . . But if you get great execution
and you have the athletes who have the skills necessary to make it successful,
it puts that much more pressure on the defense. They better be pretty good."

Not Bullish on Billboard

Controversy! Drama! Pathos! A local billboard featured Scottie Pippen in an
advertisement for AT&T.

Seems the locals took exception to the billboard, which said something like
"Barcelona has never seen a Bull like this before," a reference to Pippen's
Olympic basketball team status. They wanted Clyde Drexler, who doesn't have a
deal with AT&T. The billboard lasted two days before it came down Friday.

Said Pippen: "The billboard wasn't for the NBA Finals, it was for the Olympics.
Hey, that's the way the ball bounces. It's no big deal." . . .

The Bulls have not been thrilled with bench production from guard B.J.
Armstrong.

Asked if Armstrong's ready to start, Coach Phil Jackson said: "I'm sure he is,
if you ask him, but I'm not sure I can say that, to tell you the truth. I think
B.J.'s been very fortunate to get those 23 minutes a game, and be in a system
where we can feature his style of game. He's on the floor with a lot of scorers.
He doesn't have to play heavy minutes where they can break him down."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 8, 1980 Saturday

Backfield pair leading league   Atlanta's double-edged offence should prevail in
battle of   birds

BYLINE: AL STRACHAN; GAM

LENGTH: 1043 words


By  AL STRACHAN
 THINGS WENT pretty much according to form last week, with the only real
 shocker being Minnesota's massacre of Washington. In theory, this should
 be an easy week to pick winners. But the National Football League often
 forgets theory. Here are the fearless predictions for this week.

Atlanta at St. Louis - Best bet. The Falcons had a couple of early
 season upsets, but are riding a three-game winning streak. William Andrews
 and Lynn Cain have combined for more rushing yardage than any other NFL
 combo. Steve Bartkowski is having a great year teaming up with rookie
 tight end Junior Miller. It would be a blowout except for one thing - the
 Falcons have a bunch of injuries. Winner - Atlanta; take Atlanta minus 2.

Buffalo at New York Jets - The Bills won the first meeting 20-10 and
 need this one badly to stay in the race. The Jets, meanwhile, were a bad
 team to start with and a string of injuries haven't made them any better.
 The Bills have a balanced attack and should be able to exploit the Jets'
 highly suspect defences. And the home advantage? The Jets are 1-4 at Shea.
 Winner - Buffalo; take Buffalo minus 3 1/2.

Cincinnati at Oakland - The Raiders won with defence last week and with
 offence the week before. The Bengals have been suffering from a lack of
 offence and Jack Thompson may start at quarterback to replace Ken
 Anderson. The Raiders narrowly missed covering the spread last week but
 that's the only time since Jim Plunkett replaced Dan Pastorini that
 they've done so. And they won all four games. Winner - Oakland; take
 Oakland minus 6 1/2.

Cleveland at Baltimore - On paper, the Browns should win here. But
 sport is mental as well. The Browns had a big game on U.S. national TV on
 Monday and play the Steelers next week. They'll have a tendency to look
 past this game. Also, the Colts seem to be back on form. Bert Jones was
 sacked 12 times two weeks ago and not at all last week. The Colts should
 win but not in a romp. Winner - Baltimore; take Cleveland plus 3 1/2.

Dallas at N.Y. Giants - The Cowboys' offence has been struggling but
 there's nothing like a game against the Giants to bring an offence to
 life. The Dallas defence, meanwhile, has been sharp and will be on Giant
 QB Phil Simms all day. His favorite receiver, Danny Pittman, is out with
 an injury. The Giants have lost eight consecutive games and 12 in a row to
 Dallas. No unlucky 13 here. Winner - Dallas; take Dallas minus 10.

Denver at San Diego - Here's another potential blowout. The Chargers
 love to pick on weak teams and the Broncos qualify. The running attack was
 already anemic but, with Otis Armstrong out, it's non-existent. The teams
 met earlier in the year and San Diego won 30-13. And that was in Denver.
 The Chargers haven't scored less than 24 points in any game this year. The
 Broncos reached that plateau once. Winner - San Diego; take San Diego
 minus 8 1/2.

Detroit at Minnesota - Anyone thinking of betting on this would be
 wiser to flip a coin and save the vigorish. The spread has fluctuated
 wildly all week as rumors of Detroit dissension come and go. Almost
 forgotten in all this is the fact that the Lions barely beat the 49ers
 last week and that most of the offensive line is either out or playing
 hurt. If you must make a selection, go with the home team. Winner -
 Minnesota; take Minnesota even.

Kansas City at Seattle - The Chiefs allowed 10 quarterback sacks last
 week and didn't get any. If they repeat that pattern against Jim Zorn and
 the Seahawks, they'll get hammered. Seattle hasn't won at home all year
 but it is too good to allow  that streak to go on forever. The Seahawks
 beat the Chiefs 17-16 in Kansas City. They should be able to open it up
 with the home advantage. Winner - Seattle. Take Seattle minus 3.

Miami at Los Angeles - Vince Ferragamo is still without a contract and
 is trying to prove his value. The Dolphins have shown very little all
 season and the season is already all but over. The Rams are tied with
 Atlanta for first place and know they can't afford to blow any easy games.
 And this one is about as easy as they come. Winner - Los Angeles; take Los
 Angeles minus 10.

Philadelphia at New Orleans - The Eagles probably will continue to play
 without Wilbert Montgomery, who is near recuperation from a knee injury.
 The winless Saints keep coming up with good halves but only at the rate of
 one a game. It's a matchup of the team with the best record against the
 team with the worst record. An upset is always possible but this should be
 an easy one for Philly. Winner - Philadelphia; take Philadelphia minus 9
  1/2.

Pittsburgh at Tampa Bay - The Buccaneers looked good last week against
 the Giants, but who doesn't? Most of the Steelers' injured players are
 back in the lineup and, once again, the defence is starting to play with
 some degree of authority. The Steelers produce their best efforts against
 physical football teams and the Bucs certainly fall into that category.
 Winner - Pittsburgh; take Pittsburgh minus 6.

San Francisco at Green Bay - This is the upset special of the week. The
 Pack lost four more starters last week and spent the week running around
 trying to find linebackers. Steve DeBerg has won back the quarterback job
 from Joe Montana and will want to show that coach Bill Walsh made the
 right decision. Winner - San Francisco; take San Francisco plus 4.

Washington at Chicago - The Redskins have a terrible defensive record
 against the run and the Bears are primarily a running team. Even
 quarterback Vince Evans is a better runner than passer. Washington
 absorbed a thumping at the hands of the Vikings last week to all but
 eliminate them from playoff contention. Neither team has much to play for,
 but at least the Bears will have the home crowd. Winner - Chicago; take
 Chicago minus 3 1/2.

New England at Houston - Since l977, the Oilers have racked up a 12-1
 record in November and they tend to come up with their better performances
 on Monday nights. Furthermore, they've been looking like the Oilers of old
 since they acquired Dave Casper. The Patriots are having a fine season but
 quarterback Steve Grogan is still too erratic. Winner - Houston; take
 Houston minus 3.
                     W-L last week 12-2; season 74-51-1.
                    Against spread 7-5-2; season 61-61-4.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Roberts named All-American

BYLINE: Steve LeMaster, The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 238 words


Nov. 25--MYRTLE BEACH SC -- Prestonsburg High School freshman Zack Roberts has
been named an Offense-Defense All-American and invited to participate in the
10th annual Offense-Defense Bowl Week festivities at Municipal Stadium in
Daytona Beach, Fla.

Roberts, a running back for Prestonsburg High School, was selected for this
honor from a group of young athletes numbering in the thousands from across the
country and played well, representing Prestonsburg, easily validating the Bowl
Selection Committee's choice in tabbing him for the showcase event.

The Offense-Defense All-American Showcase Bowl is part of a week-long series of
events including the 10th annual Offense-Defense All-American Bowl, an All-State
football game showcasing 80 of the top high school seniors in the country. In
the past, the Offense-Defense All-American Showcase Bowl has featured current
NFL players such as Cam Newton, Joe Haden, Earl Thomas and Dez Bryant, among
others, before they were collegiate and later professional stars.

Offense-Defense Sports has been conducting full-contact football instructional
camps for the past 45 years and currently operates in approximately 40 camp
locations nationwide every spring and summer. For more information, visit
http://www.o-d.com.

___ (c)2015 The Floyd County Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) Visit The Floyd County
Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) at www.floydcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151125-QO-Roberts-named-All-American-1125-20151125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QO


            Copyright 2015 The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             August 10, 2014 Sunday

Shades of 2012: Browns' offence for Manziel resembles Redskins' offence for
Griffin

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 694 words


DETROIT - There was the pistol formation. There were option plays. There was
Kyle Shanahan calling the shots from the sideline for a rookie quarterback with
a Heisman Trophy on his college football resume and enormous expectations for
his NFL career. There were postgame questions for the young quarterback and the
head coach about how long the quarterback can last playing this way.

Sound familiar?

Scenes from the 2012 Washington Redskins with Robert Griffin III?

Nope. It was Saturday night at Ford Field with Johnny Manziel making his
preseason debut for the Cleveland Browns.

Manziel 2014, at least on opening night, looked an awful lot like Griffin 2012.
The common denominator, of course, is Shanahan, the former Redskins offensive
coordinator who, along with his father Mike, designed the offence for Griffin's
rookie season in Washington that borrowed elements from the college game to take
advantage of Griffin's varied skills. After the Shanahans were ousted in D.C.
following a tumultuous, three-win 2013 season, Kyle landed in Cleveland
overseeing the Browns' offence for first-year head coach Mike Pettine.

Last week, Redskins veterans wondered how closely Shanahan's offence for Manziel
as a rookie would resemble his offence for Griffin as a rookie. Based on
Saturday's early returns, the answer appears to be: rather closely.

Manziel's play Saturday wasn't perfect. He missed some reads in the passing
game. Not all of his throws were delivered on time. Even so, he showed promise.
Playing with and against backups, he demonstrated elusiveness as a runner and he
seemed to grow more comfortable and more confident in the pocket as a passer as
the night progressed. He completed seven of 11 passes and he ran for 27 yards on
six carries.

But he also took some hits and was examined on the sideline at one point by the
team's medical staff. Both Pettine and Manziel were questioned by reporters
afterward about Manziel's number of rushing attempts.

"That's something that we've talked about that he's got to adapt somewhat, that
he can't always look to run," Pettine said. "But I'm sure some of the situations
tonight he didn't have much choice."

The Redskins won the NFC East in Griffin's rookie season. He was the NFL's
offensive rookie of the year. But the season ended with him failing to finish a
playoff game and then undergoing knee surgery. Those who supported the way
Griffin was used pointed out that his injuries that season didn't result from
plays that were designed for him to run, but from his improvisations. Other
observers who think a quarterback can't last in the NFL as a regular runner
maintained that wasn't the point; the point, in their view, was that Griffin
simply was being exposed to too many hits and facing too much risk of injury.

Mike Shanahan spoke in the offseason after Griffin's rookie year about Griffin
learning to protect himself better by developing an improved sense of when to
slide, run out of bounds or throw the ball away to avoid hits. Manziel did
demonstrate some savvy Saturday in protecting himself as a runner.

"Obviously, that's not the plan for me to get that many carries every week, I
would say," he said. "But at the same time, the more and more I get better at
the progressions, the more and more I get comfortable with the play calls and
the scheme and what we're trying to do and pre-snap looks, the more and more I
continue to get better over time ... hopefully that'll weed out. So I think,
obviously, if it was a full game I would have had some more runs tonight,
obviously. But the times I did take off, I felt like I got out of bounds, slid
and tried to protect myself in the best way that I could. I feel fine."

Pettine wasn't drawing any conclusions, at least not for public consumption,
about his team's quarterback competition based on the play Saturday of Brian
Hoyer and Manziel. After Hoyer started Saturday, it would make sense for Manziel
to get his turn as the starter in the Browns' next preseason game in a week
against the Redskins at FedEx Field in Landover, Maryland. But Pettine said
Saturday night that decision hadn't been made yet. Manziel said he's focused on
learning and improving.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                             August 10, 2014 Sunday

Shades of 2012: Browns' offence for Manziel resembles Redskins' offence for
Griffin

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 694 words


DETROIT - There was the pistol formation. There were option plays. There was
Kyle Shanahan calling the shots from the sideline for a rookie quarterback with
a Heisman Trophy on his college football resume and enormous expectations for
his NFL career. There were postgame questions for the young quarterback and the
head coach about how long the quarterback can last playing this way.

Sound familiar?

Scenes from the 2012 Washington Redskins with Robert Griffin III?

Nope. It was Saturday night at Ford Field with Johnny Manziel making his
preseason debut for the Cleveland Browns.

Manziel 2014, at least on opening night, looked an awful lot like Griffin 2012.
The common denominator, of course, is Shanahan, the former Redskins offensive
coordinator who, along with his father Mike, designed the offence for Griffin's
rookie season in Washington that borrowed elements from the college game to take
advantage of Griffin's varied skills. After the Shanahans were ousted in D.C.
following a tumultuous, three-win 2013 season, Kyle landed in Cleveland
overseeing the Browns' offence for first-year head coach Mike Pettine.

Last week, Redskins veterans wondered how closely Shanahan's offence for Manziel
as a rookie would resemble his offence for Griffin as a rookie. Based on
Saturday's early returns, the answer appears to be: rather closely.

Manziel's play Saturday wasn't perfect. He missed some reads in the passing
game. Not all of his throws were delivered on time. Even so, he showed promise.
Playing with and against backups, he demonstrated elusiveness as a runner and he
seemed to grow more comfortable and more confident in the pocket as a passer as
the night progressed. He completed seven of 11 passes and he ran for 27 yards on
six carries.

But he also took some hits and was examined on the sideline at one point by the
team's medical staff. Both Pettine and Manziel were questioned by reporters
afterward about Manziel's number of rushing attempts.

"That's something that we've talked about that he's got to adapt somewhat, that
he can't always look to run," Pettine said. "But I'm sure some of the situations
tonight he didn't have much choice."

The Redskins won the NFC East in Griffin's rookie season. He was the NFL's
offensive rookie of the year. But the season ended with him failing to finish a
playoff game and then undergoing knee surgery. Those who supported the way
Griffin was used pointed out that his injuries that season didn't result from
plays that were designed for him to run, but from his improvisations. Other
observers who think a quarterback can't last in the NFL as a regular runner
maintained that wasn't the point; the point, in their view, was that Griffin
simply was being exposed to too many hits and facing too much risk of injury.

Mike Shanahan spoke in the offseason after Griffin's rookie year about Griffin
learning to protect himself better by developing an improved sense of when to
slide, run out of bounds or throw the ball away to avoid hits. Manziel did
demonstrate some savvy Saturday in protecting himself as a runner.

"Obviously, that's not the plan for me to get that many carries every week, I
would say," he said. "But at the same time, the more and more I get better at
the progressions, the more and more I get comfortable with the play calls and
the scheme and what we're trying to do and pre-snap looks, the more and more I
continue to get better over time ... hopefully that'll weed out. So I think,
obviously, if it was a full game I would have had some more runs tonight,
obviously. But the times I did take off, I felt like I got out of bounds, slid
and tried to protect myself in the best way that I could. I feel fine."

Pettine wasn't drawing any conclusions, at least not for public consumption,
about his team's quarterback competition based on the play Saturday of Brian
Hoyer and Manziel. After Hoyer started Saturday, it would make sense for Manziel
to get his turn as the starter in the Browns' next preseason game in a week
against the Redskins at FedEx Field in Landover, Maryland. But Pettine said
Saturday night that decision hadn't been made yet. Manziel said he's focused on
learning and improving.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             October 4, 2009 Sunday

Inman: Raiders offense lacks leaders

BYLINE: By Cam Inman Bay Area News Group

SECTION: SPORTS; Raiders; News; Football

LENGTH: 723 words


HOUSTON   One glaring problem with the Raiders' doomsday offense is its lack of
leadership.

Why else would defensive end Greg Ellis be the one huddling up the offense on
the sideline during the first half of Sunday's 29-6, Texas-sized whipping by the
Houston Texans?

Because quarterback JaMarcus Russell hasn't shown the willingness to do so in
between his erratic passes.

Because running backs Darren McFadden and Michael Bush are too young (and
combined for just 7 yards rushing Sunday).

Because the young wide receivers are too busy dropping passes (nine, by the head
coach's count).

Because the offensive line is a jumbled mess without veteran guard Robert
Gallery (broken leg).

And because the head coach, Tom Cable, is losing an all-too-familiar fight (no
pun intended) as this franchise keeps finding ways to hurt itself.

So there was Ellis, a 12-year NFL veteran, standing in front of the Raiders'
bench and telling the offense how it is. This came 10 minutes before halftime,
with the Raiders down only 13-3.

For the fourth time in five series, the offense had just taken three snaps and
summoned punter Shane Lechler. This time, however, the Raiders' three-and-out
series consisted of three passes going in and out of rookie receiver Louis
Murphy's hands.

It was the perfect time for someone to take charge before this began resembling
all those blowouts we have seen since 2003. That Ellis was the one to speak up
is both encouraging (for his sake) and disturbing (for the offense's).

"He's been on good teams, so he knows what it takes," tight end Zach Miller
said.

Therein rests a key fault with so many young Raiders on offense: This is the
only team they know, and they don't have anyone credible enough to rally them in
dire times.

"(Ellis) was just telling the offense to play with heart and make it matter to
you, that each guy has to do his own job and don't try to do too much," Miller
said. "He's a good leader for the team.

"When things start going like that, a defensive guy can say what he wants, but
our offense has to go out there and be the ones to get a drive going and score
points. We didn't do that. How much is a leadership thing? I don't know. If we
play like that, we're not going to win any games."

They certainly won't be favored to win any before their Nov. 8 bye. They're
sitting ducks for the New York Giants, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Jets and
San Diego Chargers.

Ellis came to Oakland   after 11 seasons with the Dallas Cowboys   with hopes of
rebuilding the Raiders. He has credibility, and he had the offense's attention
during his sideline speech (although Russell didn't look too interested while
standing behind him).

Said Ellis: "It's just team talk. It's just, 'Guys, let's hang in there. Keep
playing together. A higher concentration level. Catch the ball. Little things
like that.' I'm not the one that's going to finger-point to anybody, but it's
just what I see. And that's concentrate a little bit more. We can do it."

How did Russell cope Sunday?

"He seemed calm," rookie wide receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey said. "He seemed like
JaMarcus always (is): poise in the huddle, calling plays and running this
offense the way it needs to be run."

Actually, that offense couldn't have been run much worse than Sunday's showing.
Russell (12 of 33, 128 yards, one fumble) wasn't the worst offender, and that
should tell you how bad his supporting cast was.

McFadden had six carries for minus-3 yards, while Bush had three carries for 10
yards and a fumble. Justin Fargas had 10 carries for 24 yards but also got
dropped in the end zone for a safety.

That wasn't Fargas' fault. The Raiders' horrible line   Cable's baby   allowed
the Texans to push their way 5 yards deep into the end zone to wall off Fargas.

The Raiders have gained the fewest yards in the league, and their 42 points all
season are six fewer than Chicago scored Sunday against Detroit.

"Look at all that potential. They just haven't jelled yet," Texans linebacker
Brian Cushing said of the Raiders. "They have an explosive offense, especially
with the three backs they've got, the good receivers, a good tight end and a
quarterback with an arm like that."

If all that is true, if the talent really is there, then a leader eventually
will emerge, but only after he plays his way into that role. Any takers?

Contact Cam Inman at www.twitter.com/CamInman.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Houston Texans running back Steve Slaton (20) breaks free from Oakland
Raiders cornerback Tyvon Branch (33) to score a touchdown during the second
quarter of a NFL football game Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. (AP Photo/Dave
Einsel)
Oakland Raiders quarterback JaMarcus Russell (2) tries to stay beyond the reach
of Houston Texans defensive end Antonio Smith (94) during the second quarter of
a NFL football game Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. (AP Photo/Dave Einsel)
Houston Texans linebacker Brian Cushing (56) tackles Oakland Raiders running
back Justin Fargas (25) in the end zone for a safety during the third quarter of
a NFL football game Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. (AP Photo/Dave Einsel)
Houston Texans linebacker Brian Cushing (56) pressures Oakland Raiders
quarterback JaMarcus Russell (2) during the third quarter of a NFL football game
Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Louis Murphy (18) is tackled by Houston Texans
cornerback Dunta Robinson (23) during the third quarter of a NFL football game
Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. The Texans beat the Raiders 29-6. (AP
Photo/David J. Phillip)
Houston Texans wide receiver Jacoby Jones (12) returns a kick 95 yards for a
touchdown during the third quarter of a NFL football game against the Oakland
Raiders Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. The Texans beat the Raiders 29-6. (AP
Photo/David J. Phillip)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   February 28, 2001 Wednesday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SOURCE: From News Services

SECTION: News; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 932 words


Father condoles with victims of crash that killed 4

The Hollywood director whose son is accused of killing four pedestrians in a
weekend car crash offered condolences Tuesday to the victims' loved ones. "I
just want to say how devastated and heartbroken we are for everybody who's been
affected by this --- this very horrible tragedy," said Daniel Attias, speaking
after a brief court appearance by his son, David, a University of California,
Santa Barbara freshman. Attias, 18, is accused of crashing his car late Friday
near the university, killing four people and critically injuring a fifth.

Witnesses said he yelled afterward, "I am the angel of death." A resident
videotaped dozens of students surrounding the driver until police arrived.
Attias has been charged with four counts of murder, four counts of gross
vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated and five counts of driving while under
the influence of drugs, causing great bodily injury. Police were awaiting test
results to determine whether he had used drugs or alcohol. Tuesday's arraignment
was delayed. The elder Attias has directed episodes of "Ally McBeal," "The
Practice" and "The Sopranos."

Ex-accuser of parents ends suit against officials A young woman who said she was
pressured to falsely accuse her parents in one of the nation's most lurid child
molestation cases has settled her lawsuit against authorities for $77,500. Sarah
Marie Doggett, 22, will receive $52,500 from Washington state and $25,000 from
the city of Wenatchee, with neither government admitting wrongdoing. Doggett is
the daughter of Carol and Mark Doggett, whose child molestation convictions were
overturned on appeal in 1997. They were two of 43 adults arrested in a largely
discredited 1994-95 Wenatchee child sex abuse investigation led by former
Detective Bob Perez. All 18 people sent to prison in the case have been released
on appeal or through post-conviction plea agreements.

Jeb Bush: Florida facing worst drought in years Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and state
officials Tuesday held a summit to discuss the state's worst drought in 200
years. Bush warned that the drought could affect every facet of life, from
rivers running dry to wildfires like the ones that closed 10 miles of I-4, the
main road between Tampa and Orlando. "It's going to get worse," Bush said. "It's
not going to get better for the next four or five months." Climate experts do
not expect relief from the drought through August, well into what should have
been the summer rainy season, said Steve Seiberg, the state's community affairs
secretary. State officials warned that the drought could have serious
consequences for Florida industries ranging from tourism to high-tech.

Affidavit gives details about espionage suspect Federal prosecutors released new
details Tuesday of spying suspect Robert Philip Hanssen's activities, including
a letter in which Hanssen warned his alleged Russian handlers the day of his
arrest that "something has aroused the sleeping tiger." Guns and ammunition were
found in Hanssen's home, including an AK-47 and 13 handguns and pistols,
according to the results of a search warrant. According to a new affidavit, the
FBI recovered a computer disk from a package Hanssen dropped Feb. 18 at a
Virginia park that contained a coded letter. In the letter, Hanssen seems to
signal that his relationship with the Russians is at an end because, he says, he
has received a new position excluding him from obtaining sensitive documents.

Massachusetts teachers can restrain students Public school teachers with the
proper training will be allowed to physically restrain unruly students under new
guidelines approved Tuesday by the state Board of Education. Board members said
the decision makes Massachusetts one of the first states to allow teachers to
restrain children. The guidelines allow teachers to hold only students who
threaten themselves or others and when nothing else will stop them. The board
recommended that teachers receive at least 16 hours of training before using any
type of restraint, but the department will leave training decisions up to
individual districts. Types of restraint could include holding students face
down on the floor to calm them. Opponents said teachers could abuse the
restraint privilege to contain mentally or physically disabled students who
cannot control themselves, or students who are irritating but not dangerous.

Subpoena sought on abuse confession A prosecutor asked the Missouri Supreme
Court on Tuesday to allow him to subpoena religious leaders who listened to a
man who allegedly confessed to sexually abusing two children. Texas County
prosecutor Doug Gaston wants to use Robert Eisenhouer's statements as evidence
against him in a rape and sodomy case. Eisenhouer's wife told investigators that
Eisenhouer confessed his sexual involvement with the children to church elders,
Gaston said. But she declined to testify, and the church officials' testimony
was needed as proof of the confession. A judge previously quashed subpoenas
against the two Jehovah's Witness officials.

Tucker's Whitewater conviction upheld The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals at
St. Louis upheld former Arkansas Gov. Jim Guy Tucker's Whitewater fraud
conviction Tuesday, rejecting his claim that a juror at his 1996 trial was
biased. He has completed his 18-month sentence under house arrest and was
fighting only to clear his name. Tucker was convicted along with former
President Bill Clinton's Whitewater business partners, James and Susan McDougal.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
David Attias

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Utah football: Utes don't have answers for offensive struggles

BYLINE: By Lya Wodraska The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; Utah Utes

LENGTH: 589 words


Whether it's by air, ground or some other manner, the Utah Utes really don't
care. All they know is they have to find a way to score more points.

Everyone by now knows Utah's offense is struggling, and there are many reasons
why.

It could be the lack of an experienced tight end, the lack of a consistent run
game, bad protection from the offensive line and an ailing quarterback, both
mentally and physically.

In the end, it doesn't really matter why Utah's offense has gone from terrific
to in the tank.

What counts is finding a way to score points. If the Utes (4-5, 1-5) don't, it's
doubtful they'll achieve their goal of reaching bowl eligibility or delivering
an upset against No. 6 Oregon (8-1, 5-1) when the teams play Saturday in Eugene.

Unfortunately, the Utes still don't have many answers as to how to breathe life
into the offense, other than playing better than they did in Saturday's loss,
Utah coach Kyle Whittingham said Monday.

"It wasn't any one particular player," Whittingham said. "Everyone took turns
across the board. We weren't good at any position on offense. It was one of
those days where nothing was going well for us on that side of the ball."

Saturday's feeble effort, like the ones in the preceding weeks, isn't what the
Utes imagined their offense would look like at this point in the season.

Utah co-offensive coordinator Dennis Erickson estimated before the season began
that Utah would have to average about 30 points a game to be successful in the
Pac-12.

The Utes hit that target early on, averaging 37 points through the first six
games. Granted that number was skewed by a 70-7 win over Weber State, but Utah's
offense was at least effective enough that Utah started the season 4-2, with the
upset over Stanford and an overtime loss to Oregon State among the results.

Utah's productiveness since then has been cut by more than half in some areas,
with the Utes averaging only 15.3 points and 259 yards of offense in the last
three games.

Quarterback Travis Wilson's hand injury played a part in the initial struggles,
but both Wilson and Whittingham insisted the hand wasn't an issue Saturday when
Wilson rarely went to the air in the Utes' 20-19 loss to Arizona State.

Wilson finished the game 6 of 21 for 121 yards but had so little time to throw
that Whittingham said he couldn't even evaluate the quarterback.

Wilson said he feels the loss of tight ends Jake Murphy and Westlee Tonga have
hurt his options, but the quarterback said the Utes have to find a way to
improve a passing game that has averaged a mere 136 yards in the last three
outings.

"Obviously we're struggling with it," he said. "Something has got to get
better."

The one change the Utes do plan to make is using right tackle Isaac Asiata more
after he graded out well in his effort Saturday.

But it's doubtful that tweak alone can translate into a dramatic change come
Saturday, when the Utes take on what Whittingham said is as strong a secondary
as he has seen.

Unfortunately, there aren't any easy solutions for the Utes.

"As a whole offense we have to do a better job," Wilson said. "We have to make
bigger plays we've been lacking, and we have to stay consistent as well." --
Offense then and now First 6 gamesRushing offense   192.5Passing offense
277.7Total offense   470.2Scoring offense   37.0Sacks allowed   8Avg. first
downs   22.3Third-down conversions   27 of 81Last 3Rushing offense
123.0Passing offense   136.0Total offense   259.0Scoring offense   15.3Sacks
allowed   13Avg. first downs   13.7Third-down conversions   16 of 53

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 20, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

NOTEBOOK;
So Who Took the Air Out of the Buddy Ball?

BYLINE: BY TIMOTHY W. SMITH

SECTION: Section B;  Page 11;  Column 5;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 879 words


Buddy Ryan brought an air of bravado, a swagger and a boost of confidence to
town when he replaced Joe Bugel as coach of the Phoenix Cardinals. He even
changed the name of the team to the Arizona Cardinals.

New identity. Same results. They're still without a victory in the desert. And
now the fans are angry, feeling they've been sold a bill of goods with Ryan as
the new coach.

"I feel deceived, too," Ryan said at his news conference yesterday. "I thought
it would be a good team. I thought our offense would be good enough to carry us
and they haven't. I don't think it's my fault, anymore than it's Jim McMahon's
fault or anybody else's. There are a lot of people responsible. You have to move
the football and score touchdowns."

At a time when the San Diego Chargers have extended their record to 3-0 as one
of the season's surprises, the Cardinals dropped to 0-3 when Cleveland handed
them a 32-0 defeat on Sunday. It was the first time in six years that a
Ryan-coached team had been shut out. And the man that leveled the Cardinals was
quarterback Vinny Testaverde, who threw for two touchdowns and ran for another.
In his first two games, Testaverde had thrown six interceptions.

With a bye week ahead, Ryan said that the problems were "fixable." He thought he
was fixing a problem on offense when he benched quarterback Steve Beuerlein in
favor of Jim McMahon. It looks as if he made the problem worse: Beuerlein
learned from teammate Jay Schroeder that he'd be inactive for the game.
Schroeder held the clipboard, backed up McMahon and mopped up in the fourth
quarter, while Beuerlein walked the sidelines.


Ryan's Old Team Troubled, Too

No one in Houston is taking any shots at Buddy Ryan, their former defensive
coordinator, because they have some big problems of their own.

After holding the Bills without a touchdown and still losing by 15-7 on five
Steve Christie field goals, the Oilers' defense ripped the offense for its poor
performance.

"Our offense is a joke," said free safety Marcus Robertson.

"I feel like we're playing two offenses," said cornerback Cris Dishman. "Ours
and the opponent's. It was a horrible display by our offense. We need somebody
over there who knows what he's doing. We've got too many weapons on offense to
not score more points."

Added cornerback Darryll Lewis: "It's time to point fingers and name names. The
defensive players feel like we have to score to win games."

Most everyone is pointing fingers at assistant head coach Kevin Gilbride, the
former offensive coordinator, who was on the receiving end of a Ryan right hook
on the sidelines of the Jets game last season. The Oilers brought in Dick Coury
as offensive coordinator and he was supposed to deploy a tight-end set in the
run-and-shoot offense. It hasn't worked. The Oilers' offensive line is leaking
like a sieve. The team has given up 14 sacks in three games.

Linebacker Micheal Barrow is preaching harmony.

"Look, it's not like fantasy football where we can just get rid of our offense
and draft another," he said. "We've got to stick together."

This is the second consecutive year that the Oilers have gotten off to a
horrendous start. Last year their defense fell apart and they went 1-4 before
winning their last 11 games. However, this is the first time since 1984 that
they have started 0-3. The Oilers owner Bud Adams has said that he will not make
a coaching change during the season.


Parcells a Patient Patriot

The Patriots' secondary continues to get torched each week, but Coach Bill
Parcells says he's going to let them play their way out of it.

Part of it is because Parcells doesn't have anyone better than his starters. He
also signed free agents, safety Myron Guyton and cornerback Ricky Reynolds, to
contracts of $1.7 million each.

In the first three games, the Patriots' secondary has surrendered 1,000 yards
and 11 touchdowns. Even with decent pass rush against the Bengals on Sunday --
quarterback David Klingler was sacked seven times -- the Patriots were still
overwhelmed by big plays. Klingler threw a 56-yard pass to receiver Darnay Scott
to set up an 8-yard touchdown run by Steve Broussard in the third quarter and a
49-yard pass to receiver Carl Pickens to set up a 14-yard touchdown pass to
receiver Tim McGee in the fourth quarter.

Pressure I's on Phillips

While Denver's former coach, Dan Reeves, enjoys a 3-0 start with the Giants,
newspaper columnists in Denver are calling for the Broncos' owner, Pat Bowlen,
to fire Coach Wade Phillips in the wake of the team's 0-3 start, its worst in 26
years. The Broncos were beaten, 48-16, by the Raiders on Sunday, the worst home
loss since 1968. Bowlen doesn't seem inclined to give Phillips the hook just
yet.

"There's no such thing in my vocabulary as a vote of confidence," Bowlen said.
"There's no need for any vote of confidence. We're 0-3. That's the sad part.
We're going to get this thing turned around and get going in the right
direction."

Phillips was attending a friend's funeral in Texas and didn't comment on the
calls for his dismissal. Phillips replaced Reeves in January 1993 and has
compiled a 9-11 record. By contrast, Reeves has gone 14-5 and took the Giants to
the second round of the playoffs last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

SECTION: IL SPORTS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 377 words


FOOTBALL

Malzahn wins Bowden Award

BIRMINGHAM, Ala. &#8212; Auburn coach Gus Malzahn was in his second year leading
a high school program when he watched Florida State's Bobby Bowden turn up the
tempo with a quarterback who was on his way to the Heisman Trophy.

He figures maybe that Charlie Ward-led offense in 1993 was a precursor to the
wave of fast-paced offenses that have helped Malzahn and others win big and even
sparked a proposal to change the rules.

"I was telling Coach on the way over here, I was watching Charlie Ward when they
were playing shotgun and they'd go back and they'd start playing with pace,"
Malzahn said Sunday. "I think Coach is one of those guys that kind of started a
lot of this wide-open offense, so (Ward) could definitely run our offense."

On Sunday, Malzahn received the Bowden Award named after the former Seminoles
coach, a Birmingham native who coached them to the first of his two national
titles in 1993.

The 5-year-old award is selected by the National Sports Writers and Sports
Broadcasters of America and the Over The Mountain Touchdown Club.

Former Georgia coach Vince Dooley received the lifetime achievement award.

Dooley, meanwhile, raved about the job Malzahn did in his first season at
Auburn, which was 3-9 in 2012.

BASEBALL

Reliever Mota retires

SURPRISE, Ariz.  &#8212; Reliever Guillermo Mota has announced he is retiring
after 14 seasons in the major leagues.

Mota was a non-roster invitee to the Kansas City Royals camp and did not pitch
last season.

The 40-year-old right-hander made 743 career relief appearances with a 3.94 ERA
for the Montreal Expos, Los Angeles Dodgers, Florida Marlins, Cleveland Indians,
New York Mets, Milwaukee Brewers and San Francisco Giants. He was part of San
Francisco's World Series championship teams in 2010 and 2012.

TENNIS

Delbonis wins 1st ATP title

SAO PAULO &#8212; Federico Delbonis has won his first ATP title, beating Paolo
Lorenzi 4-6, 6-3, 6-4 in the Brazil Open final on Sunday.

Delbonis broke Lorenzi's serve to start the decisive set and held on to close
the match in 2 hours, 6 minutes.

The 23-year-old Argentine was playing only in his second ATP final. He had lost
to Fabio Fognini of Italy last July after upsetting Roger Federer in the
semifinals in Hamburg.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 25, 2016 Friday

Big 12 efficiency rankings: OSU's defense is much improved

BYLINE: Berry Tramel

SECTION:

LENGTH: 694 words


[img width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]4543810[/img]We're down to seven
games left in the Big 12 football season, and teams are what they are. So what
are they? Here's what I've learned from my weekly Big 12 efficiency rankings,
which measure how often an offense scores and how often a defense gets off the
field without allowing a score.1. OSU's defense is much better than last season.
The Cowboys rank third in Big 12 defense, and they aren't far from the top.2.
OU's offense remains historically great.

Against West Virginia last week, the Sooners got the ball 13 times and scored
seven offensive touchdowns.3. West Virginia's defense is not necessarily the
best in the Big 12.4. Texas Tech's offense is overrated. The Red Raiders' status
is skewed in our eyes by their performance against the Bedlam rivals. Tech got
the ball 13 times each against OU and OSU. The Raiders scored eight touchdowns
and kicked a field goal against the Sooners; the Raiders scored six touchdowns
and kicked a field against the Cowboys. That's 26 possessions, with 14 TDs and
two field goals. That's .577 efficiency, which is better offense than OU's
historic rate for the season and worse defense than even Tech plays. But Tech's
offense overall is producing at a .387 rate. That's good. It's not
outstanding.5. The Sterlin Gilbert experiment at Texas has lost momentum.6.
Kanas State's offense will surprise you.7. West Virginia is on the right
track.8. Baylor's defense has been getting a pass, but it's not very good.9. The
most balanced teams in the Big 12 are TCU, Iowa State and Kansas State.Let's get
to the rankings:OFFENSE1. Oklahoma .540: Incredible offense. Snow didn't stop
the Sooners in Morgantown.2. Oklahoma State .459: Excellent offense. Just
overlooked by OU's incredible numbers.3. Kansas State .389: Bet this surprises
you. But K-State's plan of scoring while condensing the game is winning
football.4. Texas Tech .387: The Red Raiders have had some monster games, but
they've also been held down. Tech got the ball 13 times against Iowa State and
produced one touchdown and one field goal.5. West Virginia .381: Solid offense
by the Mountaineers, especially with excellent defense.6. Iowa State .372: Matt
Campbell's first season has been an offensive success.7. Baylor .348: Iowa State
with a better offense than Baylor's. There's a bar bet you can win.8. Texas
.323: Ow, this isn't a good number. It's got to get better.9. TCU .315: The
Frogs need to score more.10. Kansas .170: The Jayhawks will always have Texas -
though that was a defensive win.DEFENSE1. Texas .297: Surprised? The Longhorns
have the Big 12's best defense and might not make a bowl game.2. West Virginia
.298: &nbsp;Interesting. WVU and UT have virtually the same defenses, and the
Mountaineers really don't have a productive quarterback, yet they are a far cry
ahead of Texas in general.3. Oklahoma State .316: Glenn Spencer's unit is much
stiffer than a year ago.4. TCU .322: Gary Patterson has whipped his defense into
decent shape, after some early struggles.5. Oklahoma .343: OU's defense isn't
bad. It's just not real good.6. Kansas State .367: The Wildcats aren't good on
defense, but they make up for it shortening the game. K-State averages between
10-11 possessions a game. OU, for example, averages between 12-13.7. Iowa State
.385: Not good, but at least the Cyclones are inching up the rankings. That's a
start.8. Kansas .389: The Jayhawks aren't last or next-to-last. Do you know what
an improvement that is?9. Baylor .414: This is awful. The Bears' season is a
mess.10. Texas Tech .511: Bad, and not getting better. That's not a good
combination.PROJECTIONSThe efficiency rankings allow us to gauge scores on any
particular week. Here are this week's games:West Virginia at Iowa State:
Mountaineers 31-28. Looks like a really good game.Texas Tech vs. Baylor in
Arlington: Bears 37-35. I can't imagine it would be this low scoring.TCU at
Texas: Longhorns 30-28. Will the 'Horns win one for Charlie?Kansas at Kansas
State: Wildcats 33-24. No way will the game be this close. The law in the
projection method is it doesn't account for really bad teams nearly enough.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             October 3, 2011 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Phils relish their boon in pitching Phillies notebook o Lineup has nudged
offense out of the spotlight, Rollins says. CARDINALS - BASEBALL EXTRA

BYLINE: BY RICK HUMMEL o rhummel@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8196

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B18

LENGTH: 497 words

DATELINE: 0


PHILADELPHIA - The Philadelphia Phillies' offense, held to one run in five
innings by Cardinals pitcher Kyle Lohse on Saturday, came alive in the final
three at-bats to score 11 runs in the game. And because manager Charlie Manuel
got all his regulars back reasonably healthy and tweaked his lineup, the
Phillies had won their last five games before Sunday night's second game of the
National League division series.

But Phillies shortstop Jimmy Rollins knows what goes into making the best
cheesesteak here. Philadelphia's offense is onions and mushrooms. Its pitching
is the meat and the cheese. The Phillies' offense gets second billing and
Rollins said Sunday, "Rightfully so. The pitchers get the respect, kind of like
the quarterback. They should get all the credit.

"For years, we had been just basically mashing everybody and we always kept
saying it would be nice to get some pitching. Now that we've got some pitching,
the light is on them and no one minds that."

CONSISTENT MANUEL

Rollins pointed to veteran manager Manuel's consistent personality as one of the
keys to the Phillies' success in winning five consecutive division titles.

"Charlie is the same every single day," Rollins said. "When times get a little
rough, you want your manager to be the same guy. It's easy to be nice and joke
around with everybody when you're winning. But what happens when things aren't
going the right way or the team just can't seem to figure it out (and) the
effort isn't there? All of a sudden (the manager) is going to change and
completely become a different person. ... and Charlie doesn't. You know when he
writes you in the lineup you're going to be in there for a while. As a position
player, you can definitely appreciate that."

MANAGERS LINKED

Former big-league backup catcher Ken Silvestri worked for both Manuel and
Cardinals manager Tony La Russa as a coach, and Manuel said Silvestri had much
to do with helping him get started as a manager. Silvestri coached for La Russa
with the Chicago White Sox in 1982. After he left the Sox, Silvestri assisted in
Manuel's first managerial job for the Class A Wisconsin Rapids in 1983.

"When Tony and I talked about it, Tony said that Ken had taught him a lot about
the game. And I think Ken taught me everything about the game," Manuel said. "He
was with me for about six or seven years. He passed away when he was (75) years
old. I was just thinking about that today."

IBANEZ REBOUNDS

After a modest .245 regular season, Phillies left fielder Raul Ibanez, 39,
exploded for a two-run homer and a run-scoring single on Saturday in Game 1 of
the series then had a two-run single in the first inning of Game 2.

Ibanez, who hits sixth, largely was immune from a lineup change last week that
had Chase Utley hitting third instead of second, Hunter Pence third instead of
fifth and Shane Victorino fifth instead of second.

"I write lineups all the time," said Manuel, "and I came to the conclusion that
the lineup we have right now is our best."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo from Associated Press Strong starters such as Philadelphia's
Cliff Lee are a big reason why more attention is being paid to the Phillies'
pitching staff despite the team's high-powered offense.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Gorillas still trying to find their identity on offense

BYLINE: Ryan Atkinson, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 560 words


Sept. 21--PITTSBURG, Kan. -- A relatively inept offense is one of Pittsburg
State's major concerns after three less-than-stellar outings.

The Gorillas finished Saturday's 37-20 loss to Central Missouri with a
respectable 388 yards of offense, but inconsistency was a killer.

After a quick start -- a 7-0 lead that should have turned into 14-0 -- the
Gorillas went stagnant.

Runs up the middle were stuffed. Backs were wrangled before they could turn the
corner on runs to the outside. Some passes were dropped; most were off target.

It was, for the most part, the same script the Gorillas followed against Chadron
State in Week 2, when they managed just two scores in a 14-3 win.

But Central Missouri wasn't Chadron State. Pitt State's subpar offense forced
its solid defense to stay on the field far too long to have any real shot of
completely slowing down the Mules' high-flying attack.

Still, the Gorillas seem to have faith that the offense will soon turn the
corner.

"We believe in the offense," sophomore defense end Gus Toca said. "We believe in
(offensive coordinator) Coach (Steve) Rampy. They just need to get in a rhythm
... they'll get it together. That's just part of being on a team. You have to
fight through adversity."

And there may be some rays of hope, if one looks hard enough.

Against Chadron, Pitt never recovered after a second-quarter dropoff. Against
the Mules, the Gorillas at least bounced back for 13 fourth-quarter points --
and it would have been 20 if Zac Dickey's fourth-down pass wasn't dropped in the
end zone on the first play of the quarter.

"I was impressed with the way the offense never gave up and that's what I'm
going to go on to next week with," Dickey said. "I'm glad that we never looked
down and we never felt like we were defeated."

The Gorillas were incredibly balanced, with 196 yards of passing and 192 yards
on the ground. Of course, those numbers could also describe an offense that is
still trying to find its identity under a new head coach and new offensive
coordinator -- an offense that isn't exactly throwing or running the ball with
ease.

"We've got a lot of different things that we can do offensively," Beck said. "We
just have to pick and choose and find our way and find out what our niche is."

Wilson emerges

Briceton Wilson, a 24-year old redshirt sophomore from Tallahassee, Fla., was
impressive in his first heavy dose of playing time.

The 6-foot-1, 220-pound back rushed for 47 yards and a touchdown on seven
second-half carries after Terrance Isaac was sideline with a lingering shoulder
injury.

"Briceton has great potential," Beck said. "He's learning our system and
learning what we're doing. You saw how explosive he can be as a back and he's
someone who we need to work on and get into the mix a little more. He got his
chance (Saturday) and showed what he can do. He's a handful -- 225 pounds and
he's not just a straight-ahead runner, he's somewhat elusive."

To see more of The Joplin Globe or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.joplinglobe.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Joplin Globe, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100921-JL-Gorillas-still-trying-to-find-their-identity-on-offense
-0921-20100921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2010 The Joplin Globe


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            February 6, 2004 Friday

Axman resigns, criticizes Dorrell;
The offensive coordinator quits after UCLA's head coach refuses to modify his
approach to the West Coast offense.

BYLINE: By ROBERT KUWADA , The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


UCLA offensive coordinator Steve Axman resigned Thursday, citing philosophical
differences and left open a question whether the Bruins could be successful
given the desire of Coach Karl Dorrell to adhere to a basic West Coast offense.

``I really feel that I'm the wrong coach for Karl, to lead his offense. To stay
would be wrong. It would be the wrong thing for him and the wrong thing for
me,'' said Axman, adding that the parting was amicable.

``I've coached for a long time and had a lot of success doing things certain
ways. Karl wants to run a very strict version of the West Coast offense, and I
was the one who made the mistake of assuming that we would shape it to college
use or to the players that we had like we did when I was at Washington.''

Axman said he didn't want to direct the offense and be uncomfortable about what
the team was doing.

Asked if he thought UCLA could be successful without more flexibility, Axman
backed away.

``I'd rather not get into that,'' he said.

The West Coast offense is a pass-first system popularized by Bill Walsh with the
San Francisco 49ers featuring multiple options, especially short routes to
running backs.

Dorrell, the first-year Bruins coach who hired Axman, acknowledged the
philosophical differences, but he said the bottom line was that he and his
coaching staff needed to do a better job teaching the offense. He said Tom
Cable, hired Jan. 6 to be the offensive line coach, would take on
responsibilities of the offensive coordinator and was better suited to that end.

Cable was the coach at Idaho the past four years where he compiled an 11-35
record, including going 3-9 last season. At Idaho, Cable ran the same offense
the Bruins struggled to make work last season when they went 6-7 and ranked
eighth in the Pac-10 in points per game (19.1) and passing (203 yards per game),
ninth in total offense (294.9) and last in rushing (91.9).

``I think we need to coach better,'' Dorrell said. ``We're always going to fit
our offense to who we feel our playmakers are, but the thing we need to do is
make sure our kids have a better understanding of what we are trying to do.''

Because of the Bruins' offensive struggles, questions arose as to whether the
West Coast offense was too complex for college use. Dorrell and Axman
acknowledged that only a small percentage of the packages were put into use, but
the Bruins still struggled with sophomore quarterbacks Matt Moore and Drew
Olson. They completed 52.6 percent of their passes with 12 touchdowns and 15
interceptions.

A move with Axman was expected. Dorrell had contemplated taking over the
game-planning and play-calling duties next season.

In the four seasons Cable was at Idaho, the Vandals averaged 424.1 yards per
game. He was the offensive coordinator at Colorado in 1999 when the Buffaloes
ranked 14th in the nation at 424.9 yards per game.

Dorrell also said he would hire a quarterbacks coach to work with Olson, junior
college transfer David Koral and freshman Patrick Cowan on the technical
aspects.

``We're going in the right direction,'' said Dorrell, who in January fired two
holdovers from Bob Toledo's staff, offensive line coach Mark Weber and tight
ends coach Gary Bernardi. ``We're in a much better situation now than we were at
this time a year ago.''

rkuwada@ocregister.com

rkuwada@ocregister.com

Axman

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              April 3, 2015 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

FBI to overhaul way it tracks trends in crime

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 873 words


The FBI is in the midst of a major overhaul of its signature tracking program
that for more than eight decades has been regarded as the most reliable measure
of crime in the USA.

Federal authorities are attempting to convert hundreds of law enforcement
agencies to an alternate reporting system that would account for perhaps scores
of offenses that have never been recorded in the bureau's annual summary of
crime in the USA, part of its Uniform Crime Report.

Assistant FBI Director Stephen Morris, who oversees the bureau's crime data
collection functions, said there is no estimating the number of "lost" offenses
because of the "summary" nature of the current reporting structure. "You don't
know what you don't know," Morris said in an interview with USA TODAY.

Murders may be the most consistently tracked offenses in the summary portion of
the report. But an unknown number of other crimes often committed in the course
of those deaths -- rapes, robberies, assaults, arson and others -- go
unrecorded. Long-standing reporting limitations allow for tracking only the most
serious single offense from each incident, regardless of how many other offenses
have been committed.

The UCR crime summary tracks 10 specific offenses, including murder, rape,
robbery and aggravated assault. It does not record crucial details about race,
gender and relationships of both victims and offenders. Neither is there
specific information about where crimes take place and the identification of
specific weapons involved, all of which could assist law enforcement officials
and lawmakers in devising more effective anti-crime strategies.

The giant holes in the reporting method, federal authorities and analysts
acknowledge, call into question the reliability of a measure that often
determines how hundreds of millions of dollars in taxpayer money is spent.

"We don't have a good sense at all of the relationships involved in crime
because we are still using a 1930s tool," said University of South Carolina
Professor Geoff Alpert, who specializes in law enforcement research.

In place of the summary crime report, the FBI is expanding the capacity of a
National Incident-Based Reporting System, or NIBRS, that has the potential to
account for much of what is lacking. Instead of 10 offense categories, it tracks
24; it has the capacity to record how often law enforcement officers use deadly
force  and whether those encounters involve a disproportionate number of
minority suspects.

The absence of such detailed data derailed recent attempts to broadly analyze
officer-involved shootings  in the wake of last year's racially charged fatal
police encounters in Ferguson, Mo., and Staten Island, N.Y.

The long-needed overhaul has drawn the strong support of FBI Director James
Comey, who recently lamented the lack of basic data as "unacceptable."

"Not long after riots broke out in Ferguson last summer, I asked my staff to
tell me how many people shot by police were African American in this country,"
Comey said in a speech last month at Georgetown University. "I wanted to see
trends. I wanted to see information. They couldn't give it to me."

LENGTHY PROCESS

Federal officials conceded that fixes will probably not come quickly. Morris
said it could take "years" to expand the  system to produce a more
representative sample of crime in America. Just 6,300 of nearly 18,000 U.S.
police agencies funnel the more detailed crime information to NIBRS, while about
10,000 agencies provide the basic summary data.

Morris said at least 400 agencies are needed to convert the summary systems to
the richer data delivery method under NIBRS for the FBI to produce a sound
national report.

Among the police departments that do not participate are some of the largest in
the country: New York, Chicago and Philadelphia.

Although a system for reporting the more detailed information has been available
since the late 1980s, persistent compliance problems remain. The most difficult
obstacle is that agencies have never been required to report.   Submission of
local crime data remains voluntary. Since 2013, when Congress mandated that the
FBI track human trafficking, only five of the nearly 18,000 agencies have
provided information, according to FBI records.

"For whatever reason, police departments have not been willing to expend the
extra effort to do it," said Carnegie Mellon University Professor Alfred
Blumstein, who has spent decades examining crime statistics. "How the FBI is
going to get that extra cooperation is unclear right now."

UNDER REVIEW

Morris said federal officials are in the midst of an audit involving about 400
agencies identified for possible conversion to the new reporting system.

Richard Beary, president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police,
said completing the needed conversions will require federal money. The
replacement of a records system even at a small department could cost $100,000
or more, he said.

Though there has been no recent rush of agencies to adopt the new reporting
system, officials hope the recent attention focused on the current system's
shortcomings could prompt change. "The fact that the (FBI) director put a
spotlight on this issue a couple of weeks ago, we have been quietly
celebrating," Morris said.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Michael Thomas, epa

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

Sooners think outside the huddle;
College Football

BYLINE: Thayer Evans - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 671 words

DATELINE: MIAMI GARDENS, Florida


Jay Norvell is used to being in a hurry.

While Norvell was the receivers coach for the Indianapolis Colts, quarterback
Peyton Manning effortlessly led the team's no-huddle offense. He was the tight
ends coach with the Oakland Raiders when quarterback Rich Gannon orchestrated a
no-huddle offense all the way to Super Bowl XXXVII to cap the 2002 season.

At Oklahoma, Norvell is in his first year as the assistant offense coordinator
and receivers coach. And once again, he finds himself coaching a no-huddle
offense as the Sooners play Florida here on Thursday night in the Bowl
Championship Series title game. With the Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback, Sam
Bradford, at the helm, the Sooners used the attack for the first time this
season and did so in record-setting fashion.

Oklahoma's coach, Bob Stoops, instructed the offensive coordinator Kevin Wilson,
who ran the no-huddle at two previous stops, to install the offense for this
season, but it is hardly a coincidence that Norvell is involved. Norvell's role
as the Sooners' pass game coordinator has had a profound effect.

''Jay has contributed in a great way,'' Stoops, who played alongside Norvell at
Iowa, said in a telephone interview. ''He's really worked well with the guys
that are here and helped make the whole thing better.''

Led by Bradford, Oklahoma became the highest-scoring team in the modern era (702
points). It is also the first team in the modern era to score 60 or more points
in five consecutive games.

Moreover, the Sooners are the only team in Football Bowl Subdivision history to
have a 4,000-yard passer (Bradford) and two 1,000-yard rushers (Chris Brown and
DeMarco Murray, who suffered a season-ending injury in the Big 12 title game
last month) in a season.

''Him coming in and having his input on the no-huddle has been very helpful for
this offense,'' Bradford said of Norvell.

Norvell was hired as the receivers coach at Oklahoma in February 2002, but left
after a month to become the tight ends coach for the Raiders, who were coached
by Bill Callahan. Norvell followed Callahan to Nebraska in 2004 as the offensive
coordinator and took the same job at UCLA in 2007.

When UCLA changed coaches after his first season there, Norvell was looking for
a job before being hired again by Stoops last January. He filled the vacancy of
Kevin Sumlin, who became Houston's coach.

Besides helping shape Oklahoma's no-huddle offense, Norvell has also had a
profound impact on the Sooners' wide receivers. He has demanded that they become
better at blocking and running after the catch.

''He's made us step our game up,'' wide receiver Juaquin Iglesias said. ''He's
more of a perfectionist.''

Norvell's presence is noticeable in Oklahoma's offense, said Dan McCarney,
Florida's defensive line coach. Norvell was an assistant under McCarney at Iowa
State from 1995 to 1997.

''I don't think there's any doubt that he's had an impact on that,'' said
McCarney, who was an assistant at Iowa when Norvell played there.

Although Nebraska never ran a no-huddle offense during Norvell's three seasons
there, his vast offensive knowledge of the scheme was evident, Zac Taylor, a
former Nebraska quarterback, said during a telephone interview. Taylor was so
inspired by Norvell that he cites him as a major influence for his foray into
coaching college football.

''He is very bright,'' said Taylor, the 2006 Big 12 offensive player of the year
and now an offense coach at Texas A&M. ''When he installs an offense, he paints
a picture with what he's saying. You can install a play, but to a player, it's
just a piece of paper with a bunch of lines on it. He brings the play to life.

''If that's what you want to call genius, then so be it.''

Callahan said he was surprised that Norvell did not get a job as head coach this
season on the heels of Oklahoma's offensive prowess. He was a finalist last year
to succeed Purdue's coach, Joe Tiller, who retired after this season.

''There's no doubt that he'll be a head coach,'' Callahan said. ''It's just a
very short matter of time.''

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           October 22, 2005 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

READY FOR ANOTHER SCOREFEST? BADGERS BETTER BE

BYLINE: Tom Oates

SECTION: SPORTS; TOM OATES; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 682 words


What's wrong with this picture?

The University of Wisconsin football team will play Purdue today at Camp Randall
Stadium and the Badgers will enter the Big Sky, er, Big Ten Conference game
averaging nine points per game more than the Boilermakers.

That's right, good old Tailback U. is averaging 40.7 points per game this season
and Purdue, which sparked the current wave of offense in the Big Ten when coach
Joe Tiller arrived with his basketball-on-grass approach in 1997, is averaging
31.5.

UW scoring points at a faster clip than Purdue? Next thing you know, geese will
fly north for the winter, the Milwaukee Brewers will reach the World Series and
the Chicago Bears will find a quarterback.

Strange, but true.

In a season when the staid Big Ten has seemingly gone mad, when a handful of
all-offense, no-defense teams are wreaking havoc on the standings, when scoring
35 points might not even get you to overtime, no team has changed more than UW.

For 15 years, Badgers coach Barry Alvarez preferred to play what he calls
coal-miner games. You know, those 13-10 tough-man contests that used to define
the Big Ten.

Now, in Alvarez's 16th and final season at UW, everything has changed. The Big
Ten, in his words, has turned into the old, point-a-minute Big Sky Conference.
Meanwhile, his Badgers have a versatile, weapon-rich offense and a defense that
is collapsing under the combined weight of inexperience and injuries. Shootouts,
not shutouts, have become the norm at UW.

Whew, this is going to take some getting used to.

Over the years, Alvarez has conditioned UW fans to believe the best way for the
Badgers to win is by pounding the ball on offense, playing sound defense and
winning the field-position battle with superior special-teams play. But after
the last two weeks, that philosophy seems more outdated than $25 football
tickets.

In losing 51-48 at Northwestern and winning 38-34 at Minnesota, UW was forced to
open up its offense because it had to play catch-up for much of the time.
Surprisingly, the Badgers were pretty good at it.

But if UW is going to continue to get into shootouts - and a high-scoring duel
is likely today against still another good-hit, no-field team in Purdue - the
time has come for Alvarez to adjust his philosophy.

If his struggling defense can't fill its traditional role in his three-pronged
philosophy, Alvarez should think about turning his offense loose right from the
start.

Historically, UW's offense works best when it establishes the run first. But the
Badgers have struggled to run the ball consistently in the first halves of games
this season, even against suspect defenses.

That's why UW spent the second halves of the last two games desperately trying
to overcome repeated 10-point deficits. But if the Badgers had started faster on
offense, maybe they wouldn't need a miracle finish to come from behind and win a
shootout.

Not surprisingly, Alvarez doesn't see it that way.

"I think in some cases if you can control the ball that's good because you can
keep the ball out of your opponent's hands," he said. "And so rather than just
trying to throw it around all over the place or having to score quickly, I think
the key is just playing your offense and executing your offense."

Fair enough. A good running game would serve to keep UW's beleaguered defense
off the field. But if the Badgers can't get their running game going right away
today, they will be in for a long game because, after experimenting
unsuccessfully with an option offense, Purdue has returned to its explosive
spread in its last three games.

UW may be 6-1 and Purdue a disappointing 2-4, but, records aside, this is as
even a matchup as you'll find. UW and Purdue have played two common opponents in
recent weeks, providing a perfect basis for comparison.

Against Northwestern and Minnesota, UW rolled up 881 yards and gave up 1,184.
Against those same two teams, Purdue had 931 yards and allowed 1,175.

Those figures indicate the Badgers are in for another shootout, one they had
better be prepared to win right from the start.

Contact Tom Oates at toates@madison.com or 608-252-6172.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 30, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

ON PRO FOOTBALL;
When Hiding Flaws Must Be a Strength

BYLINE: By THOMAS GEORGE

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 959 words


Four National Football League playoff teams today and tomorrow are in what are
fittingly called wild-card games. Fitting for these teams because, particularly
on one side of the ball, their seasons have been a wild ride and the teams do
not know exactly what to expect from those units in these playoffs.

It could be a wild show.

It could be a wild flop.

On defense today, it is the St. Louis Rams and the Indianapolis Colts. On
offense tomorrow, it is the Baltimore Ravens and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

When the Rams play at New Orleans, it is the Rams' defense that is the prickly
question mark. Same for the Colts' defense at Miami. When the Ravens play host
to the Denver Broncos and the Buccaneers travel to Philadelphia, both the
Ravens' and Buccaneers' offenses will be probed.

Playoff teams usually feature balance. Playoff teams can usually count on their
offense and defense to shine.

Here, we have four one-horse teams. And the playoffs are a treacherous spot for
their holes to explode.

Despite all that they have accomplished this season, each team's weakness has
been glaring. It is amazing that they made the playoffs considering how their
weakest link surfaced during the regular season.

The Rams' defense often looked ridiculous. There were games when the Colts'
defense was embarrassingly shoddy. Remember the Ravens' laughable five-game
streak when they did not score a touchdown? How about the Buccaneers'
season-long puzzle of finding a productive role for receiver Keyshawn Johnson?

The Rams' defense tops all in futility.

St. Louis started the season by allowing 36 points in a victory over Denver, and
Kansas City torched the Rams for 54 points in October.

It was after that game, a 54-34 loss, that Rams Coach Mike Martz -- even though
his team had a 6-1 record -- waved a white flag. He called in the longtime
defensive expert Bud Carson to help, but even Carson could not solve all of the
woes. The Rams have gone 4-5 since Carson joined them as a defensive consultant.
With Carson on hand, they were hit for 33 points by Washington, 31 by New
Orleans and 38 by the struggling Tampa Bay offense.

The Rams rank 23rd in defense over all (13th against the run and 27th against
the pass).

The Rams' defense does not compare well with the league's No. 1-ranked defense,
the Tennessee Titans':

*Points allowed: Tennessee 191; St. Louis 471.

*Games allowing fewer than 20 points: Tennessee 13; Rams 1.

*Fumble recoveries: Tennessee 13; St. Louis 6.

*Passing touchdowns allowed: Tennessee 10; St. Louis 32.

*Average yards allowed per play: Tennessee 4.2; St. Louis 6.0.

Get the picture?

Funny, but it was the defense that made the winning plays in the Rams' Super
Bowl victory last January. It was the defense that matched Tampa Bay's intensity
in the Rams' 11-6 victory in the National Football Conference championship game.

Who will forget St. Louis linebacker Mike Jones's game-saving tackle at the St.
Louis 1-yard line as time expired in last season's Super Bowl?

"The playoffs give you a new season and new hope," Jones said. "We know we've
had our problems on defense in every way you can name this year, but we have
showed some life late here in the season and we just want to build on that. We
know what we are capable of doing."

Yeah. That is what scares Rams fans.

Colts fans know the feeling. Indianapolis allowed Curtis Martin to run for 203
yards in a loss to the Jets before winning three straight to end the regular
season and make the playoffs. Like the Rams' defense, the Colts' defense gets
pushed around too, and finds its safeties making too many tackles. Look closely
today at the Rams' and Colts' defensive line play. If they are winning the
initial push, both are in good shape. If both continue to be slapped around up
front, look for a game in which offense and special teams will have to win it
for both.

The Ravens have the league's best defense in terms of fewest points allowed, but
their offense this season -- first with quarterback Tony Banks as the starter
and now with Trent Dilfer -- too frequently crawled. How do the Ravens respond
against Denver? Tight end Shannon Sharpe used to play for the Broncos -- use him
against his old team in the kind of game and opportunity he loves. Also, give
running back Jamal Lewis 30-plus carries. A heavy dosage of Lewis and defense
will take Baltimore a long way.

Finally, there is Tampa Bay, a mystery offense if ever there was one.

Did you know that Tampa Bay scored more touchdowns (43) and more points (388)
this season than in any season in its history?

Hard to believe, especially considering how out of sync this offense was for
most of the year. Quarterback Shaun King and the new offensive coordinator, Les
Steckel, kept tinkering to find ways to use Johnson while remaining true to the
Bucs' principle of run-first, short-passing, turnover-free, defensive-led
football. And now this offense will try to operate in cold weather in
Philadelphia against a stout Eagles defense -- not a good combination for Tampa
Bay.

Running back Warrick Dunn has helped solve some problems. His quickness,
durability and flexibility have injected the Tampa Bay offense with more
production and optimism in recent weeks.

But it is playoff time.

Weaknesses and warts have a way of manifesting themselves in the postseason.

"These are the kind of games where you play to your strengths," Johnson said.
"In these games the pressure builds and the ability to perform under that
pressure is everything. Can your weaknesses all of a sudden become a strength? I
don't see why not."

How about that? A makeover for the playoffs.

The Rams and Colts on defense and the Ravens and Bucs on offense would love such
a bold stroke.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Rich Coady, tackling the Saints' Brian Milne, is part of a Rams
defense that has given up nearly 30 points a game. (Associated Press); Shaun
King, being sacked by Green Bay's Kabeer Gbaja-Biamila, knows that Tampa Bay's
defense rules. (Reuters); Quarterback Trent Dilfer being sacked against
Pittsburgh and the Ravens' offense have struggled. (Associated Press); A weak
front line has forced Tony Blevins (26) and the Colts' secondary to make too
many tackles. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

County Connections, Football: SLV alum Volarvich, Reddies are shining on offense

BYLINE: Jim Seimas, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


Oct. 27--Former San Lorenzo Valley High and Cabrillo College quarterback Mike
Volarvich is still making all the right calls on offense. The 37-year-old,
fifth-year offensive coordinator for NCAA Division II Henderson State boasts one
of the top offenses in the nation. Again.

Last season, the Reddies led the NCAA -- at every level -- in scoring, total
offense, passing offense and touchdowns per game.

This season, the Reddies are No. 7 in D-II scoring offense (45.4 ppg), No. 10 in
passing offense (347 ypg) and No. 16 in total offense (500.7 ypg).

"Obviously, players make it click," Volarvich said prior to Saturday's 28-24
loss to Harding University in Arkadelphia, Ark., which will drop the Reddies
from the No. 2 spot in the national poll. "We spread the ball around a good bit.
We've had 16 different receivers get catches this year."

This year's team is headlined by a pair of NFL prospects: senior quarterback
Kevin Rodgers, a two-time finalist for the Harlon Hill trophy, which is awarded
to the D-II MVP, and senior receiver Darius Davis.

Volarvich said the Reddies do a little bit of everything on offense.

"Like all offenses, we steal a little from here and a little from there," he
said.

Otherwise, he said, it's actually pretty basic.

"We have 10 drop-back plays, five to six run plays, seven to eight three-step
drop routes and screens," Volarvich said. "We try to get good at what we do and
keep it simple for the guys."

The difficult stuff is left for opposing defenses as they try figure a way to
try and contain the Reddies.

The Reddies (7-1, 6-1) host University of Arkansas-Monticello (2-5, 2-5) on
Saturday in the teams' Great American Conference game.

JONAH HODGES, UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO SOPHOMORE TAILBACK (SANTA CRUZ) -- Hodges
had 13 carries for 37 yards and 23 yards in kick returns to help the Toreros
beat visiting Dayton 40-29 in the teams Pioneer Football League game.

Hodges and the Toreros (6-1, 4-1) play at Drake (5-3, 4-1) in Des Moines, Iowa,
on Saturday.

RYAN LOPEZ, UNIVERSITY OF SAINT MARY SENIOR LINEBACKER (SLV) -- The Cabrillo
alum made five tackles, including one for a loss of six yards, in the Spires'
34-24 loss to host Sterling in the teams' Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference
game.

Lopez and the Spires (2-6, 2-4) host Southwestern College (1-7, 1-5) on
Saturday.

MATT VINAL, UNLV SENIOR SAFETY -- The Santa Cruz resident made three tackles in
the Rebels' 34-20 loss to Utah State in the teams' Mountain West Conference game
in Logan, Utah.

Vinal and the Rebels (2-6, 1-3) host New Mexico (2-5, 0-3) on Saturday at 2:30
p.m.

KYLE TODD, NORTHERN COLORADO SENIOR DEFENSIVE END (SLV) -- Todd recorded one
tackle in the Bears' 46-12 loss to Idaho State in Big Sky Conference action at
Nottingham Field in Greeley, Colo.

Todd and the Bears (2-6) play at UC Davis (1-6, 0-4) on Saturday at 5 p.m.

MICHAEL SCHUHE, NEW MEXICO HIGHLANDS SENIOR DEFENSIVE LINEMAN (SANTA CRUZ) --
The Cabrillo alum made one tackle in the Cowboys' 41-34 loss to Adams State in
the teams' Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference game in Alamosa, Colo.

Schuhe and the Cowboys (3-5, 3-3) host Chadron State College (5-3, 4-2) on
Saturday in Las Vegas, N.M.

AUSTIN DAICH, OREGON SOPHOMORE RECEIVER/SPECIAL TEAMS (MVC) -- The Monte Vista
Christian alum saw action in his fourth straight game and fifth this season as
the No. 6 Ducks beat Cal 59-41 in the teams' Pac-12 Conference game at Levi's
Stadium in Santa Clara on Friday.

Daich and the Ducks (7-1, 4-1) host Stanford (5-3, 3-2) on Saturday at 4:30 p.m.
in Eugene, Ore.

VINCE PORPORATO, WHITWORTH FRESHMAN OFFENSIVE LINEMAN (APTOS) -- Porporato
played in his second straight game, helping the Pirates roll past Puget Sound
62-30 in the teams' Northwest Conference game in Spokane, Wash.

Porporato and the Pirates (5-3, 3-2) host George Fox (0-6, 0-4) on Saturday at
12:30 p.m.

SAM DAPPER, CHAPMAN JUNIOR OFFENSIVE LINEMAN -- The Scotts Valley resident and
Bellarmine College Prep alum played in the No. 25 Panthers' 45-21 road win over
Cal Lutheran in the teams' Southern California Intercollegiate Athletic
Conference game.

Dapper and the Panthers (5-1, 4-0) host La Verne (1-5, 0-4) on Saturday at 7
p.m.

TYLER SAMBRAILO, COLORADO STATE SENIOR OFFENSIVE LINEMAN (ST. FRANCIS) --
Sambrailo made his 37th career start, helping the Rams beat Wyoming 45-31 in
Mountain West Conference action in Fort Collins, Colo.

Sambrailo and the Rams (7-1, 3-1) play at San Jose State (3-4, 2-1) on Saturday
at 4 p.m.

___ (c)2014 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141027-QC-County-Connections-Football-SLV-alum-Volarvich-Reddies-are-shining-o
n-offense-1027-20141027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2014 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                            January 27, 2014 Monday
                                 First Edition

Broncos, Seahawks: It's offence vs. defence

BYLINE: Randy Covitz The Kansas City Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S1

LENGTH: 565 words


The Denver Broncos and Seattle Seahawks showed there are two different routes to
the Super Bowl.

The Broncos did it with offence. They rolled up the most yards (457.3 per game)
in the National Football League this season and scored more points (37.9 per
game) than any other team in NFL history. Quarterback Peyton Manning's 5,477
passing yards and 55 touchdowns were also the most in NFL history.

Seattle did it with defence with the fewest yards (273.6), fewest points (14.4)
and fewest passing yards (172.0) per game and had the most take-aways (39),
interceptions (28) and best turnover differential (plus-20) this season.

Each team finished 13-3. And Sunday in East Rutherford they will form the first
matchup of No. 1 seeds in the Super Bowl since Manning's lis Colts lost to New
Orleans in 2009.

This will be only the second Super Bowl since 1970 in which the top-ranked
offence meets the top-ranked defence.

Tampa Bay's No. 1-ranked defence defeated Oakland's No. 1 offence, 48-21, in
Super Bowl XXXVII.

But the days of defences winning championships changed in the 2000s with new the
rules favouring offences and with the proliferation of more sophisticated
passing games led by Tom Brady, Drew Brees and Manning.

Could the Seahawks reverse the trend and go back to old-school defence winning
the Super Bowl?

"That's a cool question," Seattle coach Pete Carroll said. "When you say Manning
and Brady, you're talking about a couple of the greatest passers to ever play
this game, in great systems that recognize how to utilize their talent at its
fullest, and the best way to do that is let those guys throw the ball all over
the yard. They could handle it and win championships doing it. That is what
we're facing."

In scoring a record 606 points in the regular season, the Broncos topped 40
points in a team-record six games and tied the NFL record by exceeding 50 points
in three games. They also became the first NFL team with five players scoring 10
touchdowns from scrimmage.

"Nobody has ever taken more command of the game than he has at this stage of his
career," Carroll said of Manning, "and the coaching staff has allowed that to
happen where he can be in total command of what's going on. He sees every
defence, he knows all the options, he makes his decisions all the way to the
last second ... there are few guys who have ever played the game that can do
that. This is thrilling to have a chance to go against the best guys to ever
play."

Seattle will counteract with perhaps the best secondary in the NFL led by
loquacious cornerback Richard Sherman, who led the NFL in interceptions with
eight.

Sherman's postgame tirade and attack of San Francisco wide receiver Michael
Crabtree after the NFC championship game was the talk of football last week, but
he's showing a little more respect for Manning.

"We really embrace that man," Sherman said. "As a defence, we respect the heck
out of Peyton Manning, but as a true competitor, as competitive as our team is,
you wouldn't want to have it any other way. You want the best of the best;
otherwise you don't feel like you're getting the biggest challenge of your life.

"If you lose, you understand that you lost to the best quarterback in the world
and you can accept that. If you win, you understand that you were playing
against the best quarterback in the world and it feels that much sweeter. It's
just a competitive drive in you."

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 2, 2005 Friday

Vikings' offense seeking identity;
Attack has been spotty despite team's success

BYLINE: SEAN JENSEN, Pioneer Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 864 words


Brad Johnson has come to recognize there's no shortage of offensive philosophers
at Winter Park.

Since replacing injured starting quarterback Daunte Culpepper almost a month
ago, Johnson has patiently listened to countless suggestions from teammates and
coaches about the direction of the Vikings' offense.

Running back Mewelde Moore wants to establish the run. Five talented receivers
and one confident tight end want more passes thrown their way. And coach Mike
Tice wants to throw the ball downfield more.

With the efficiency of his three-step drop, Johnson is quick to dispel the
notion there might be internal discord.

Instead, the quarterback rattles off a list of the powerful personalities he has
dealt with in his previous 13 NFL seasons. Some pretty demanding fellows.

Cris Carter. Randy Moss. Michael Westbrook. Keyshawn Johnson. Tim Brown. Joey
Galloway...

"I've been through all that," Johnson said. "At the end of the day, everyone
wants to win. And when you win, everyone is happy."

The Vikings are 4-0 with Johnson as their starting quarterback. But with only
five games remaining, the Vikings acknowledge they have yet to develop an
offensive identity.

The drastic difference between Culpepper and Johnson would be the most obvious
reason. But there are more subtle, albeit important, factors:

o The Vikings have started nine different offensive linemen in the past four
games.

o Their run offense has been inconsistent.

o Receivers Nate Burleson and Troy Williamson have been out with injuries.

Despite mounting some key scoring drives, the offense slipped one spot to 25th
in the NFL over the past month. The team has found other ways to score and
thrive during its four-game winning streak.

Running back Michael Bennett paced the offense in Johnson's first start, against
the Detroit Lions on Nov. 6. The defense and special teams controlled the game
against the New York Giants until Johnson directed a last-minute drive to set up
Paul Edinger's game-winning kick. A strong defensive performance and an
outstanding second half by Moore and the offensive line propelled the Vikings
past the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field. On Sunday, the offense enjoyed its
most complete performance under Johnson in a victory over the Cleveland Browns.

"I still feel like we're trying to find our identity," receiver Koren Robinson
said. "But at the same time, we just have to do whatever works, whether we pound
it, throw it or (use) play action."

The dreaded term at Winter Park lately is "West Coast offense," which is heavy
on short passes that empower receivers to make plays. Tice has expressed his
disdain for the style made famous by Hall of Fame coach Bill Walsh and his San
Francisco 49ers. But, by most accounts, despite his resistance to being labeled,
Johnson is most suited to that style.

Last week, Tice warned that "we need to make sure that as players, coaches and
the quarterback, we are not trying to reinvent the wheel and bring some things
in from the outside that aren't us."

Johnson said his minor differences with Tice have been resolved.

"There was an inside thing a couple of weeks ago," Johnson said, "and it's all
been squared away."

The quarterback and coach are employing a give-and-take approach.

"We have never been a good three-step team here," Tice said, referring to one of
the staples of the West Coast offense. "We are trying to work diligently on that
because Brad likes that."

Tice said what matters most to him is rhythm, something the Vikings developed
last week by mixing in a lot of play-action passes. Although the Vikings have
attempted numerous deep passes, Johnson's longest pass in his four starts has
netted just 44 yards. And in two games, the longest passes were 26 and 24 yards.

Tight end Jermaine Wiggins doesn't care.

"I've never been in a so-called West Coast offense, so I don't know what it
entails. But to me, it's the same thing we've been running since I got here,"
said Wiggins, who joined the team in 2004. "You can have an identity and not
win. So the main thing is, we go out there and take what the defense gives us."

Johnson didn't want to label the offense in any particular way, noting every
team "steals plays" from one another.

But in terms of identity, Johnson pinpointed several basic points.

"Staying away from penalties. Staying away from turnovers. Getting to the right
play," he said. "We've been efficient a couple of games in the running game and
the passing game, and we're close to being explosive. We're not losing
ballgames, and we've scored at critical times."

Despite having three receivers who have topped 1,000 yards in the NFL, the
Vikings still haven't had anyone top 100 receiving yards for a game. But Johnson
isn't worried.

"They're probably the easiest group I've been around," Johnson said.

His tight end is another story.

"He will come to you and say, 'I know what will be a good play this week. Y-Dig,
Y-Angle, Y-Option might get them,' " Johnson said of Wiggins. "Every play is
about Jermaine. A lot of the time he is right. He has a knack for catching the
ball and making plays at the right time. You just don't want to have too many
conversations with him."

Sean Jensen can be reached at sjensen@pioneerpress.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             April 1, 2006 Saturday
                                Toronto Edition

The AL: Team by team

BYLINE: John Lott, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S4

LENGTH: 941  words


THE EAST

BALTIMORE ORIOLES It speaks volumes that Baltimore's biggest off-season addition
was pitching coach Lee Mazzone. His new staff ranges from inconsistent to just
plain bad. The offence struggled to score last year, and will again. A sign of
how far this once-proud franchise has fallen: manager Sam Perlozzo called a
closed-door meeting on Monday and demanded more effort from his troops.

BOSTON RED SOX The "Idiot" champions of 2004 are a distant memory. The entire
infield is new. Josh Beckett adds youth and hope to the pitching staff. Coco
Crisp might even represent an improvement over Johnny Damon in centre. But
questions abound at third base (Mike Lowell?), the bullpen (Keith Foulke?) and,
perhaps most importantly, the rotation (Curt Schilling? David Wells? Matt
Clement?). The Red Sox have regressed.

NEW YORK YANKEES The Bronx Bankers are older, again, but better with Damon
leading off. A full season of Shawn Chacon and Chien-Ming Wang should boost the
rotation. The offence can still chew up opposing pitchers. But the age factor
leaves small margin for error. The Yankees need big years and fewer mood swings
from greybeards Randy Johnson and Gary Sheffield.

TAMPA BAY DEVIL RAYS Fresh ownership, passionate new manager Joe Maddon and some
rising stars on offence will start to resurrect a moribund franchise.
Opening-day starter Scott Kazmir, only 22, has Cy Young potential (but not just
yet). Carl Crawford, Julio Lugo and Jorge Cantu galvanize a good offence. But
the pitching and defence reek, and departed closer Danys Baez leaves a big hole.

TORONTO BLUE JAYS An astonishing off-season turned the Jays into overnight
playoff contenders with improved pitching and offence. Troy Glaus adds pop and
closer B.J. Ryan anchors a solid bullpen. But 15 games is a lot to make up.
Questions: A.J. Burnett's health and focus, Russ Adams' bat and glove, and a
right-field platoon that could stunt both Eric Hinske and Alex Rios.

THE CENTRAL

CHICAGO WHITE SOX The World Series champions might be even better this year if a
healthy Jim Thome can power an already well-balanced offence. Javier Vazquez
joins a dominating rotation, backed by a bullpen that held opponents to a .232
average last year. Closer Bobby Jenks reportedly has lost velocity on his
fastball, which might mean he will only reach the mid-90s.

CLEVELAND INDIANS They charged, then faded, barely missing a wild-card berth in
2005. With remarkable power and pitching, the Indians are widely touted as
playoff contenders. Aaron Boone, a bust in '05, drove third-base prospect Andy
Marte to the minors this spring. But can 37-year-old Bob Wickman repeat his
45-save season? And can Cleveland overcome the loss of ERA leader Kevin
Millwood?

DETROIT TIGERS Recycling seems to suit Detroit. They hired Jim Leyland as
manager, added 41-year-old pitcher Kenny Rogers and signed closer Todd Jones,
who turns 38 in April. They're still waiting for Magglio Ordonez to produce, and
muffling disappointment over the decline of Ivan Rodriguez. Jeremy Bonderman
anchors a good rotation, but that won't compensate for a lineup of undisciplined
hitters.

KANSAS CITY ROYALS After a flurry of off-season deals, mostly for retreads (Mark
Grudzielanek, Doug Mientkiewicz, Reggie Sanders), the Royals should improve,
which means winning 66 games instead of 56. Scott Elarton and Elmer Dessens
should help an awful pitching staff. Mike Sweeney manages to hit .300 -- when
he's not on the disabled list. Worth watching: centre-fielder David DeJesus.

MINNESOTA TWINS The Twins fell to third after three straight division titles. To
revive their impotent offence, they added free agents Luis Castillo and former
Blue Jay Tony Batista. Joe Mauer is the game's best young catcher and a fine
hitter. Johan Santana leads a solid pitching staff. But the offence remains
deficient. A better year from Canadian Justin Morneau (.239-22-79) could help.

THE WEST

LOS ANGELES ANGLES The Angels remain the division favourite despite losing
starters Paul Byrd and Jarrod Washburn. Cy Young winner Bartolo Colon still
anchors the rotation, with felllow hurlers Jeff Weaver arriving from the Dodgers
and former Blue Jay swingman Kelvim Escobar from the bullpen. Vladimir Guerrero
leads a versatile offence, but he's not even their most exciting player. Chone
Figgins is. Question-marks: Garret Anderson's health and power.

OAKLAND ATHLETICS Their pitching might take them all the way. Canadian
right-hander Rich Harden, who hails from Victoria, leads a solid rotation
bolstered by the addition of the well-travelled Esteban Loaiza. Closer Huston
Street had a 1.72 ERA and 23 saves as a rookie. If he can behave himself, former
Dodger Milton Bradley should improve the offence. And if Frank Thomas returns
from the wilderness with his old power, look out.

SEATTLE MARINERS After sharing in Japan's euphoric victory in this past spring's
World Baseball Classic, how can Ichiro Suzuki avoid a letdown as a marvellous
player on a lacklustre team? Even with the additions of outfielder Carl Everett,
pitcher Jarrod Washburn and Kenji Johjima -- a veteran Japanese catcher -- the
Mariners are stuck in neutral. Worth watching: RHP Felix Hernandez, just 20,
looms as a premier fireballer.

TEXAS RANGERS The Rangers continue to tread water. They have a daunting offence,
even without Alfonso Soriano, and a mediocre pitching staff, even after adding
Millwood. Michael Young and Mark Teixeira are elite hitters, and Brad Wilkerson
adds grit, both offensively and defensively. Even if billionaire owner Tom Hicks
succeeds in his pretentious campaign to land the recently retired (yet again)
Roger Clemens, Texas will not contend.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Ron Vesely, MLB Photos via Getty Images / How did the World
Series-champion Chicago White Sox get better? They added right-hander Javier
Vazquez to their rotation.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             April 20, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Broncos starting switch to Manning's offence

BYLINE: Arnie Stapleton, The Leader-Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 244 words

DATELINE: ENGLEWOOD, COLO.


Out with the old option. In with the new nohuddle.

The Denver Broncos are getting their first taste of the hurry-up-ataltitude
offence that Peyton Manning will unleash on the NFL this fall if everything
keeps going well with his surgically repaired neck.

Although the full installation of the Broncos' new offence won't happen until
summertime, Manning and his receivers are putting the foundation in place during
the team's voluntary workouts this month.

"You get a sense that that's coming along," receiver Andre Caldwell said. "We're
in the beginning process, but you can tell by the way they're installing the
offence that it's going to be a lot more difficult and he's going to be back to
doing what he did in Indianapolis."

When they signed Manning to a $96-million deal and dealt Tim Tebow to the New
York Jets, the Broncos scrapped the option-style offence they had dusted off
last season to fit the scrambling southpaw's unique skill set.

Now, it's all about the fast-paced switcheroo offence that's the basis of
Manning's maniacal motions at the line of scrimmage as he deciphers defences.

Linebacker Joe Mays said the only defence that will appreciate the turbocharged
no-huddle is Denver's, which will have to keep pace with Manning every day in
practice and be better for it.

He can just imagine how opponents are going to feel sucking air in the fourth
quarter after running up and down the field, often unable to switch personnel
because of the Broncos' pace.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 3, 2015 Tuesday

York youngsters named All-Americans for their football exploits

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 187 words


While attending an Offense-Defense Football Camp this summer, Darien Mayo and
Colin Douglas, both age 10, of York, were named as Offense-Defense All-Americans
and invited to participate in the 10th annual Offense-Defense Bowl Week
festivities taking place at Municipal Stadium in Daytona Beach, Florida, from
Dec. 28 through Jan. 2.

Mayo, a defensive end, and Douglas, a quarterback, play for the Dallastown
Cougars. They were selected for the honor from a group of young athletes
numbering in the thousands across the country.

The Offense-Defense Youth All-American Bowl is part of a week-long series of
events, including the 10th annual Offense-Defense All-American Bowl, an all-star
football game showcasing 80 of the top high school seniors in the country. That
event has featured current NFL pros such as Cam Newton, Joe Haden, Earl Thomas
and Dez Bryant, among others, before they were collegiate and later professional
stars.

Offense-Defense Sports has been running full-contact football instructional
camps for the past 45 years and currently operates in approximately 40 camp
locations nationwide every spring and summer.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darien Mayo, left, and Colin Douglas, have both been named Offense
-Defense All-Americans. The two 10-year-old Yorkers have been invited to compete
in the 10th annual Offense-Defense Bowl Week festivities in Daytona Beach,
Florida.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            October 8, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Wildcats offense goes rolling into Dover

BYLINE: SEAN KERNAN - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION D; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 401  words


No team in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference has a tougher schedule than
Delaware State. The Hornets played, and lost to, three nationally ranked NCAA
Division I-AA opponents in as many weeks. Things dont get any easier today for
the Hornets, because one of the highest-scoring teams in I-AA visits Dover, Del.
Bethune-Cookman, which ranks ninth among I-AA teams and leads the MEAC with a
scoring average of 39.2 points per game, also brings the nations No. 10 rushing
offense (242 yards per game) to Alumni Stadium. And while the B-CC offense didnt
get off to a strong start in its first two games, it has been rolling since
quarterback Jimmie Russell has gotten on track. All of the above has gotten the
attention of Deleware State coach Al Lavan.

They not only have the hottest offense, but the most productive offense in the
conference, Lavan said. They run an (option) offense thats different from what
everybody else in the conference does and they do it with good skill players.
When you have very skilled players who can improvise, that creates a great
challenge for your defensive unit. Delaware State (2-3 overall, 1-1 in MEAC)
just finished a three-game run against nationally ranked opponents 2004 national
champion James Madison, Coastal Carolina and Hampton. The Hornets lost those
games by a combined score of 115-21 and scored just two touchdowns. According to
NCAA rankings, Del States schedule ranks as the seventh toughest in I-AA.

Its been pretty challenging, said Lavan, a second-year head coach who had to
face I-AA powers Massachusetts and Southern Illinois in his first season. All
you can do is play whatevers there on the schedule. Although it doesnt look like
it from the scores, I believe we have gotten better. Bethune-Cookman would have
been a fourth nationally ranked opponent if not for a three-point loss to South
Carolina State three weeks ago. But that loss in which B-CC scored 24 points
helped get the Wildcats on track. Russell started that game, was replaced by
backup Jarod Rucker after a slow start, and returned to help B-CC overcome a
20-0 deficit after Rucker was injured. Russell has been the starter since, and
with seven rushing touchdowns and two passing TDs in victories over Norfolk
State and Morgan State, the redshirt sophomore has twice been named the MEACs
Offensive Player of the Week. Hes seventh in I-AA in scoring with an average of
11 points a game.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 25, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Wide-open offense winning

BYLINE: Jim Corbett

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 679 words


Maybe the game has reached the point where offense can win championships.

Phil Simms watched the New England Patriots and Dallas Cowboys go up and down
the field with such ease during New England's 48-27 Oct.14 runaway, and he
reconsidered a premise from last season's Super Bowl championship run by the
Indianapolis Colts.

"I raised the question last year," the CBS analyst and former New York Giants
quarterback says. "When I look at the NFL right now, we're not in 'The Year of
the Great Defense,' that's for sure."

Simms sees a changing landscape in the NFL.

"I heard somebody say, 'The Patriots better get the run game going,'" Simms
says. "Well, this is not 1950 anymore."

Tom Brady and his bunch of dynamic receivers and Peyton Manning and the Colts
have lent credence to what Simms sees as they head toward their Nov.4 collision
of (potential) unbeatens.

More than ever, it's a wide-open league. The Patriots are averaging 39.9 points,
the Cowboys 32.4, the Colts 32.2, the Cleveland Browns 27.8 and the New York
Giants 26.7. The common denominator? Strong-armed quarterbacks.

"All the stuff defenses have done in years past, the blitzing, zone blitzes,
offenses have found ways to block it, and that's enabled them to make plays,"
Simms says. "The offenses are spread out more than ever, and it makes it harder
to trick the offense.

"Throw in the throwers and catchers, and we're seeing some great results. More
than ever, the throwers are dominating."

The single-season scoring record of 556 points set by the 1998 Minnesota Vikings
seems in jeopardy. It is notable that Patriots playmaker Randy Moss, with 10
touchdowns in seven games, had a career-high 17 TD catches for the 1998 Vikings.

"It's about creating little seams, and the good throwers, Tom Brady, Peyton
Manning and Brett Favre, are throwing the ball in there," Simms says. "Tom Brady
and Peyton have tremendous talent. They're putting up great numbers. But don't
discount the talent around them."

There's no discounting a swarming, third-ranked Colts defense was key in a 29-7
pounding of the Jacksonville Jaguars. Or that New England's fourth-ranked
defense has been overshadowed by its offense.

But it's more than ever about passing on early downs.

"It's just the changing of the league. You're seeing more and more quarterbacks
in shotgun on first down," Simms says. "You put a quarterback in shotgun,
they're better against the blitz."

Brady has 27 touchdowns and is on pace for 61, which would shatter Manning's
record of 49 touchdowns set in 2004.

Simms sees a passer attacking defenses and dictating terms from the start as
Brady did with two jump-ball touchdowns to Moss despite double coverage in New
England's 49-28 pummeling of the Miami Dolphins.

The Pats have scored on every opening possession, with four TDs.

"What's impressive about what Brady is doing, they're always looking for the
hammer," Simms says.

"The Patriots, Colts, Cowboys, Giants, Chargers are all pretty good offenses
with one thing in common: Most of their plays are called to throw it down the
field. And if it's not there, they check it down."

Six Week 7 games were won by teams scoring 29 points or more.

Simms noted an overlooked factor. "The changing of the rules last year, how
quarterbacks get to rub up the footballs, helps them tremendously in bad
weather," Simms says. "That's huge.

"And we're getting winter later."

Deion and Devin: Deion Sanders remains a mentor to Chicago Bears return
man/wideout Devin Hester, texting the second-year pro scripture Sunday mornings.

While Sanders is pleased with the way Hester handled his success and work ethic
this offseason, there's something the NFL Network analyst is on Hester about.

He urges Hester to make one dramatic cutback.

"The only thing I have a dilemma with is his hair," Sanders says of Hester's
flowing dreadlocks. "I'm being a big brother and mentor, and when I look at
Reggie Bush, Peyton Manning and LaDainian Tomlinson, I want Devin to have the
endorsement opportunities those guys have. The commonality they have is they're
clean-cut. That's why I want him to cut his hair."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Phil Coale, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

New Jersey: The high cost of jail -- Part 1: Bridgeton Mayor Albert B. Kelly

LENGTH: 776  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Cumberland County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news
release:

One of the benefits of living in the 21st century is the amount of data
available to us on almost any subject. Not too long ago I came across a report,
"Incarceration's Front Door: The Misuse of Jails in America," prepared by the
Vera Institute of Justice.

There's a lot to consider in the 56-page report, which focuses on local jails
like Cumberland County Jail, and the first thing is that we as a country
incarcerate more of our citizens than any other country in the world.

They focus here because the local jail as they describe it is the "gateway to
the criminal justice system." For the record, there are over 3,000 jails in the
U.S. These jails have nearly 12 million admissions circulate through the doors
each year and, on any given day, jails house over 730,000 people.

When we think of "jail" we think "criminal" -- bad guys who deserve to be there.
While local jails do house people awaiting trial for serious offenses, the study
says roughly 75 percent of those in jail are there for nonviolent offenses like
small-time drug possession, traffic violations, disorderly person's offenses and
other misdemeanors.

A study done of the jail system in Los Angeles County by the institute found
that the largest groups in the jail were those charged with traffic or
vehicle-related offenses. In 1983, the average stay in jail was 14 days; in 2013
it was 23 days. The concern is not the folks who can make a phone call and post
bail in a few hours, but those who can't.

The study's main point on misuse is that being detained in jail for multiple
days or weeks on minor charges is often the start of a downward spiral that does
more damage to the individual, his or her family, and the community than the
original offense.

Time in jail usually means the loss of a job and lost wages, loss of an
apartment, falling behind on bills or other financial obligations. The cycle
compounds itself from there. It can lead to homelessness or loss of children.
Jail is always unproductive.

The cycle is hard. Consider Chicago where 21 percent of the people booked in a
four year-span from 2007 to 2011 accounted for 50 percent of their total jail
admissions. In New York City from 2008 to 2013, 473 individuals were each booked
into jail 18 times or more. No frequent flyer points here.

We call it "recidivism" and it's not always people choosing criminality; it's
because once the cycle is locked in, people get further and further away from
stability and then get sucked into the cycle of jail-release-jail-release-jail.

Looking through the eyes of certain individuals and groups, African-Americans
are more likely to be impacted by our penchant for locking people up as are
Latinos. The same goes for the poor and lower income individuals and families.

But maybe you have little sympathy for people or groups; believing that anyone
in jail must belong there because after all, you've never had a problem with
"the system." So be it, but surely we can agree that from a fiscal standpoint,
there has to be a better way to spend taxpayer money.

From 1982 to 2011, spending on jails has increased 235 percent, according to
this report. And out of the approximately $60 billion spent in total on
"corrections," $22 billion is spent on local jails, expenditures that compete
with schools, recreation, and a host of other necessary public services.

If we can cut the number of jail admissions using alternatives, it would mean
lowering the number of individuals being housed in local jails at any one time
and this would lower overall expenditures on the local and state level. While I
don't always agree with Governor Christie, I do applaud his efforts at finding
alternatives to incarceration such as drug courts and diversion programs.

Imagine the productive uses we could find for the revenues we're not spending on
locking up low-risk low-level offenders. Since jail has little to do with
"rehabilitation" and everything to do with punitive punishment, there's no value
added here.

It's time for creative alternatives involving drug treatment, relevant job
training, serious community service or some combination of these. Alternatives
might include partnerships with colleges, churches, vocational schools,
volunteer groups, businesses, or local industry.

When it comes to jail, it's time to think outside the box. Aside from
corrections-related jobs, we're simply not getting any return on the tax
revenues expended on low-risk low-level offenders cycling through our local
jails.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday

In Timberwolves' offense, centers will have to work for their points

BYLINE: By Ray Richardson rrichardson@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Timberwolves

LENGTH: 599 words


The best way for a center on the Timberwolves roster to stay involved with the
team's new offense is to follow a rather simple directive from coach Kurt
Rambis.

"Our centers should be able to get the ball inside if they're willing to run the
floor," Rambis said.

The Wolves' up-tempo approach poses a challenge for 7-foot centers Ryan Hollins
and Jared Reiner. Both free agents have to keep up with rookie point guard Jonny
Flynn or whoever pushes the ball up the court to get in position for scoring
opportunities.

Hollins and Reiner will not be primary scoring options in the Wolves' revamped
offense, but both could get opportunities if opponents throw double-teams at
forwards Al Jefferson or Kevin Love.

"It's a good offense for a center to get touches," said Reiner, a former
University of Iowa standout who played in Europe the past two seasons. "You get
a chance to make reads on the defense and handle the ball a little more."

If the Wolves decide to keep Reiner and Hollins, who spent time last season with
Charlotte and Dallas, the team will have centers with varying skills. The
255-pound Reiner is more advanced as a low-post scoring option; Hollins, listed
at 230 pounds, is an athletic defender capable of providing a shot-blocking
presence in the middle.

"I know my biggest impact on the team will be on the defensive end," Hollins
said. "I know that's where I can help this team. We have a lot of guys who can
score."

The Wolves' new offense will feature variations of the famed triangle offense --
the system cultivated by Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson that led to NBA
titles with the Lakers and Chicago. Whenever Rambis talks about the offense,
most of the focus is on Flynn, Jefferson, Love and swingman Corey Brewer.

Hollins and Reiner likely will have to take advantage of scoring opportunities
when they come. Defensively, their roles are more critical. One of the key roles
is to help Jefferson and Love rebound to help ignite fast-break chances.

Hollins' agility on defense has been noticed. He has been particularly effective
at switching assignments to help out on players driving to the basket.

"I want to be there to cover up for guys who might have made a mistake," Hollins
said. "I want to do the things I feel I do best -- move around on the floor and
block shots."

Aching Al: At the end of each practice, it looks as if Jefferson needs help
leaving Bresnan Arena.

The Wolves' star is fitted with huge ice packs on both knees to help ease
soreness. Still, Jefferson insists his surgically repaired right knee is not
giving him problems in training camp.

"I'm aching everywhere except my knee," a weary Jefferson said after Friday
morning's practice. "My thigh muscles hurt the most. When I get in better shape,
I'll be fine."

Jefferson's participation is being monitored after he had surgery Feb. 18 to
repair a torn anterior cruciate ligament.

Briefly: Friday night's session ended two-a-day workouts at camp.

The Wolves have a practice at 11 a.m. today at Bethany Lutheran College in
Mankato. Homecoming events on the Minnesota State Mankato campus forced the
Wolves to move practice from Bresnan Arena.


     ·    Rambis said he would not make any roster cuts until after Sunday
          night's preseason opener against Milwaukee at Bresnan. The team will
          break camp after the game and return to the Twin Cities.


Sunday's game is at 5 p.m. Tickets are available at the Bresnan box office.


     ·    Ukrainian forward Oleksiy Pecherov had part of a cast that was
          protecting a broken bone in his left hand removed. He did some light
          shooting after Friday morning's practice. He will not play Sunday
          night.


LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            October 13, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Seahawks, Rams should put up good numbers

BYLINE: The Province

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A52

LENGTH: 1045  words


Mastering the matchups

Seattle (3-1) at St. Louis (4-1) - These teams typically play in tight games and
put up good numbers, so expect that trend to continue this week. Seattle RB
Maurice Morris should get the carries he needs to help you, so start him.

Buffalo (2-3) at Detroit (0-5) - The Bills have been weak against the run, so RB
Kevin Jones is a good play. On the back end, they are tougher, so don't expect
more than a solid game from the Lions' passing attack. Bills QB J.P. Losman is a
viable starter if you need him, against a weak Lions secondary. The Lions can
stop the run, but RB Willis McGahee should be OK.

Carolina (3-2) at Baltimore (4-1) - The Ravens won't give up much to RB DeShaun
Foster, so look for WR Steve Smith to come through with at least one big play.
The best player on the Ravens is TE Todd Heap, since the Panthers have been
shaky against the TE.

Cincinnati (3-1) at Tampa Bay (0-4) - This is a Rudi Johnson game, since the
Bucs are vulnerable to a big power back. But Cincy will look to get over the top
on this defence early in the passing game. The matchup looks best for RB Carnell
Williams for Tampa, but you also have to start WR Joey Galloway because it
doesn't matter who starts at QB.

Houston (1-3) at Dallas (2-2) - The Cowboys should explode offensively, so start
everyone. The Texans will be throwing all day from behind, so look for good
numbers from their key offensive players, especially WR Andre Johnson.

N.Y. Giants (2-2) at Atlanta (3-1) - This is a tough spot for the Giants offence
, so don't expect a big game from New York's key guys. Expect the Falcons
running game (QB Michael Vick included) to give the shaky Giant OLBs fits. TE
Alge Crumpler has a good matchup here, so start him.

Philadelphia (4-1) at New Orleans (4-1) - The Saints defence has been playing
way over its head, and the potent Eagles offence will dismantle it quickly, so
expect the great production to continue for Philly. This is not a good week for
the Saints running game, but RB Reggie Bush could give the Eagle LBs trouble as
a receiver.

Tennessee (0-5) at Washington (2-3) - The Redskins defence will blitz QB Vince
Young and limit this offence, so I would avoid the Titan players this week. On
the other side, it's all systems go for the Redskins players against one of the
worst defences in the NFL.

Kansas City (2-2) at Pittsburgh (1-3) - You have to start RB Larry Johnson, but
don't expect much against an angry Steelers defence that will key on him. RB
Willie Parker's matchup is easier, and he should grind out solid numbers.

Miami (1-4) at N.Y. Jets (2-3) - This should be RB Ronnie Brown's best game,
since the Jets haven't been able to stop the run, and the whole offence should
be in decent shape. Look for the Jets to have some success passing.

San Diego (3-1) at San Francisco (2-3) - The Chargers offence should be in great
shape this week, particularly the stud RB and TE. For the 49ers, the offence
should run into a brick wall, so avoid everyone if you can, even RB Frank Gore.

Oakland (0-4) at Denver (3-1) - The Broncos are starting to heat up, and they
will dominate this game, so expect RB Tatum Bell to have a big day. I don't give
much hope to the Raider players in this one.

Chicago (5-0) at Arizona (1-4) - The Bears offence should continue its roll
against a very beatable Cardinal defence, and QB Matt Leinart will have a tough
go for sure. He'll likely get one TD, but that's about it. Bench RB Edgerrin
James, who looks slow and plodding.

nfl stock watch

Upgrades

Matt Leinart (QB, Arizona) - He's already proved he belongs in the starting
lineup, and while there will be speed bumps ahead, he should be productive
against most defences he'll face.

Tatum Bell (RB, Denver) - Always comfortable in the system, he's gaining the
tough yards, and he's still got that breakaway ability. Bell's a player who's in
a very favourable situation, and he's making the most of it.

Leon Washington (RB, N.Y. Jets) - Washington has the speed Kevan Barlow does
not, and the Jets like him, so he will continue to be used, possibly a lot.

Reggie Brown (WR, Philadelphia) - He's a very key player in a very potent
offence. At worst, he should be starting for you each week, and he's proven he
can produce without Donte Stallworth in the lineup.

Bryant Johnson (WR, Arizona) - This guy can play, and he will give WR-starved
teams a viable No. 3 while starter Larry Fitzgerald is out.

Randy McMichael (TE, Mia) - All of a sudden, McMichael was very relevant, as
Joey Harrington went to him often. With Harrington sticking as the starter for
now, feel better using McMichael.

Downgrades

Jamal Lewis (RB, Baltimore) - Lewis may not be all that old, but he has a tonne
of wear and tear on his body - and it shows. Lewis looks done.

Hines Ward (WR, Pittsburgh) - His hamstring injury didn't get much better coming
off the bye, and his team's passing game is still in a major funk.

Antonio Bryant (WR, San Francisco) - He's proven lately that he is what he is: a
volatile player you can't rely on every week.

Jeremy Shockey (TE, N.Y. Giants) - The main issue is the lingering one with his
ankle, but a lack of chemistry with the QB has been apparent on some plays.

Adam Vinatieri (PK, Indiana) - If you have another productive option on your
bench, I can't blame you for dropping him.

This Week's Key Injuries:

Eagle RB Brian Westbrook (knee) surprisingly practised Wednesday and is expected
to start on Sunday, barring a setback.

Giant TE Jeremy Shockey (ankle) was limited on Wednesday, but as long as he
doesn't have a setback, he should start.

Lion WR Roy Williams (back) didn't practise on Wednesday, but he was expected to
do so late this week and start.

- - -

FANTASY TIP OF THE WEEK

Know your expectations. Do you need to swing for the fences or should you play
it safe? Can you risk a 0 in the hopes that your hit-or-miss guy can get 15
points? Your expectations for your players can help you make tough lineup
decisions.

THIS WEEK'S HOT PICKUPS

Rating 5 Matt Leinart (QB, Arizona)

Rating 4 Bryant Johnson (WR, Arizona)

Rating 3 LenDale White (RB, Tennessee)

Rating 3 Leon Washington (RB, Jets)

Rating 3 Travis Henry (RB, Tennessee)

Rating 2 Wes Welker (WR, Miami)

Rating 2 Alex Smith (TE, Tampa Bay)

Rating 1 Vince Young (QB, Tennessee)

Rating 1 Hank Baskett (WR, Pha.)

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: The Associated Press; FANTASY PLAYER OF THE WEEK: DONOVAN MCNABB, QB,
PHILADELPHIA: The dream season continued for Donovan McNabb, here eluding a
Ravens tackler in preseason play, as he threw for 354 yards and two touchdowns
and added a rushing TD to his monstrous fantasy totals in a Week 5 victory
against division-rival Dallas.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             March 30, 2012 Friday

Kragthorpe: Brandon Doman says Riley Nelson can run 'BYU offense'

BYLINE: By Kurt Kragthorpe Tribune Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; BYU Cougars

LENGTH: 747 words


Provo

Riley Nelson spent the winter studying films of BYU's star quarterbacks of the
past, going back to Virgil Carter in the 1960s.

Offensive coordinator Brandon Doman contends Nelson belongs in that group, which
is saying a lot.

That belief runs contrary to those of us who have always perceived Nelson as a
BYU version of Tim Tebow -- a good athlete and a playmaker, but not a genuine QB
capable of throwing the football well enough to beat top-tier opponents.
Actually, it required a conversion of Doman's thinking as well.

With the Cougars concluding spring drills this week, Doman shared the results of
his own offseason evaluation. "I looked at myself as a coach and I thought, 'I
need to give [Nelson] a chance to really see how he can succeed in this offense
,' " Doman said. "So we are running the BYU offense right now."

To appreciate the impact of that statement, you almost have to hear how Doman
said "BYU." He invoked the school's name with a mixture of reverence for the
program, allegiance to Nelson and defiance to the doubters, in response to my
question about tailoring his offense to Nelson's skills.

His observation came during an interview in which Doman, with his usual candor,
basically blamed himself for Jake Heaps' failings and credited Nelson with
salvaging Doman's first season as a coordinator. Utah State's Matt Wells and
Utah's Brian Johnson should learn from Doman's experience in taking over their
offenses this year (although the Utes have a veteran quarterback, Jordan Wynn).

"I was way too complex, tried too many things and never created an identity for
this offense," Doman said.

So Doman is simplifying the scheme. That's not a commentary on Nelson's ability,
because Doman says Nelson can do everything BYU's quarterbacks have always done
in an offense that's based on the QB's timing, decision making and accuracy.

In 2011, Nelson produced some statistics supporting that claim. After completing
57 percent of his passes with 19 touchdowns and seven interceptions, Nelson
ranks eighth in the country among returning quarterbacks in passing efficiency.

This is where judging Nelson gets tricky, though. After four games last season,
with Heaps taking nearly every snap, BYU ranked 111th in total offense. But the
Cougars had faced Texas and Central Florida, which finished the season in the
top 11 in total defense, plus Utah (38th) and Mississippi, which ranked only
90th but still featured SEC athletes.

So while the quarterback change obviously sparked the offense, which climbed to
41st nationally by the end of the season, Nelson faced only one top-40 defense
(Texas Christian's, 32nd).

In the Armed Forces Bowl against Tulsa's No. 87 defense, Nelson had completed
only 15 of 38 passes before hitting his last two attempts, including the
touchdown pass to Cody Hoffman. He was intercepted twice, and Tulsa's defenders
had the ball in their hands on other occasions. Yet Nelson managed to win the
game, scrambling for a first down on a fourth-and-9 play on the final drive and
throwing the winning pass.

That poise and playmaking ability make him intriguing, going into a season that
will determine how he's remembered at BYU, along with all those other
quarterbacks he's studying and trying to emulate. John Beck and Max Hall, BYU's
most recent senior QBs, each went 11-2 with some signature wins.

To match that record, Nelson would have to beat at least two of these opponents
on the road: Utah, Boise State, Notre Dame and Georgia Tech.

That's asking a lot. I'd say if Nelson wins even one of those four games, he
will have validated Doman's opinion of him -- and changed mine.

kkragthorpe@sltrib.com

Twitter: @tribkurt Alt Heads:

Brandon Doman says Riley Nelson can run 'BYU offense' Riley's projected ranking

Riley Nelson will enter his senior season with a 7-3 record as BYU's starting
quarterback. Based on a projection of 9-4 in 2012, here's how Nelson would rank
among Cougar QBs since the school's passing era began in 1973 (minimum 10
starts):
Quarterback    Years  Record     Pct
                                 .
Robbie Bosco   1984-8 24-3       .88
               5                 9
Brandon Doman  2000-0 14-2       .87
               1                 5
Jim McMahon    1978-8 26-4       .86
               1                 7
Marc Wilson    1977-7 22-4       .84
               9                 6
Max Hall       2007-0 32-7       .82
               9                 0
Steve          1995-9 21-5       .80
Sarkisian      6                 8
Steve Young    1981-8 20-6       .76
               3                 9
Ty Detmer      1988-9 29-9-2     .75
               1                 0
Gifford        1975-7 17-6       .73
Nielsen        7                 9
Sean Covey     1987-8 13-5       .72
               8                 2
Riley Nelson   2010-1 16-7       .69
               2                 5
Kevin Feterik  1997-9 21-12      .63
               9                 6
Steve Lindsley 1986   7-4        .63
                                 6
Jake Heaps     2010-1 10-6       .62
               1                 5
John Beck      2003-0 22-16      .57
               6                 9
Gary Sheide    1973-7 11-8-1
               4      .575
Bret Engemann  2000-0 5-6        .45
               2                 5
Matt Berry     2000-0 5-10       .33
               4                 3

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brigham Young Cougars quarterback Riley Nelson runs the ball against
the Idaho Vandals at Lavell Edwards Stadium, Saturday, Nov. 12, 2011.
Brigham Young Cougars quarterback Riley Nelson threw three interception against
San Jose State at Lavell Edwards Stadium, Saturday, Oct. 8, 2011.
Quarterback Riley Nelson, who helped lead BYU to a come-from-behind victory on
Friday over Tulsa in the Armed Forces Bowl, will continue to be inconsistent for
the Cougars in 2012, Kurt Kragthorpe believes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

Sooners think outside the huddle;
College Football

BYLINE: Thayer Evans - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 673 words

DATELINE: MIAMI GARDENS, Florida


Jay Norvell is used to being in a hurry.

While Norvell was the receivers coach for the Indianapolis Colts, quarterback
Peyton Manning effortlessly led the team's no-huddle offense. He was the tight
ends coach with the Oakland Raiders when quarterback Rich Gannon orchestrated a
no-huddle offense all the way to Super Bowl XXXVII to cap the 2002 season.

At Oklahoma, Norvell is in his first year as the assistant offense coordinator
and receivers coach. And once again, he finds himself coaching a no-huddle
offense as the Sooners play Florida here on Thursday night in the Bowl
Championship Series title game. With the Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback, Sam
Bradford, at the helm, the Sooners used the attack for the first time this
season and did so in record-setting fashion.

Oklahoma's coach, Bob Stoops, instructed the offensive coordinator Kevin Wilson,
who ran the no-huddle at two previous stops, to install the offense for this
season, but it is hardly a coincidence that Norvell is involved. Norvell's role
as the Sooners' pass game coordinator has had a profound effect.

''Jay has contributed in a great way,'' Stoops, who played alongside Norvell at
Iowa, said in a telephone interview. ''He's really worked well with the guys
that are here and helped make the whole thing better.''

Led by Bradford, Oklahoma became the highest-scoring team in the modern era (702
points). It is also the first team in the modern era to score 60 or more points
in five consecutive games.

Moreover, the Sooners are the only team in Football Bowl Subdivision history to
have a 4,000-yard passer (Bradford) and two 1,000-yard rushers (Chris Brown and
DeMarco Murray, who suffered a season-ending injury in the Big 12 title game
last month) in a season.

''Him coming in and having his input on the no-huddle has been very helpful for
this offense,'' Bradford said of Norvell.

Norvell was hired as the receivers coach at Oklahoma in February 2002, but left
after a month to become the tight ends coach for the Raiders, who were coached
by Bill Callahan. Norvell followed Callahan to Nebraska in 2004 as the offensive
coordinator and took the same job at UCLA in 2007.

When UCLA changed coaches after his first season there, Norvell was looking for
a job before being hired again by Stoops last January. He filled the vacancy of
Kevin Sumlin, who became Houston's coach.

Besides helping shape Oklahoma's no-huddle offense, Norvell has also had a
profound impact on the Sooners' wide receivers. He has demanded that they become
better at blocking and running after the catch.

''He's made us step our game up,'' wide receiver Juaquin Iglesias said. ''He's
more of a perfectionist.''

Norvell's presence is noticeable in Oklahoma's offense, said Dan McCarney,
Florida's defensive line coach. Norvell was an assistant under McCarney at Iowa
State from 1995 to 1997.

''I don't think there's any doubt that he's had an impact on that,'' said
McCarney, who was an assistant at Iowa when Norvell played there.

Although Nebraska never ran a no-huddle offense during Norvell's three seasons
there, his vast offensive knowledge of the scheme was evident, Zac Taylor, a
former Nebraska quarterback, said during a telephone interview. Taylor was so
inspired by Norvell that he cites him as a major influence for his foray into
coaching college football.

''He is very bright,'' said Taylor, the 2006 Big 12 offensive player of the year
and now a quality-control offense coach at Texas A&M. ''When he installs an
offense, he paints a picture with what he's saying. You can install a play, but
to a player, it's just a piece of paper with a bunch of lines on it. He brings
the play to life.

''If that's what you want to call genius, then so be it.''

Callahan said he was surprised that Norvell did not get a job as head coach this
season on the heels of Oklahoma's offensive prowess. He was a finalist last year
to succeed Purdue's coach, Joe Tiller, who retired after this season.

''There's no doubt that he'll be a head coach,'' Callahan said. ''It's just a
very short matter of time.''

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      July 21, 2001 Saturday Final Edition

Optimism reigns as NFL camps set to open

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Dave Goldberg

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 602 words


The Indianapolis Colts will be desperately trying to upgrade a defence that
could allow Peyton Manning, Edgerrin James, Marvin Harrison and their explosive
offence to carry them past the first round of the playoffs when they open
training camp next Thursday.

In Tampa, new quarterback Brad Johnson will try to energize a dreary offence
that's hamstrung one of the NFL's best defences for the past three seasons.

This is NFL 2001, where the salary cap doesn't allow teams to excel on both
offence and defence, but excellence on one side wins Super Bowls. In fact,
balance seems bad: Teams that spend for both offence and defence tend to be
mediocre on both.

"If you have a good offence, you tend to want to enhance it, and the same goes
if you have a good defence," says Bill Polian, the Colts' president. "We're
spending a lot on our offence, including re-signing our offensive linemen to
protect Peyton. That gives us very little to spend on defence."

It's a theory proven by the last two NFL champions.

The Baltimore Ravens won last season with a defence that allowed the fewest
points in modern NFL history and beat the New York Giants 34-7 in the Super
Bowl. In 1999, the champions were the St. Louis Rams, with one of the top
offences the NFL has seen.

But the Rams were just 10-6 last season and lost their first playoff game
because the defence allowed a league-high 471 points, almost double the previous
season. So when they open camp Wednesday, they'll have a new defensive
co-ordinator in Lovie Smith and as many as seven new starters, led by six-time
Pro Bowl cornerback Aeneas Williams, obtained in a trade with Arizona.

"I've never seen an offence move this fast, and if we can get the defence up to
par, there's no telling where we can go," says another newcomer, linebacker Mark
Fields, signed as a free agent from New Orleans.

Optimism, of course, is rampant at the start of camp.

But such faith also is realistic in a league where more than half of the 31
teams can go to camp believing if they stay healthy and things break right, they
have a shot.

Here's why:

In the last three seasons, there have been six different teams in the Super
Bowl. In the last two, none of the four participants were better than .500 the
previous season.

The Rams were 4-12 in 1998, then won it all in 1999, beating Tennessee, which
was 8-8 the previous season; the Ravens went from 8-8 to champions and the
Giants, 7-9 in 1999, improved to 12-4 and routed Minnesota 41-0 in the NFC title
game. Non-Super Bowl teams have made major turnarounds, too. The Colts went from
3-13 in '98 to 13-3 in '99, and New Orleans from 3-13 to 10-6 and its first-ever
playoff win last season.

But what goes up often goes back down, like Jacksonville, a power from its
second NFL season in 1996 until last year, when injuries were a major reason for
a fall to 7-9. Now, cap problems mean that as many as 18 rookies could make the
team, and the Jaguars will have to depend on players such as oft-injured running
back Fred Taylor to remain in perfect health.

The Vikings are another team that could fall. They've made the playoffs in eight
of Dennis Green's nine seasons as head coach, although they've never reached the
Super Bowl. Now, Green, whose defence was exposed in that NFC title loss to New
York, must find a way to win after losing running back Robert Smith and
defensive tackle John Randle, among others.

In the AFC, Baltimore and Oakland are the favourites, with Denver, Indianapolis
and Tennessee as potential contenders. In the NFC, the Rams and Bucs are on top
in the early line.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                       July 13, 2015 Monday 12:47 PM  EST

PRESIDENT OBAMA GRANTS COMMUTATIONS

LENGTH: 2735 words


WASHINGTON, July 13 -- The U.S. Department of Justice Office of Public Affairs
issued the following press release:

Today, President Barack Obama granted commutations of sentence to 46
individuals.

The President granted commutations of sentence to the following 46 individuals:

* Jerry Allen Bailey - Charlotte, NC

Offense: Conspiracy to violate narcotics laws (crack) (Western District of North
Carolina)

Sentence: 360 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Apr. 2, 1996)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Shauna Barry-Scott - Youngstown, OH

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base (Northern District of
Ohio)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Oct. 18, 2005)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Larry Darnell Belcher - Martinsville, VA

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine; possession with intent to
distribute marijuana (Western District of Virginia)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Dec. 15, 1997)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* John L. Houston Brower - Carthage, NC

Offense: Distributed cocaine base ("crack") (Middle District of North Carolina)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (June 22, 2002)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Nathaniel Brown - Orange Park, FL

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine (more than five kilograms) and cocaine
base (more than 50 grams); distribution of cocaine base (two counts) (Middle
District of Florida)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Aug. 1, 2002)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Norman O'Neal Brown - Hyattsville, MD

Offense: Distribute quantity of mixture or substance containing a detectable
amount cocaine base (crack), aiding and abetting (five counts); possess with
intent distribute quantity of mixture or substance containing detectable amount
of cocaine base (crack), aiding and abetting (District of Maryland)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Jan. 15, 1993)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Joseph Burgos - Chicago, IL

Offense: Distribution of cocaine; use of a communication facility in the
commission of a felony (Northern District of Illinois)

Sentence: 360 months' imprisonment; eight years' supervised release; $200,000
fine (Sept. 2, 1993)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Clarance Callies - San Antonio, TX

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute in excess of 50 grams of a mixture or
substance containing a detectable amount of cocaine base ("crack cocaine");
possession with intent to distribute in excess of 50 grams of a mixture or
substance containing a detectable amount of cocaine base ("crack cocaine")
(Western District of Texas)

Sentence: 240 months imprisonment; 8 years' supervised release (Mar. 25, 2002)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Anthony Leon Carroll - Tampa, FL

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base (Middle District of
Florida)

Sentence: 262 months' imprisonment; 5 years' supervised release (Sept. 3, 1999)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Juan Diego Castro - Laredo, TX

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute a quantity in excess of five
kilograms of cocaine (Southern District of Texas)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Feb. 1, 2002)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Joe Louis Champion - Houston, TX

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 376.9 grams of cocaine
base (crack); aiding and abetting the possession with intent to distribute 376.9
grams of cocaine base (crack) (Southern District of Texas)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release; $4,000 fine (June 19,
1997)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015, and
the remaining balance of the fine remitted.

* Cedric Culpepper - Orlando, FL

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base; possession with
intent to distribute five grams or more of cocaine base (Middle District of
Florida)

Sentence: 188 months' imprisonment; 4 years' supervised release (Nov. 15, 2004)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Walter R. Dennie - Gary, IN

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine (two counts) (Middle District of
Florida)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Apr. 25, 2002)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Steven D. Donovan - Oak Creek, WI

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine; interstate
travel to promote distribution of cocaine; possession with intent to distribute
cocaine (Eastern District of Wisconsin)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Oct. 16, 1992)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Romain Dukes - Chicago, IL

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base, "crack"; distribution of cocaine
base, "crack" (two counts) (Southern District of Iowa)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Oct. 1, 1997)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Tony Lynn Hollis - Knoxville, TN

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute 26.5 grams of cocaine base
(Eastern District of Tennessee)

Sentence: 262 months' imprisonment; eight years' supervised release (June 8,
2001)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Alex William Jackson - Mineral, VA

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base (Western District of Virginia)

Sentence: 262 months' imprisonment; 60 months' supervised release (Dec. 22,
1999); amended to 240 months' imprisonment (June 25, 2008)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Jackie Johnson - Townsend, DE

Offense: Possession with the intent to distribute more than 50 grams of a
cocaine base (District of Delaware)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Jan. 30, 2007)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Jerome Wayne Johnson - Fort White, FL

Offense: 1. Cultivation of marijuana plants (Middle District of Florida)

2. Conspiracy to manufacture, distribute, and possess with intent to distribute
more than 1,000 marijuana plants (Northern District of Florida)

Sentence: 1. 60 months' imprisonment, 5 years' supervised release (June 25,
2003)

2. 20 years' imprisonment, concurrent to sentence imposed above, 10 years'
supervised release (May 27, 2004)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Willie C. Johnson - Steele, MO

Offense: The defendant did knowingly conspire to distribute and possess with the
intent to distribute cocaine base; the defendant did knowingly distribute
cocaine base; the defendant did knowingly possess with the intent to distribute
cocaine base (Eastern District of Missouri)

Sentence: 360 months' imprisonment; five years' supervised release (Feb. 18,
2005); amended to 168 months' imprisonment (Feb. 12, 2015)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Mark Anthony Jones - Boynton Beach, FL

Offense: Distribution of cocaine base (Northern District of Florida)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (July 28, 1999)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Roy Larry Lee - St. Petersburg, FL

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base (enhanced
penalty); distribution of 50 grams or more of cocaine base (two counts) (Middle
District of Florida)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (May 3, 1990)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Kenneth Lorenzo Lewis - Charlottesville, VA

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base (Western District of Virginia)

Sentence: 262 months' imprisonment; five years' supervised release (Nov. 17,
2000)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Douglas M. Lindsay, II - Newberry, SC

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and distribution of
cocaine and cocaine base (District of South Carolina)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; five years' supervised release (Dec. 20, 1996);
amended to 293 months' imprisonment (Mar. 4, 2015)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Kevin Matthews - James Island, SC

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute and possess with intent to distribute cocaine
base (District of South Carolina)

Sentence: 232 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Feb. 11, 2004)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Marlon McNealy - St. Petersburg, FL

Offense: Conspiracy to commit racketeering (two counts); conspiracy to
distribute cocaine base; knowingly and intentionally distributing 50 grams or
more of cocaine base (three counts) (Middle District of Florida)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Aug. 18, 1993)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Brian Nickles - New Orleans, LA

Offense: Distribution of more than 50 grams of cocaine base (two counts)
(Eastern District of Louisiana)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Apr. 28, 2004)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Jermaine Lee Osborne - Roanoke, VA

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute at least 50 grams of
cocaine base (Western District of Virginia)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (May 2, 2006)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Marcus H. Richards - Miami, FL

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute and to possess with intent to distribute more
than five kilograms of cocaine and more than 50 grams of cocaine base (Northern
District of Florida)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (June 13, 2005)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Patrick Roberts - Detroit, MI

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and to distribute
controlled substances (Eastern District of Michigan)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (July 8, 1999)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Bryant Keith Shelton - Kissimmee, FL

Offense: Distribution of cocaine base (Middle District of Florida)

Sentence: 188 months' imprisonment; five years' supervised release (Apr. 1,
2003)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Ezekiel Simpson - St. Louis, MO

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base (Eastern District of
Missouri)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Feb. 3, 2005)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Katrina Stuckey Smith - Montrose, GA

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and cocaine
base (Middle District of Georgia)

Sentence: 292 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (July 20,
2000); amended to 240 months' imprisonment (Apr. 2, 2008).

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* James Marion Stockton - Martinsville, VA

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute more than five grams of cocaine
base; possession of a firearm during and in relation to a drug trafficking
offense; possession of a firearm by a convicted felon; possession with intent to
distribute cocaine base (Western District of Virginia)

Sentence: 420 months' imprisonment; eight years' supervised release (May 27,
2003)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire November 10, 2015.

* Bart Stover - Ashland, OH

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with the intent to distribute marijuana and
cocaine; use of a communication facility to facilitate the commission of drug
trafficking offense, aiding and abetting (Northern District of Ohio)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Apr. 12, 2005)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Robert Earl Thomas, Jr. - Houston, TX

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute a controlled substance (Eastern
District of Texas)

Sentence: 262 months' imprisonment; five years' supervised release (June 29,
1999)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Bruce Todd - Atlanta, GA

Offense: Distribution of at least 50 grams of crack cocaine (Northern District
of Georgia)

Sentence: 262 months' imprisonment; five years' supervised release (Mar. 3,
2003)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Jeffery Jerome Toler - Pensacola, FL

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and cocaine
base (Northern District of Florida)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (June 13, 1996)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Donald Vanderhorst - Charleston, SC

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and distribution of
five kilograms or more of cocaine and 50 grams or more of cocaine base (District
of South Carolina)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Mar. 15, 2006)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* James Nathan Walton - Thibodeaux, LA

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base (Western District of
Louisiana)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Sept. 16,
2004)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Telisha Rachette Watkins - Charlotte, NC

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and cocaine
base (Western District of North Carolina)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; eight years' supervised release (Oct. 25,
2007)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Dunning Wells - Fort Myers, FL

Offense: Unlawful possession of a firearm; distribution of a quantity of
cocaine; possession of a firearm during and in relation to a drug trafficking
crime (Middle District of Florida)

Sentence: 502 months' imprisonment; six years' supervised release (Feb. 20,
1992)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Kimberly A. Westmoreland - Columbus, OH

Offense: Conspiracy to distribute in excess of 50 grams of cocaine base;
carrying a firearm in relation to a drug trafficking crime (Southern District of
Ohio)

Sentence: 180 months' imprisonment; five years' supervised release (Jan. 21,
2004)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* James Rufus Woods - Leasburg, NC

Offense: Possess with intent to distribute cocaine base ("crack") (Middle
District of North Carolina)

Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years' supervised release (Nov. 23, 1998)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* John M. Wyatt - Las Cruces, NM

Offense: Possession with intent to distribute marihuana (Southern District of
Illinois)

Sentence: 262 months' imprisonment; eight years' supervised release; $500 fine
(Aug. 30, 2004)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015.

* Robert Joe Young - Joppa, AL

Offense: Conspiracy to possess with the intent to distribute a mixture and
substance containing methamphetamine; possession with the intent to distribute a
mixture and substance containing methamphetamine; use of a firearm during and in
furtherance of a drug trafficking crime; possession with the intent to
distribute a mixture and substance containing cocaine; carrying a firearm during
and in relation to a drug trafficking crime; endeavoring to influence and impede
the administration of justice (Northern District of Alabama)

Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment; 5 years' supervised release (Dec. 16, 2002)

Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on November 10, 2015. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Eleven people charged with cheating at Hollywood Casino Toledo

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 452 words


Aug. 08--Five indictments were issued by a Lucas County grand jury today
charging 11 people -- including both an employee and a local man -- with felony
offenses relating to cheating at Hollywood Casino Toledo.

The indictments are the first criminal charges filed locally for criminal
activity at the casino, which opened in late May.

Each of the indictments listed "unnamed casino felony offense" as the charge but
the accompanying state law code indicated the type of offense being alleged.
Each of the charges are fifth-degree felonies punishable by up to one year in
prison.

Those charged include:

*Kyle Snow, 36, of Oregon, who is accused of removing a bet after it would have
lost at the craps table.

*David Mason, 34, of Indianapolis, who is charged with illegally pulling a bet
from the blackjack table.

*Sarhad Matti, 35, of Warren, Mich., who is accused of cheating in blackjack and
then creating disturbances to retrieve the bet.

*Cordero Young, 23, of Southfield, Mich., who is employed as a dealer, and
Toyree Hawthorne, 36, of Detroit, are each charged with three counts related to
incidents on June 25 and 26. The two men were charged with cheating after Mr.
Young was allegedly found to be placing fraudulent wagers for Mr. Hawthorne at a
craps table where Mr. Young was working.

The final indictment listed six individuals from out of state who are alleged to
have participated in "an organized roulette scam." Louis Enrrique Abad, 31, of
Patterson, New Jersey; Jose M. Beato, 33, of New York; Alexander R. Mootoo, 31,
of Bronx, New York; Victor J. Rosado, 34, whose address is unknown; Katiuska
Paulino-Manzuceta, 36, of Passiac, New Jersey; and Johanny Paulino-Herrera, 23,
of Brewster, New York; were charged with a total of 29 felony counts for
conspiring to cheat at the casino's roulette table over a course of two days
from May 31 to June 1.

Authorities said the Ohio Casino Control Gaming Agents arrested the suspects
following extensive surveillance.

"One of the principle purposes of these casinos is to provide revenue to the
State of Ohio so the laws that the legislature has passed cover casino
violations will be enforced strictly by the Attorney General's office and this
office," said John Weglian, chief of the special units division of the Lucas
County prosecutor's office. "We will enforce the laws of the state."

Authorities said the crimes were captured on the multitude of cameras located
throughout the casino. Mr. Weglian said warrants were issued for those charged
who live out of state and that Mr. Snow would likely receive a summons to appear
in court.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120808-TO-Eleven-people-charged-with-cheating-at-Hollywood-Casino-Toledo-0808-
20120808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            January 8, 2011 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

DARTING A WAY OF LIFE FOR DUCKS

BYLINE: JOHN ROMANO

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 832 words

DATELINE: SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.


Back then, he was the little guy nobody had to fear.

So when he asked if he could see how they ran their offense at Clemson, they
opened their office doors and handed him the VCR remote control. Boston College?
Sure, grab a chair. Wake Forest? Pitt? North Carolina? Penn State? Georgia Tech?
Northwestern?

Over the years, he visited and borrowed from them all.

And, yes, that includes Auburn too.

For, at the time, Chip Kelly seemed harmless enough. I mean, the guy looked like
a lifer at the University of New Hampshire. He played ball at the Division I-AA
school in the late 1980s and would later spend 14 years there as an assistant
coach. What harm could possibly come from letting an assistant from a smaller
conference swipe a few notes from your playbook?

Cue the Godzilla theme.

Just 25 games into his career as a head coach, Kelly has unveiled an offense as
close to unique as it gets in college football. He has guided Oregon to a 22-3
record in his two seasons and has the Ducks in the BCS national championship
game Monday evening against Auburn. And suddenly coaches are now coming to his
door for guidance.

"When they watch us practice," Oregon center Jordan Holmes said, "the first
thing that comes out of their mouths is, 'Wow.'"

"They probably think we're out of our minds," left tackle Bo Thran said.

It's not that Kelly's offense is completely foreign. We've seen a spread
formation before. We've seen a running game operated out of the shotgun. We've
seen the no-huddle for years. What's unique is Kelly has put it all together,
then turned up the volume.

Oregon runs a fast-paced offense that never relents. It's as if the Ducks are
forever behind by a touchdown and have 50 seconds to go the length of the field.
And they play that way all game.

It's an offense that Kelly, 47, has been developing and refining for more than a
decade. He has taken bits and pieces of lots of offenses, and talked with
coaches around the country about various philosophies.

He uses what he likes and discards the rest. He studies how defenses attack
other spread formations to figure out ways he can counter. And he's not afraid
to push the envelope when he thinks he has found something new.

The entire concept is based on what Kelly learned when he visited Clemson in the
late 1990s, when Rich Rodriguez was the offensive coordinator. Rodriguez had
been tinkering with the spread formation for years after studying Mouse Davis'
old run-and-shoot offense.

Rodriguez used it when he was head coach at Glenville State (West Virginia),
then took it to Tulane as an offensive coordinator. That's where Rodriguez made
his name, as the Green Wave went 12-0 with Shaun King at quarterback.

"Oregon is way more uptempo than what we were doing, but there are similarities
in the offenses," said King, a former Buccaneers quarterback and currently a
Tampa Bay-area radio host. "What they are mimicking is what Coach Rodriguez was
trying to do, and that's get the ball to your best players in open spaces.
You're trying to put pressure on the defense to make tackles in the open field."

The style has become a huge part of college football in the past 10 seasons with
Florida winning two national championships - former offensive coordinator Dan
Mullen is a lifelong friend of Kelly's - and several other teams employing the
spread.

What Kelly has done is take it to another level. It's not that Oregon is
whipping the ball all around the field - the Ducks actually run far more than
they throw - but they are pressing the defense by spreading the field and taking
only 10 to 13 seconds before the next snap.

The concept not only tires out defenses that aren't used to that pace, but it
keeps them from making substitutions depending on down and distance. And if the
defense isn't prepared, it can get caught in the wrong package at the wrong
moment.

"We've been constantly working on pace at practice to get ready for them. Pace,
pace, pace, pace. That's all we've heard," Auburn linebacker Josh Bynes said.
"Because if you slow down or have a breakdown on just one play, they're going to
be 60 yards down the field in a blink of the eye. If you're out of your gap or
you're not deep enough, you're in trouble with the way they play."

Auburn will have its hands full trying to match Oregon's pace. Kelly introduced
the concept when he came to Oregon as offensive coordinator in 2007, but he went
to hyperspeed when he took over as head coach last season.

"Meetings are quicker, films are quicker, getting to places is quicker, our
Senior Night was quicker. Get your homework done quicker. Meals are quicker,"
guard C.E. Kaiser said. "Every part of your life is expected to be done
quickly."

"When we get down time, we don't know what to do," receiver D.J. Davis said.
"It's taken over our whole world."

Which is exactly the way Kelly has planned it.

- jromano@sptimes.com

* * *

FAST FACTS

BCS title game

No. 1 Auburn vs. No. 2 Oregon, 8:30 Monday, University of Phoenix Stadium,
Glendale, Ariz. TV: ESPN Line: Auburn by 2-1/2

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Oregon coach Chip Kelly sets a frenetic pace for his offense.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 27, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

West Coast hits Big East Rutgers looks to new coach, new offense to change
direction

BYLINE: Tom Pedulla

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 524 words

DATELINE: PISCATAWAY, N.J.


PISCATAWAY, N.J. -- New coach Terry Shea hopes the West Coast
offense will revive Rutgers' long-suffering program and invigorate
the Big East as well.

"It brings flair to the Big East," says Shea.

The offense that relies on short passes to ultimately create big
opportunities brought its architect, Bill Walsh, three Super Bowls
with the San Francisco 49ers.


Shea, Walsh's offensive coordinator at Stanford from 1992-94,
hopes the West Coast offense can vault the Scarlet Knights into
consideration for a bowl game, any bowl game.

"I've committed to our seniors that this is their year, and we'll
do everything we can to win a bowl championship," says Shea,
50.

That might be overreaching. Only nine starters return, three on
offense, from a 4-7 team that went 2-5 in the Big East. The alumni
humbled the Scarlet Knights 10-6 in the spring game.

But the West Coast offense is not meant for the timid. It's bold
and unpredictable and complex, difficult to decipher even for
those running it.

"The playbook is humongous; there are so many formations," says
Rutgers senior running back Chad Bosch. "You need to have 1,000
on the SAT just to get a grasp of it."

After Shea was hired last December, Walsh flew in to introduce
New Jersey high school coaches and players to the West Coast system
and to suggest Rutgers can fly high with it.

"There is no question the offense is a proven commodity at any
level," says Shea, quarterbacks coach for the British Columbia
Lions of the Canadian Football League last season.

The Scarlet Knights need new life, whatever the source. The school
that met Princeton in the first college football game in 1869
has a bleak recent history.

Rutgers has not reached the postseason since it added local flavor
to the Garden State Bowl in 1978. Only four of the last 15 seasons
have yielded winning records.

Shea, 15-6-2 with two Big West Conference championships at San
Jose State in 1990-91, hopes the West Coast offense will entice
recruits willing to be "risk-takers."

Meanwhile, he spent the preseason convincing his own players the
"humongous" offensive playbook can provide a happy ending.

"I think they believe it's going to be very productive," he
says. "I think they sense it's going to give us an identity."

Bosch, judging from his own confusion, is certain the West Coast
offense will befuddle Big East opponents.

"We don't know," he says, "what's going to be coming at us."



Winning years scarce recently

Year     Big East    Overall

Coach Dick Anderson

1984                 7-3
1985                 2-8-1
1986                 5-5-1
1987                 6-5
1988                 5-6
1989                 2-7-2

Coach Doug Graber

1990                 3-8
1991     2-3         6-5
1992     4-2         7-4
1993     1-6         4-7
1994     2-4-1       5-5-1
1995     2-5         4-7



LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Mike Drew, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Larry Levanti; Shea: 15-6-2 at
San Jose State. 'Humongous' playbook: Running back Chad Bosch says West Coast
offense requires '1,000 on the SAT just to get a grasp of it.'

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    April 11, 1997, Friday, JOURNAL EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
Strike suspends production of Chrysler trucks

BYLINE: From our staff and news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 04B

LENGTH: 941 words


A strike at a Detroit engine plant halted Chrysler Corp.'s production of the
highly profitable Jeep Grand Cherokee, Dodge Ram pickup and two other truck
models today.

About 1,800 United Auto Workers members struck the Mound Road engine plant after
negotiators failed to agree on a new local contract by the union's midnight
Wednesday deadline.

Without the engines, Chrysler was forced to halt production of the Jeep Grand
Cherokee in Detroit, Dodge Ram and Dakota pickups at the Dodge City complex in
Warren, Mich., Ram pickups at St. Louis, and full-size Ram vans in Windsor,
Ontario.

BUSINESS Beanies with burgers

Beanie Babies are the hottest toy around, and McDonald's Corp. is jumping on the
bandwagon in hopes of latching on to big profits. Beginning today, the fast-food
chain will give away miniature Beanie Babies with their Happy Meals. McDonald's
predicts that one in every three Americans will have a Teenie Beanie Baby in
their house by mid-May.

Strippers union

Strippers of the world unite! Nude dancers at the Lusty Lady in San Francisco
are strutting over a labor contract in which the only strippers' union in the
country won raises, sick days and arbitration rights. "It's a fantastic
victory," union spokeswoman Stephanie Batey said. "I hear they're getting
swamped with applications from women who feel that a union club is the best
place to work - which it is, of course." The first-time contract, released
Thursday, requires an average $ 25 per hour pay by the end of the year, and
gives dancers one sick day a year.

WEATHER Deadly storms

Tornadoes and baseball-size hail pounded western Texas, smashing homes and
toppling power lines. At least one person was killed and rescuers searched today
for more victims. "We haven't found any bodies yet, but we need to keep
looking," said David Butler, the assistant fire chief in Idalou. "Right now, it
looks much worse than it could be." Butler and volunteers used flashlights to
search under fallen walls and trees after a tornado ripped apart six mobile
homes northeast of Lubbock late Thursday. Electricity for the area was knocked
out.

COURTS Innocent plea

Although he admits having sex with 11 trainees, Staff Sgt. Delmar Simpson says
the women consented and he is innocent of the rape charges he faces. His
court-martial was to begin today. Simpson, 32, stands at the center of the most
serious case arising from the Aberdeen investigation, a scandal that Army
Secretary Togo D. West Jr. called "the worst we've seen" when it was revealed
last November. Simpson is one of 11 men charged with criminal sexual misconduct
at Aberdeen, Md., a weapons testing and training post 30 miles northeast of
Baltimore. Two of the cases have been resolved with no sexual abuse convictions.
In addition to rape, Simpson is charged with forcibly sodomizing, punching,
grabbing or threatening women. He has pleaded innocent to 58 criminal
allegations involving 21 current and former soldiers.

'Nazi' no longer citizen

A retired machinist who "unquestionably" helped kill hundreds of Jews at the
Treblinka concentration camp was stripped of his U.S. citizenship by a federal
judge in Chicago. Bronislaw Hajda, 73, lied to cover up his Nazi past when he
came to this country almost half a century ago, listing his occupation as a
shoemaker, U.S. District Judge David H. Coar said in his ruling. The government
said it will now seek to have Hajda deported. "It has taken almost 53 years, but
history has finally begun to catch up with Bronislaw Hajda," said Eli Rosenbaum,
director of the Justice Department's Office of Special Investigation, which
hunts Nazi war criminals in this country.

MLK gun test sought

James Earl Ray's lawyers asked a judge for permission to test the rifle
authorities say killed Martin Luther King Jr. The request came a day after a
state appeals court cleared the way for the sophisticated new tests, which did
not exist when King was shot to death on a Memphis motel balcony in 1968. Judge
Joe Brown did not indicate when he will rule. Ray, who is 69 and suffering from
liver disease, wants the tests as part of his efforts to take back his guilty
plea and get a trial. Ray contends the rifle, found with his fingerprints on it
near the murder scene, was not the one that killed King.

CRIME Gotti Jr. arrested

John Gotti Jr., son of the convicted mob boss, was arrested and charged with
obstructing justice for interfering with an undercover drug sting in Brooklyn.
Plainclothes officers were trying to buy drugs Thursday across the street from
Brooklyn Auto Glass in Brighton Beach when two men approached and recognized the
men as policemen. Their cover blown, the officers drove off and noticed they
were being followed. They pulled the vehicle over and arrested Gotti and Steven
Kaplan, 29, inside. The senior Gotti, 56, is serving a life sentence for the
1985 murder of Paul Castellano, who preceded him as boss of the Gambino family.

3 shot at rail yard

An Amtrak machinist, known as the "pigeon man," fatally shot a foreman and
wounded two other workers in a Delaware railroad yard before police shot him to
death. Workers ran screaming from the repair shop as Richard D. Herr, 40, fired
at least 15 shots from a 9 mm handgun. The foreman who was killed, John M.
Jensen, 41, and others had complained that Herr could be dangerous. He was known
as the "pigeon man" for talking to the birds flying around the cavernous Amtrak
repair shop. Wounded were another foreman, Jonathan Fedora, 38, and electrician
John Morrison Jr., 34. Both were hospitalized with multiple gunshot wounds.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Big 12 efficiency ratings: Far superior offense gives Sooners edge in Bedlam

BYLINE: Berry Tramel

SECTION:

LENGTH: 755 words


[img
url=http://blog.newsok.com/dittocontent/uploads/sites/3/2014/12/jalen-saunders.j
pg]3503834[/img]


Time for the weekly Big 12 efficiency ratings, and it's the best week of the
year for the ratings, because every game played matches teams with the exact
same Big 12 schedule. OU and OSU both have played the same eight opponents. Same
with Baylor and Kansas State, and TCU and Iowa State.The comparisons are
absolute, with minor discrepancies only for where the games were played and who
might have been injured.Remember, our efficiency ratings measure how often a
unit does its job. An offense's job is to score touchdowns. A defense's job is
to stop a possession without points being scored. A team that scores or gives up
a touchdown on half its possessions would have a rating of .500. Give up a field
goal and a touchdown in four possessions, and that's a .375 efficiency.Comparing
OU and OSU, we find that OU's offense is, surprise, way better than OSU's. Darn
near twice as efficient -- .381, .213. The defenses are closer, OU's opponents
at .293 and OSU's at .367.But there's no way that doesn't portend a Bedlam
blowout. So to pull the upset Saturday, the Cowboys have to play over their
established level of production.Let's get to the numbers.OFFENSE


Baylor .460: Baylor's efficiency withered when Bryce Petty went out of the game
against Texas Tech. If Seth Russell has to play against K-State, can he
deliver?Kansas State .444:Bet you didn't expect this. K-State's offensive
production approaches Baylor. The Wildcats do it in different ways, but it's
wildly effective.TCU .411:Frogs get Iowa State in Fort Worth. They might score a
touchdown on every possession.Oklahoma .381:Hard to believe, isn't it, that OU's
offense is this close to TCU's? But it's true. The Sooners have been very
efficient on offense.Texas Tech .320:Backup quarterback Patrick Mahomes keeps
getting better and better. A QB derby is on in Lubbock.West Virginia .300:Dana
Holgorsen's offense is a disappointment for the second straight season. He
produced a quality team in 2014, but his offensive mojo is on hiatus.Iowa State
.259: Like Texas Tech, the Cyclones have defensive problems. Unlike Tech, the
Cyclones have offensive problems, too.Texas .248: Pretty good coaching job by
Charlie Strong, to get the Longhorns into a bowl game against a tough schedule
with this offense.Oklahoma State .213:Absolutely unacceptable offense. Just
horrible.Kansas .172:In the last two games, the Jayhawks have had 25
possessions. They've scored one touchdown and kicked one field goal.

DEFENSE

Texas .209:What a waste of a great defense. Literally. This was a
national-championship caliber defense.Kansas State .245: K-State has the Big
12's No. 2 offense and No. 2 defense? Well, that's befitting a team tied for the
conference lead in December.TCU .258:The Frogs sort of padded their resume'
against OSU and Texas -- 30 possessions combined, one touchdown allowed.West
Virginia .260:Not bad. Holgorsen showed he could produce a quality defense.
That's progress.Baylor .275:The Bears rarely played good defense this season --
except against the Sooners.Oklahoma .293:The Sooners might actually pass Baylor
in defensive efficiency, since OU has Bedlam and Baylor has Kansas
State.Oklahoma State .367:OSU gets a break playing against backup Cody Thomas.
Allows the Cowboys to load the box in trying to stop Samaje Perine.Kansas
.380:KU was playing solid defense until the last two Saturdays. Then Kansas'
defense took the field a combined 25 times against OU and Kansas State, allowing
11 touchdowns and five field goals.Iowa State .421:It's not for certain that the
Cyclones will finish ahead of Tech's defense. The Red Raiders mercifully are
finished. Iowa State has to play at TCU.Texas Tech .448:In their last four
possessions of the season, the Tech defense allowed just two field goals, on
drives directed by Russell, the backup. I suppose that's progress.

PROJECTIONSWe can use the numbers to project the final scores of games, or at
least give a decent gauge of how the point range will fall.OSU at OU: Sooners
34-23. This score reflects OU's occasional defensive collapses. The Cowboys have
not shown this kind of offensive propensity.Kansas State at Baylor: Wildcats
33-32. This doesn't factor in the Bryce Petty/Seth Russell question. But the
numbers say K-State has a good chance.Iowa State at TCU: Horned Frogs 41-26.
Like I've written, this system is much better at projecting equally talented
teams. This score is more likely to be 61-6.&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2011 Friday

Will the great Tim Tebow really be great?

BYLINE: Kemp Callwood, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 661 words


Oct. 21--This Sunday, thousands of residents in the Mountain West region of the
U.S. will be glued to their television sets (do we still call them that, by the
way?) to watch Tim Tebow make his first start of the season for the Broncos.
Now, we all know Superman wears Tim Tebow underwear, and Tebow doesn't drive a
car to the stadium -- he rides a chariot while dressed like Spartacus. What we
don't know is how his career will pan out.

I said it a year ago and I maintain it today -- Tebow was not worth a
first-round pick. He has too many issues with his mechanics to make the seemless
transition to pro style offenses. I did, however, rate him as a fourth or fifth
round caliber QB, and when you consider that Tom Brady was a sixth rounder,
that's really not that bad.

Getting back to his mechanics, his form throwing the ball makes him look like
tight end throwing an option pass. But then again, I grew up a fan of Bernie
Kosar, so who am I to talk.

The key with him, and with all QBs, is accuracy and completing passes, and from
what we've seen of him so far, he is very inaccurate as a passer. A major part
of that is mechanics, since one little hitch in a QB's throwing motion can send
the ball off target.

I don't think Tebow will ever be the solid pocket passer that Brady or Peyton
Manning is, but he will be a solid QB with average passing skills and a knack
for pulling out wins. At least that part of his college repertoire should
transition to the pros.

Week 7 picks

Sunday's games Washington at Carolina, 1 p.m., FOX

The Redskins defense should be strong enough to keep Cam Newton in check.

Pick: Redskins

Seattle at Cleveland, 1 p.m., FOX

The Browns offense is struggling, but the Seahawks offense is struggling more.

Pick: Browns

Atlanta at Detroit, 1 p.m., FOX

Twenty-seven. That's where the Falcons pass defense is ranked this season. That
number may also be how many points the Lions put up on Sunday.

Pick: Lions

Denver at Miami, 1 p.m., CBS

Tebow makes his first start of the season, and expect it to be a win. The
Dolphins have absolutely no red zone offense.

Pick: Broncos

San Diego at N.Y. Jets, 1 p.m., CBS

The Jets are struggling in stopping the run and running the ball. Meanwhile, the
Chargers rank in the top 10 in both run offense and overall defense.

Pick: Chargers

Chicago at Tampa Bay, 1 p.m., FOX

These new-look Bucs are starting to remind me of the Derrick Brooks-Warren Sapp
days when a trip to Tampa was a guaranteed loss. Look for Jay Cutler to get
plenty of up close looks at the blades of grass on the field.

Pick: Buccaneers

Houston at Tennessee, 1 p.m., CBS

Even with Andre Johnson out, the Texans should win because they have a huge edge
in run offense.

Pick: Texans

Pittsburgh at Arizona, 4:05 p.m., CBS

The Cardinals are 20th in run defense, so expect them to get a heavy dose of
Rashard Mendenhall and the play-action pass.

Pick: Steelers

Kansas City at Oakland, 4:05 p.m., CBS

A change in QBs will hurt the Raiders, but their running game will compensate.

Pick: Raiders

St. Louis at Dallas, 4:15 p.m., FOX

Rob Ryan's defense should have a field day against a Rams offense that may be
without both Sam Bradford and Stephen Jackson.

Pick: Cowboys

Green Bay at Minnesota, 4:15 p.m., FOX

Christian Ponder may bring balance to the Vikings offense, but their secondary
still won't stop Aaron Rodgers.

Pick: Packers

Indianapolis at New Orleans, 8:20 p.m., NBC

The Saints don't usually lose two in a row.

Pick: Saints

Monday night's game Baltimore at Jacksonville, 8:30 p.m., ESPN

The Ravens defense gets their crack at Blaine Gabbert, who is actually
improving.

Pick: Ravens

Open date: Buffalo, Cincinnati, N.Y. Giants, Philadelphia, San Francisco, New
England

- Last Week: 7-5; Overall: 59-30

- Kemp Callwood is The Daily News Sports Editor. His column appears throughout
the NFL season.

___ (c)2011 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111021-1VI-Will-the-great-Tim-Tebow-really-be-great-1021-20111021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2011 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          September 21, 2005 Wednesday

Perhaps the key for FSU Seminoles is to start offense 30 minutes early

BYLINE: W.D. Rodeffer

SECTION: FLORIDA STATE; Pg. P-4

LENGTH: 543 words


Florida State University is 3-0.

The FSU Seminoles met the Boston College Eagles Saturday night to begin what is
sure to be a great rivalry between these two powerhouses. With the ESPN College
Gameday crew on hand, and half the nation switching back and forth between this
game and the Florida-Tennessee war, the excitement level was high.

The tone for this column started out very smug. That is, for the first few
minutes. FSU jumped out to a 14--0 lead and what looked like a very cruel
welcoming for BC to the Atlantic Coast Conference. Then BC's underrated
quarterback settled into a groove. Quinton Porter calmed down and engineered an
impressive comeback.

All the thoughts of the recent year's upsets were jogging through my mind. How
could a team that finally beat Miami, putting the program back on track, not
stop an Eagle offense? I'm not so sure if Florida State's outcome would have
been the same had Porter not be injured. Then, much like last week's win versus
the Citadel, the offense started clicking in the second half, prompting the
question: Should the offense show up at the stadium and play for 30 minutes
before the game?

This could be a problem later down the road if the defense has an average game.

I am satisfied knowing that this is a young offense with a very young
quarterback against a powerful Eagle defense. Were there any questions answered
Saturday night about how far this team will go? No, not for me, anyway. The
final score was 28-17 despite a last minute drive by BC. In addition to watching
a sputtering offense, I'm sure no one could stand watching linebacker Ernie Sims
slowly get up all those times.

Last time, I predicted that the wave of great players from the FSU depth would
be a major factor in this game. While this was somewhat true, I failed to take
into account the BC fans and the fact that this was a night game.

Hearing the noise coming over the television and an annoying bass drum beat the
entire night added to my uneasy feeling. When I heard that the 'Noles practiced
in Doak Campbell Stadium in Tallahassee last week with the speakers blaring, I
wasn't sure why. This is usually a trick used by coach Bowden for big games with
large stadiums like Miami and Florida. But after watching and listening to the
game, I was glad they did.

The greatest thing I think the team came away from this game with is the
confidence of a comeback on a good team while on the road. That shows a lot
about this team after watching some of the other teams self-destruct in the past
few years anytime they got down.

Florida State has an open week Saturday before the Orangemen of Syracuse come to
town. We will discuss that game and the upcoming games in next week's column.

Florida State has a lot of decent teams in the next few weeks but should be able
to make a six-game run to Clemson and then Florida. The team needs to maintain
its focus and remember that an upset by any of these teams that have struggled
is at the top of their list and would rebound their seasons.

Last week I called for a 21-point win. I'll take 11.

Oh yeah -- Eric, you should thank the NCAA for the new reviewing rules. It was a
catch.

W.D. Rodeffer is a 1999 graduate of Florida State University and played in the
team's 1999 national championship season.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: None

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 27, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

11 coaches settling in, ready to make their marks Veteran, rookie leaders taking
over new teams

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 1191 words


The 11 coaches starting the season with new teams are a combined
590-489-4. Atlanta's Dan Reeves can become the 10th head coach
with 150 victories.

Joe Bugel, Oakland Raiders (Record: 20-44)

-- Career highlights: Turned Cardinals program around (1990-93)
but was dismissed after 7-9 season; best known for developing
Redskins' offensive lines that won three Super Bowls; Bugel developed
four Pro Bowl linemen, including free agent center Jeff Bostic.

-- Inherits: New QB in Jeff George; rookie run-stopper Darrell
Russell and Al Davis' plan to return to old-style Raider football
-- deep passes; running behind mammoth line; mind games.


Pete Carroll, New England Patriots (Record: 6-10)

-- Career highlights: Carroll had New York Jets hitting and hustling
in 1994 but was fired after losing last five games in 6-10 season;
was defensive coordinator with Jets (1990-93) and San Francisco
49ers (1995-96); in Minnesota, Carroll coached DBs that intercepted
126 passes, returning 10 for TDs.

-- Inherits: Young, talented Super Bowl team that has: QB Drew
Bledsoe, RB Curtis Martin, TE Ben Coates and WR Terry Glenn on
offense; LBs Chris Slade and Ted Johnson, DE Willie McGinest,
on defense.

Bruce Coslet, Cincinnati Bengals (Record: 33-41)

-- Career highlights: Coached New York Jets from 1990-93, with
19 of 38 losses by less than seven points; 11 by three or less;
took over Bengals last year after 1-6 start, brought team back
to finish 8-8, with offense that scored 244 points in last nine
games.

-- Inherits: Explosive offense if RB Ki-Jana Carter plays up
to potential and takes heat off long-ball QB Jeff Blake; reshaped
defense with new blitz package that includes secondary/linebacker
units that stole NFL-high 34 passes.

Mike Ditka, New Orleans Saints (Record: 112-68)

-- Career highlights: Took 1985 Chicago Bears to Super Bowl title;
won five consecutive NFC Central championship with Bears (1984-88)
and earned reputation as tough, demanding taskmaster; in 11 Bear
seasons, Ditka had his team in seven playoffs; Ditka's Super Bowl
team went 15-1, then swept Giants, 21-0; Rams, 24-0, and Patriots,
46-10, in Super Bowl.

-- Inherits: NFL's worst rush offense (81.8 yards per-game) and
unit that couldn't score more than two TDs in eight games; QB
problem, with Redskin benchwarmer Heath Shuler replacing Jim Everett;
salary cap casualties included WRs Michael Haynes and Torrance
Small; Ditka's defense isn't bad and will keep Saints in games
with speed and gambling style.

Jim Fassel, New York Giants

-- Record: First year as head coach.

-- Career highlights: Wherever Fassel has been, his quarterback
has sparkled. In Denver, John Elway led AFC in six passing categories
in 1993 with Fassel as his coach; last year with Arizona, Fassel
developed Giant castoff Kent Graham into a starter. Despite their
7-9 record, the Cardinals averaged 230.5 yards passing, scoring
300 points.

-- Inherits: Same club that went 6-10 under Dan Reeves (only
one free agent loss) and had endless problems with its pass offense
(14 TDs, 146.2-yard average) and never found its featured back;
youthful defense that was always under pressure but gave up less
than 20 points eight times and never quit trying.

Kevin Gilbride, San Diego Chargers

-- Record: First year as head coach.

-- Career highlights: Tutored Jacksonville offense last year
that ranked atop NFL (360-yard average, 256.9 yards passing);
developed run-and-shoot offense as Houston's offensive coordinator
1990-93; Oilers led NFL in passing in three of those four years.

-- Inherits: Offense with no running punch and up-and-down defense
that showed its age; Elusive WR Eric Metcalf should help offense
but Gilbride still needs to discover a solid runner.

Steve Mariucci, San Francisco 49ers

-- Record: First year as head coach.

-- Career highlights: Sharp, creative coach of quarterbacks Brett
Favre; Mark Brunell and Ty Detmer when he was position coach in
Green Bay (1992-95); Mariucci's strength is in passing game that
averaged 321.5 yards last year in a 6-5 season at the University
of California.

-- Inherits: Experienced big-play QB in Steve Young, but same
old problems along offensive line (age, injuries) and in backfield,
where RB Garrison Hearst becomes fourth starter (Terry Kirby;
Derek Loville, Ricky Watters) in four years; defense with a front
seven that can turn it loose but secondary that has its down Sundays.

Bill Parcells, New York Jets (Record: 119-86-1)

-- Career highlights: Led New York Giants to two Super Bowl championships
(1986, 1990) and New England Patriots into last year's Super Bowl.
Turned Giants from 3-12-1 team to 14-2 team within four years,
and Patriots from 2-14 team to 10-6 team within two years. Had
Pro Bowl linebacker in each of his eight Giant years.

-- Inherits: Formidable passing attack built around QB Neil O'Donnell
and WR Keyshawn Johnson and young defense that couldn't stop the
run last year and couldn't generate a pass rush.

Dan Reeves, Atlanta Falcons (Record: 149-113-1)

-- Career highlights: Winningest active coach led Denver to three
Super Bowls and four AFC title games, along with five AFC West
championships; in 16 years, Reeves' teams have won 10 or more
games eight times, including a 13-win season in 1984; Reeves is
known as one of the NFL's best clock managers in the final two
minutes; record with Broncos was 117-79-1 in 12 years.

-- Inherits: Problems almost everywhere, topped by a quarterback
switch (Bobby Hebert to Chris Chandler) and a defense that couldn't
cover; Falcons were a team that drifted apart under June Jones
after an 0-8 start; Falcons' offensive line (Bob Whitfield, Robbie
Tobeck) isn't bad, and RBs Jamal Anderson and young Byron Hanspard
at least offer some offensive punch.

Bobby Ross, Detroit Lions (Record: 94-76-2)

-- Career highlights: Guided San Diego to appearance in Super
Bowl XXIX; in five seasons under Ross, Chargers reached playoffs
three times; in 1990, Ross coached Georgia Tech to college football's
national title (11-0).

-- Inherits: Great RB in Barry Sanders and terrific WR in Herman
Moore, but erratic QB in Scott Mitchell; defense needs an attitude
and must replace SS Bennie Blades and develop a MLB, possibly
rookie Matt Russell; Lions had no fire on and off-field last year,
a negative that Ross vows to correct.

Dick Vermeil, St. Louis Rams (Record: 57-51)

-- Career highlights: Coached Philadelphia Eagles to Super Bowl
in fifth year, then resigned two years later because of burnout;
no-nonsense coach whose Eagle teams reflected discipline and overachievement.

-- Inherits: Lots of potential. Rams will field playmakers at
QB (Tony Banks); RB (Lawrence Phillips) and WRs (Isaac Bruce,
Eddie Kennison and Torrance Small); underrated offensive line
that now includes 334-pound Orlando Pace; defense isn't bad, but
rush needs more of a push to the quarterback and MLB Robert Jones
absolutely has to upgrade his game.


LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Paul Battaglia, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 12, 1996, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

GEORGIA IN BRIEF;
Doraville trucker charged in deaths of Miami couple

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 09C

LENGTH: 219 words


A truck driver has been charged in the deaths of a Florida couple whose car was
struck by his tractor-trailer and pushed into some trees near Calhoun.

Mark Boise, 44, and his wife, Anita, 45, both of Miami, died when the
tractor-trailer driven by Don Bell struck their car from behind as both vehicles
traveled south on I-75 Wednesday.

Bell, of Doraville, has been charged with two counts of second- degree homicide
by vehicle and following too closely, the Georgia State Patrol said Friday. He
apparently fell asleep at the wheel, investigators said.

The couple died at the scene. Bell was taken to Gordon Hospital, where he was
listed in serious but stable condition.

AUGUSTA Rapist sentenced

A Milledgeville man who spent 17 years behind bars for murdering an 8-year-old
girl has been convicted in Augusta of raping a woman in front of her two
children. Willie Richard McCrary faces seven life sentences, three without
parole, for the September 1995 rape. He was convicted by an Augusta jury
Wednesday. McCrary was sentenced to two life terms in 1974 for the death of
8-year-old Sandra Fay Lee. Prosecutors said McCrary, an attendant at Central
State Hospital in Milledgeville, abducted the girl from the children's ward and
threw her off a bridge into the Oconee River, where she drowned.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

OU football journal: Is it time to rename Lincoln Riley's Air Raid offense?

BYLINE: By Brooke Pryor

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 641 words


NORMAN - Offensive coordinator Lincoln Riley's name is synonymous with the Air
Raid offense. As a Mike Leach apprentice, Riley learned the ins-and-outs of a
system that heavily favors the passing game to the ground game.But Riley put his
own twist on the Air Raid by incorporating the running backs at both East
Carolina at Oklahoma. Last season, Samaje Perine rushed for 1,349 yards. Leach
never had one 1,000 yard rusher in his 13 years as a head coach.Though he's
strayed from the run game at times in the early part of this season, Riley's
backs are gaining 5.1 yards per carry and amassing an average of 198 yards per
game.

The passing game is responsible for about 294 yards of offense per game, but
that's just balanced enough that perhaps it's time to think of another name for
Riley's offense."Our running backs are playing well right now," quarterback
Baker Mayfield said. "We (can) just continue that and realize the physical part
of our game is the best part."People like to call Lincoln's offense the Air
Raid, but that's how it is now. When you average about 5 yards per carry that's
a running offense. That makes my job easy."And against a Texas defense that's
held its opponents to 3.64 yards per carry this season and held Oklahoma to 1.81
yards per carry last year, Joe Mixon, Perine and the offensive line will have to
be prepared for an incredibly physical game."We got pushed around a little bit
against some people, so we've become a more physical group," Riley said of last
season.THOMAS CHERISHES RED RIVER RIVALRYThe Oklahoma-Texas rivalry isn't
something you have to born into, at least according to Miami native Ahmad
Thomas.Growing up in Florida, the safety didn't know anything about the rivalry,
but it only took attending one game to understand its magnitude."When I came
here, I learned the tradition of what it is to be a Sooner," Thomas said. "I
learned that really quick, especially when I went to the game."Gearing up for
his fourth Red River Shootout, the safety said the game doesn't have any less
meaning just because he's not originally from around here."A rivalry game is a
rivalry game," Thomas said. "You can actually feel the hate when you walk into
it because I mean our locker rooms are right next to each other. So when we're
walking onto the field and the tunnel, we're talking to each other all the time.
You can feel the intensity, that energy coming from other people. It's not hard
to get pumped up for this game."Walker won't play against TexasDefensive lineman
Charles Walker, a second-team all-Big 12 selection last season, will not play
against Texas after suffering a concussion against TCU, coach Bob Stoops said
Wednesday. The redshirt junior was listed as the starting defensive end on the
depth chart. D.J. Ward, who didn't play against TCU, is listed as his back up.
Earlier this week, Stoops said he expected him back for this game. True freshman
Amani Bledsoe is listed as the third option at that defensive end spot.Walker's
absence further thins a defensive line that is also without senior defensive end
Matt Dimon. Though Austin Roberts is the presumed starter in Dimon's place,
redshirt freshman Neville Gallimore will likely continue to get a lot of playing
time.With two batted down passes, Walker was a major player against TCU. He also
had two quarterback hurries in the 33-23 loss to Houston.The Sooners will also
likely be without nickelback Will Johnson, who also missed last week's game.
Safety Steven Parker played nickelback in Johnson's absence last week while
Khalil Haughton played safety.There is some good news for the Sooners:
quarterback Mayfield was back out on the field Wednesday after sitting out
Monday's practice, and offensive lineman Jonathan Alvarez was also back after
missing Saturday's game with a boot on his left leg.By Brooke Pryor, Staff
Writer

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Roman numerals: 49ers passing offense (and all else) was top 5, based on team s
win total

BYLINE: Cam Inman

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 155 words


Offensive coordinator Greg Roman referred Thursday to yards as "mindless
numbers." That prompted me to ask if the 49ers' 30th-ranked passing offense last
season was misleading, at 186.2 yards per game.Here is the ensuing dialogue,
which was, well, a unique way to interpret stats:Roman: cWe were top-5 in the
league last year in pass offense. I think we had the third or fourth most wins
in the league.cQuestion: cTop-5 in pass offense?cRoman: cI think we were in the
top-4 in wins.cQ: Whatcs your measure of passing offense?Roman: cWins.
Winning.cQ: cSo, run offense youcre top-5 as well?cRoman: cWe made it. Top-5 in
every statistic. Trying to improve it, though. Trying to get it better, guys
working hard, working hard every day.cCounting playoffs, here were the leaguecs
top win totals: Seattle Seahawks 16, Denver Broncos 15, 49ers 14, New England
Patriots 13, Carolina Panthers, 12, Indianapolis Colts 12, New Orleans Saints 12

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           December 8, 2011 Thursday

Sun Bowl: Georgia Tech seeks successful end to key year

BYLINE: By Bill Knight \ El Paso Times

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 561 words


All eyes are on the future -- Dec. 31 and beyond -- for the Georgia Tech Yellow
Jackets.

Georgia Tech, playing in its 15th consecutive bowl game, began the 2011 season
with a 6-0 record. Tech lost four of its final six games against an extremely
tough schedule. But the Yellow Jackets are one of the youngest teams in the
nation and they are focused on ending 2011 with an exclamation point when they
face Utah at high noon on New Year's Eve in the 78th annual Hyundai Sun Bowl.

"You look at our roster and 31 of our 44 players on our two-deep are freshmen or
sophomores," Georgia Tech's highly successful head coach Paul Johnson said.

Georgia Tech has only 10 scholarship seniors on their roster and loses just six
starters -- two on offense, four on defense.

The offense, of course, is the focal point for those facing the Yellow Jackets.
Using Johnson's intricate option offense, Georgia Tech is third in the nation in
rushing offense (316.8 yards per game) and leads the nation in third-down
conversion percentage (54.9).

"This will be a challenge for us," Utah head coach Kyle Whittingham said. "We
thought we were through looking at this offense when we left the Mountain West
and Air Force."

Johnson has put together an amazing run of success with his offense. He went
62-10 in five seasons at Georgia Southern, winning the 1-AA national
championship twice and reaching the title game once. He went 45-29 in six
seasons at the Naval Academy, taking over a terrible program and going just 2-10
his first season. He then took Navy to five straight bowl games. He has now
taken Georgia Tech to a fourth straight bowl, including leading the Yellow
Jackets to an 11-3 season and a berth in the 2009 FedEx Orange Bowl.

Johnson, the 2008 and 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference Coach of the Year, said his
team began practicing for the Sun Bowl this week and he was headed back to
Atlanta after Thursday's luncheon for another practice session.

"We got off to a 6-0 start, but we didn't finish as well as we would like to,"
Johnson said. "Hopefully, we can come here and win one more football game."

Of course, Georgia Tech's last three home games were against No. 6 Clemson, No.
10 Virginia Tech and No. 13 Georgia. The Yellow Jackets defeated Clemson 31-17,
but fell to Virginia Tech 37-26, and then to rival Georgia 31-17.

"We always play our in-state rival (Georgia) in the final game of the season,"
Johnson said. "It's big ... it's for bragging rights in the state. Losing a game
like that stings a little more. But, after a while, the kids bounce back again.
The good thing is they get to play again. And kids are resilient. We started
practicing again this week. And, like I said earlier, 31 of our 44 players on
the two-deep are freshmen and sophomores. So we are a young team and we are a
fairly resilient team."

Utah, of course, is trying to bounce back from its own disappointment. The Utes
lost their final game at home to Colorado and that cost them a spot in the
Pac-12 Championship game against Oregon. The Utes know something about
resiliency, too. They have only 13 seniors on scholarship -- so they are young,
too.

And so the stage is set ... a matchup of two young football teams, two teams who
had good seasons, two teams coming off disappointing losses and two teams with a
sun-splashed bright future.

Bill Knight may be reached at bknight@elpasotimes.com; 546-6171.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Utah head coach Kyle Whittingham, left, and Georgia Tech head coach
Paul Johnson, right, speak to the media Thursday during a visit to El Paso. The
schools will meet in the Hyundai Sun Bowl at noon Dec. 31.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           September 6, 2012 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

MANNING STILL LOOKS JUST LIKE THE OLD PEYTON;
STEELERS DON'T SEE SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN BRONCOS NEW QB

BYLINE: Ed Bouchette, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; ON THE STEELERS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 860 words


The Denver Broncos will unveil their new quarterback and his old offense Sunday
night while the Steelers will trot out the same old players in a new offense.

It should be fodder for fine drama, and the Steelers expect nothing less from
Peyton Manning than they've seen in the past with the Indianapolis Colts, even
though he's 36 and missed a full season after neck surgery.

"He looks very good. He looks like Peyton Manning," defensive end Brett Keisel
said. "He's running the offense kind of like the old Colts offense."

Broncos or Colts? It's a horse of the same color for Manning, who is 2-2
lifetime against the Steelers that includes one playoff loss. He will be hopping
up and down the line, whispering, shouting, gesturing, commanding his offense
the way a maestro would his orchestra.

Pardon Ben Roethlisberger if he doesn't get a little envious watching from the
sideline.

"It would be a lot of fun, you know, to do all that stuff all the time,"
Roethlisberger said, but then stopped himself. "You know what? I've been pretty
successful with what we've done. I'm not complaining about the offense we have
or what we've done in the past."

Most Steelers saw little difference in the Manning they watched on video from
the preseason and the one in Indianapolis, and they've watched old Colts video
going back to their two games in the 2005 season against him to prepare for the
current version.

"He can still sling it," Keisel said. "He's very smart, he's been playing this
game a long time. He gets a good feel where blitzes might be coming from, he
gets the ball back. He's as smart a quarterback as they come."

Keisel and linebacker James Harrison said they will not hesitate to hit Manning
with a clean shot if they get the chance, and won't worry how that might affect
a 36-year-old man returning from neck surgery.

"Tackle him the same way you tackle everyone else, what's the difference?"
Harrison said. "That's no concern; he's healthy, he's fine."

Said Keisel, "It's a game of football, we're going to play football. You can't
worry about those things. He's obviously been cleared to play, and I'm going to
go play."

b> MENDENHALL IS MENDING FAST

/b>

Rashard Mendenhall went through another full practice and perhaps his appearance
Sunday night isn't as far-fetched as it once appeared.

Mendenhall's return to play did not seem possible until October, but his rapid
recovery and his ability to make all the moves in practice could mean an earlier
return. He did not wear a brace or even a sleeve on his knee in practice
Wednesday.

"I haven't had a sleeve this whole time, I feel best without it," said
Mendenhall, who waved off any suggestions that he might be rushing back too
soon. "I feel really good, I'm just taking it a day at a time."

Isaac Redman still isn't sure who will start at halfback in Denver, but he says
his health is pretty good. His hip/groin injury no longer bothers him, and his
ankle, injured in the third preseason game, is better. He went through a full
practice Wednesday.

"Right now, I'm just trying to get my body right to carry the load if that's
what the coaches need," Redman said before putting in another full practice.
"I'm pretty close, I'm feeling pretty good, and each day I'm getting better."

When everyone is healthy, Redman said the Steelers have three potential feature
backs -- him, Mendenhall and Jonathan Dwyer.

"With me, Rashard and Dwyer, we have three guys who could be feature running
backs. There's never a problem with that when you have three guys running the
football."

Redman ran for 121 yards on 17 carries in the playoff loss at Denver. The
Broncos defense has changed since then under new coordinator Jack Del Rio.

"They're a 4-3 team this year, last year a 3-4. It really doesn't make a
difference, the same guys are out there, a good defense, good linebackers, great
rush men," said Redman.

He also said his ankle injury "will probably nag for most of the year, maybe
half, but the way I'm feeling right now, I'm getting better and better every
day."

b> INJURY UPDATES

/b>

Harrison, trying to come back from Aug. 15 arthroscopic knee surgery, was
limited in practice Wednesday after giving a couple reporters the "A-OK" sign
Tuesday regarding his health.

Afterward, he gave local reporters a different kind of oral hand signal when he
was asked about his health.

"I don't know, we'll see. I'll talk to y'all Friday. Peace out. Out of my face."

He was more talkative in a conference call later Wednesday with the Denver
media, who asked about his knee.

"It's coming along," Harrison said, adding no other issues have popped up since
his Aug. 15 surgery. "They haven't had to drain it or anything since the
surgery."

In other injury news, linebackers Larry Foote (left ankle) and Stevenson
Sylvester (MCL) did not practice, although Foote should be able to do so today.
Halfback Baron Batch (groin) was limited in practice.

Previously injured players who went through a full practice besides Mendenhall
and Redman were Keisel (ankle) and linebacker Jason Worilds (wrist).

b> THE OPENER

* Game:

/b>Steelers vs. Denver Broncos, Sports Authority Field at Mile High Stadium,
Denver.

b>* When:

/b> 8:30 p.m. Sunday.

b>* TV:

/b>WPXI.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: For more on the Steelers, read the blog, Ed Bouchette on the Steelers at
www.post-gazette.com/plus. Ed Bouchette: ebouchette@post-gazette.com and Twitter
@EdBouchette./

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jack Dempsey/Associated Press: Steelers defensive end Brett
Keisel on new Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning: "He looks very good. He
looks like Peyton Manning. He's running the offense kind of like the old Colts
offense."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           February 7, 2007 Wednesday

Tyson Cup women picked

SECTION: Pg. D-4

LENGTH: 353 words


USA Gymnastics announced the women's team that will compete in the Tyson
American Cup next month in Jacksonville.

World team silver medalist Ashley Priess, U.S. junior all-around champion Shawn
Johnson and U.S. junior vault silver medalist Samantha Peszek join Jana Bieger
on the women's team. Bieger, the all-around silver medalist at the 2006 world
championships, was named to the team last year.

Eight men and eight women will compete in the Tyson American Cup at 11:30 a.m.
Saturday, March 3, at the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena.

SON OF EAGLES COACH CHARGED WITH WEAPONS OFFENSE

The 21-year-old son of Philadelphia Eagles coach Andy Reid was charged with drug
and weapons offenses after an incident in which Britt Reid is accused of
pointing a gun at a motorist in Norristown, Pa.

Britt Reid was scheduled to be arraigned on nine counts, including making
terroristic threats, possession of a controlled substance and a felony charge of
carrying a firearm without a license, prosecutors said. Reid got into an
argument with a motorist Jan. 30, pointing a handgun at the man before driving
off, police said. The other driver managed to get the license-plate number of
Reid's black SUV, and police traced it to Reid's parents.

AROUND THE NFL

Tampa Bay Buccaneers LB Derrick Brooks was named to the NFC Pro Bowl team for
the 10th consecutive season, replacing Chicago's Lance Briggs, who was injured
during the Super Bowl. ... The Miami Dolphins signed seven free agents: TE Jason
Rader, WR P.K. Sam, DT Steve Fifita, QB Gibran Hamdan, LB Bobby Iwuchukwu, LB
Akbar Gbaja-Biamila and K Matt Prater. ... Tennessee CB Cortland Finnegan
pleaded guilty to reckless driving in a plea agreement to settle a
drunken-driving charge. ... Washington Redskins RT Jon Jansen signed a
five-year, $23 million contract extension.

BOOKER HAS DOUBLE-DOUBLE IN JAM DEBUT

Roy Booker had 10 points and 10 assists in his Jam debut as Jacksonville beat
host Miami 115-110 in an ABA game. Trey Moore led the Jam with 31 points. Deron
Rutledge had 19 points and six rebounds. Jerry Williams added a double-double
with 12 points and 11 rebounds.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
GEORGE WIDMAN/Associated Press Britt Reid, 21, son of Philadelphia Eagles coach
Andy Reid, arrives at a King of Prussia, Pa., court Tuesday. Reid was charged
with drug and weapon offenses stemming from an incident in which he is accused
of pointing a gun at a motorist.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 5, 2002 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

PRO BASKETBALL;
Nets vs. Lakers: Sizing Up the Series

BYLINE:  By By MIKE WISE

SECTION: Section D; Column 3; Sports Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 772 words


TWO KEY MATCHUPS
Kobe Bryant never ended up in New Jersey because his agent would not grant the
Nets a workout or an interview. So instead, the Nets went with the next-best
shooting guard that season, Kerry Kittles. If Kittles can make Bryant pay on the
perimeter, Bryant will be that more tired on offense, which means he may only
average 30 points a game. Robert Horry had to guard Chris Webber and also spent
some time on Tim Duncan and the mercurial Rasheed Wallace the past few weeks.
The Nets' Kenyon Martin has kept his composure and not pushed the envelope in
the playoffs, but will he be rattled by Horry, one of the game's most laid-back
and clutch players?

THE BEST OFFENSE ...
While in Sacramento as an assistant coach, Byron Scott borrowed Pete Carril's
old Princeton offense and inserted some new wrinkles to involve his best
players. It features constant movement, backdoor cuts, high screens and lots of
deception. Phil Jackson enlisted the services of Tex Winter, an assistant with
the Bulls and now Jackson's Lakers, who is credited with bringing the triangle
offense to the modern game. It involves always having three players with
multiple options, forming a triangle on offense. These offenses work much better
when Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant and Jason Kidd run them than, say, Pearl
Washington or Jack Haley. Ron Harper, the former Laker and Bull, once distilled
the essence of the triangle for the Lakers: "We throw it into Shaq. If that
don't work, we throw it out to Kobe. And if that don't work, we throw it back
into Shaq. That's the triangle."


SHAQ AND THE BEANSTALK
In the mid-1990's, the original practitioners of the Hack-a-Shaq were from
Chicago. Phil Jackson instructed Luc Longley, Will Perdue and Bill Wennington to
use six fouls apiece to smack O'Neal's forearms, head, sternum, whatever, in
order to send him to the foul line. Now it's Todd MacCulloch, Aaron Williams and
Jason Collins. Eighteen fouls and at least as many welts per game. Then again,
O'Neal has been as nearly automatic as Calvin Murphy or Rick Barry lately. He
made 24 of 32 free throws in Games 6 and 7 of the Sacramento series, shooting a
better percentage than the Kings in the decisive game. "We're not going to look
to do Hack-a-Shaq," Jason Kidd said. "If we have a chance or there is a foul, we
have to take our chances. We're not looking to send him to the free-throw line
every time."

WEST VERSUS . . . WEST?
The Lakers pride themselves on representing the Western Conference, but the Nets
may bring more respect to the West Coast game than anything Shaquille O'Neal, a
Newark native, or Philadelphia's own Kobe Bryant can muster. There are
California natives Jason Kidd (Oakland) and Keith Van Horn (Diamond Bar).
Lucious Harris played college ball at Long Beach State, Richard Jefferson at
Arizona and Brian Scallabrine at Southern California.

PHIL AGAINST RED
Whether you meditated with your players in the new millennium or refused to
guarantee their contracts until they proved their worth in the 1960's, either
coaching strategy apparently worked. Red Auberach, the Boston patriarch, has
maintained that Phil Jackson had ready-made teams and didn't have to build his
clubs from scratch like the Celtics did. Still, Jackson has the chance to tie
Auerbach's record of nine N.B.A. coaching championships, moving him into the
pantheon of coaching. "Well, I know Red, and if you know Red, you know why I'm
looking forward to besting his record," Jackson said recently. "I'm doing it in
lieu of Red Holzman's death. I'm sure it's a wish he'd have, to see me replace
Auerbach. Lighting a cigar at the ends of games and blowing smoke at the end of
games, he irritated a lot of people. He was the kind of coach capable of
irritating a lot of people in those days. And he's still doing that." Hmmm,
sound like anyone you know?

STAFF PREDICTIONS

Mike Wise
Who says the Lakers are a terrible pick-and-roll team? They keep getting picked
to win the title and they roll over the competition. The Nets may be in every
game, but in the end, they're still on a learning curve. It's Shaq, Kobe and the
Extras in four games.

Liz Robbins
The Lakers are beatable this year, but not four times in a series. The Nets have
been defying the odds all season, and Jason Kidd and company will frustrate the
Lakers. But ultimately, the Nets' dream ride runs smack into Shaquille O'Neal.

Chris Broussard
Jason Kidd's brilliance, the Nets' heart and the Lakers' penchant for
complacency will enable the Nets to win two games. But the series will never be
in doubt, as Los Angeles will go up, 3-1, and then coast through a Game 5 loss
at Continental Arena.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Coach Phil Jackson, right, and the assistant coach Tex Winter
watching the Lakers practice yesterday. (Associated Press); Kenyon Martin
(Agence France-Presse)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     January 1, 1999, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Sherman resigns, didn't light fire for Steelers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10F

LENGTH: 443 words


Ray Sherman, under fire after the Pittsburgh Steelers offense regressed and
quarterback Kordell Stewart struggled, resigned Thursday after only one season
with the team.

The move was by mutual agreement with Steelers president Dan Rooney and director
of football operations Tom Donahoe and precluded the probable dismissal of
Sherman next week by coach Bill Cowher.

"It's the best thing for everyone concerned," said Atlanta agent Ray Anderson,
who represents Sherman. Sherman, 47, was hired in the spring to replace Chan
Gailey, who became head coach of the Dallas Cowboys. An 11-year assistant in the
league, Sherman was on the Falcons staff in 1990 and served as an assistant at
the University of Georgia from 1986-87. He is credited with the development of
Minnesota's Brad Johnson during three seasons as Vikings quarterback coach.

In his one season with the Steelers, however, he and Stewart never reached a
rapport and the quarterback was ineffective much of the year.

Club officials conceded privately that the problems with the offense were not
isolated to Sherman. The team ranked No. 6 in total offense in 1997 but slipped
to 25th in '98. The passing offense was rated second-lowest in the NFL and
lacked consistency.

Still highly respected around the league, Sherman is expected to have little
problem finding a new job. He could return to Minnesota or perhaps join current
Vikings offensive coordinator Brian Billick, who is expected to land a head
coaching job.

The Steelers will consider former San Diego coach Kevin Gilbride as a possible
replacement for Sherman or promote incumbent tight ends coach Mike Mularkey. ---
Len Pasquarelli
 All-Pro team Five players for the Minnesota Vikings were selected for The
Associated Press' NFL All-Pro team. Wide receiver Randy Moss, the first rookie
on the team since Jerome Bettis in 1993, was joined by quarterback Randall
Cunningham, guard Randall McDaniel, defensive tackle John Randle and kicker Gary
Anderson. Moss was one vote short of being a unanimous choice. Only Denver
running back Terrell Davis received votes from all 47 members of a nationwide
panel of sports writers and broadcasters. Three Green Bay Packers were selected:
defensive end Reggie White, safety LeRoy Butler and receiver Antonio Freeman.
Teams that had two players selected were Denver, Dallas, San Diego and
Tennessee.
 Briefly . . . The Dallas Cowboys and Miami Dolphins were given an extension
until 6 p.m. today to sell their remaining tickets for their playoff games
against Arizona and Buffalo, repectively, potentially avoiding the NFL's first
local playoff blackouts in nearly five seasons.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC:  Graphic :
 1998 ASSOCIATED PRESS ALL-PRO TEAM
 Offense
 Receivers - Randy Moss, Minnesota; Antonio Freeman, Green Bay.
 Tight End - Shannon Sharpe, Denver.
 Tackles - Tony Boselli, Jacksonville; Larry Allen, Dallas.
 Guards - Randall McDaniel, Minnesota; Bruce Matthews, Tennessee.
 Center - Dermontti Dawson, Pittsburgh.
 Quarterback - Randall Cunningham, Minnesota.
 Running Backs - Terrell Davis, Denver; Jamal Anderson, Atlanta.
 Fullback - Mike Alstott, Tampa Bay.
 Kicker - Gary Anderson, Minnesota.
 Returner - Jermaine Lewis, Baltimore.

 Defense
 Ends - Reggie White, Green Bay; Michael Strahan, N.Y. Giants.
 Tackles - John Randle, Minnesota; Darrell Russell, Oakland.
 Outside Linebackers - Chad Brown, Seattle; Mo Lewis, N.Y. Jets.
 Inside Linebackers - Junior Seau, San Diego; Zach Thomas, Miami.
 Cornerbacks - Ty Law, New England; Deion Sanders, Dallas.
 Safeties - Rodney Harrison, San Diego; LeRoy Butler, Green Bay.
 Punter - Craig Hentrich, Tennessee.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            December 12, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

OFFENSE IS THE MANTRA OF DOLPHINS' FUTURE

BYLINE: By JOE SCHAD Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 936 words


Dave Wannstedt's tenure as the Dolphins' coach will be remembered for many
things.

But close to the top of the list are comments such as this: "Punting is not a
sin."

Of course, the Dolphins punted too many times for anyone's liking, particularly
owner Wayne Huizenga, who had issued a mandate before the season for a
quicker-striking offense.

"I want to get all of our points in the first and second quarters and coast from
that point," Huizenga said at the NFL owners meetings. "And Dave knows exactly
how I feel."

So it is no surprise that Wannstedt is no longer here. And it is even less of a
surprise that those close to Huizenga say he now wants to hire an
offensive-minded coach.

The only thing worse than being really bad is losing with a really bad offense.

And with 196 points, the Dolphins are last in the AFC.

The good news is that some highly regarded offensive coordinators would love the
chance to be Miami's head coach. Although New England's Charlie Weis appears
headed to Notre Dame, Philadelphia's Brad Childress and Tennessee's Mike
Heimerdinger would be popular choices.

Yes, it would be hard to pass on a chance to hire LSU's Nick Saban. He's the
"name" coach, but his expertise is on defense.

And there are so many statistics that support the hiring of an offensive
coordinator.

First, teams with good offenses make the playoffs.

Kansas City is the only team in the NFL's top 10 in total offense not in line to
make this post-season.

Teams like Indianapolis, Minnesota, Philadelphia and New England rack up points
and wins. Clubs scoring 300 points or more this season have won more than twice
as often as they've lost (58-26) and boast five division leaders.

And although great defenses can lead to championships - see Tampa Bay and
Baltimore - 10 of the last 14 Super Bowls have been won by teams with an offense
ranked in the top 10. Nine were ranked in the top 5.

This season the 11-1 Eagles have outscored opponents, on average, 28-15.

"There are a lot of different ways to win a football game," Eagles offensive
coordinator Childress said. "Be open-minded, innovative and willing to adjust.
Play to the tools you have."

Quarterback A.J. Feeley, who came to Miami from Philadelphia, praises Childress.
Feeley describes him as a great organizer and leader. Childress also coached
receiver Chris Chambers at Wisconsin.

This year's Dolphins offense has been a conglomerate of theories that never
jelled. And at least until Wannstedt stepped aside, the overriding approach was
conservative. Patriots offensive coordinator Weis, for example, is anything but.

"What I like about offense is you get the chance to decide what you are going to
do and they have to react to it," said Weis, whose teams have outscored
opponents, on average, 28-16 this season. "That is what I like. I like to be
aggressive. I like to be the guy forcing the issue."

While defensive guru Bill Belichick has won two of the last three Super Bowls at
New England, it's easy to overlook offensive minds such as Jon Gruden, Brian
Billick, Mike Shanahan and Mike Holmgren, who have all won Super Bowls since
1996.

True, Baltimore's Billick won with a dominant defense, just as Gruden did at
Tampa Bay. But Dick Vermeil, a defensive-minded coach, won the 2000 Super Bowl
with a high-powered offense engineered by coordinator Mike Martz.

"Attack people," Martz said of his philosophy. "Get matchups wherever you can.
Spread the field."

Ironically, Martz, Holmgren and Shanahan could all be candidates for the Miami
job if they are let go after this season.

Since 1990, nine Super Bowl teams have been led by coaches whose previous job
was offensive coordinator. Although defensive minds have had success, only four
teams were led by coaches whose previous job was defensive coordinator.

Bill Callahan (Oakland), Jim Fassel (Giants) and Joe Gibbs (Washington) also are
former offensive coordinators who led their teams to the Super Bowl. Fassel, a
member of the Ravens' staff, figures to be a candidate for the Dolphins' job.

It's uncertain who has the ears of Huizenga and Dolphins President Eddie Jones
as they consider a new coach, but there's one person whose advice they do seek:
former Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino.

Do you think he'll recommend an offensive mind?

joe_schad@pbpost.com

Does offense matter?

A look at the highest and lowest ranked Dolphins offensive seasons:
Best Dolphins offenses
Year                                                               Rank Record
1972                                                                  1   14-0
1984                                                                  1   14-2
1994                                                                  1   10-6
1986                                                                  2    8-8
1993                                                                  2    9-7
1987                                                                  4    8-7
Worst Dolphins offenses
Year                                                               Rank Record
1980                                                                 26    8-8
2000                                                                 26   11-5
2003                                                                 24   10-6
1969                                                                 23 3-10-1
1968                                                                 23  5-8-1
2004                                                                 21   2-10
2004: Top 10 NFL offenses
Rk                                                                 Team Record
1.                                                         Indianapolis    9-3
2.                                                          Kansas City    4-8
3.                                                            Minnesota    7-5
4.                                                            Green Bay    7-5
5.                                                               Denver    7-5
6.                                                            St. Louis    6-6
7.                                                         Philadelphia   11-1
8.                                                              Seattle    6-6
9.                                                          New England   11-1
10.                                                           San Diego    9-3
Recent Super Bowl Champs
Year                                                               Team   Rank
2003                                                        New England      7
2002                                                          Tampa Bay     24
2001                                                        New England     19
2000                                                          Baltimore     16
1999                                                          St. Louis      1
1998                                                             Denver      3
1997                                                             Denver      1
1996                                                          Green Bay      5
1995                                                             Dallas      5
1994                                                       San Francisc      2
1993                                                             Dallas      4
1992                                                             Dallas      4
1991                                                         Washington      4
1990                                                        N.Y. Giants     17
Year                                                               Rank Record
1972                                                                  1   14-0
1984                                                                  1   14-2
1994                                                                  1   10-6
1986                                                                  2    8-8
1993                                                                  2    9-7
1987                                                                  4    8-7
<NEWLINE>Worst Dolphins offenses<NEWLINE>Year                      Rank Record
1980                                                                 26    8-8
2000                                                                 26   11-5
2003                                                                 24   10-6
1969                                                                 23 3-10-1
1968                                                                 23  5-8-1
2004                                                                 21   2-10
<NEWLINE>2004: Top 10 NFL offenses<NEWLINE>Rk                      Team Record
1.                                                         Indianapolis    9-3
2.                                                          Kansas City    4-8
3.                                                            Minnesota    7-5
4.                                                            Green Bay    7-5
5.                                                               Denver    7-5
6.                                                            St. Louis    6-6
7.                                                         Philadelphia   11-1
8.                                                              Seattle    6-6
9.                                                          New England   11-1
10.                                                           San Diego    9-3
<NEWLINE>Recent Super Bowl Champs<NEWLINE>Year                     Team   Rank
2003                                                        New England      7
2002                                                          Tampa Bay     24
2001                                                        New England     19
2000                                                          Baltimore     16
1999                                                          St. Louis      1
1998                                                             Denver      3
1997                                                             Denver      1
1996                                                          Green Bay      5
1995                                                             Dallas      5
1994                                                       San Francisc      2
1993                                                             Dallas      4
1992                                                             Dallas      4
1991                                                         Washington      4
1990                                                        N.Y. Giants     17

Dolphins at Broncos

When: 4:05 p.m. TV: CBS

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  ANALYSIS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Slumping Steelers lose Cam Heyward for season due to injury

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 651 words


Prized No. 1 pick to make Rams debut


THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. * A person with knowledge of the decision tells The
Associated Press that quarterback Jared Goff will make his NFL debut on Sunday
when the No. 1 pick starts for the Los Angeles Rams. The source spoke on
condition of anonymity Tuesday because Rams coach Jeff Fisher hadn't made the
official announcement. Goff watched the first nine games of his rookie season on
the sideline for the Rams (4-5), who have one of the NFL's least successful
offences. Veteran Case Keenum has started every game, passing for 2,169 yards
with 11 interceptions and nine TDs.

The Rams finally decided to see what they've got in Goff after the offence
failed to score a touchdown in last weekend's 9-6 victory over the New York
Jets. Fisher repeatedly declined to promote Goff over the past two months while
his offence struggled on almost a weekly basis, saying he wanted Goff to be in
an ideal position to succeed. It's increasingly clear that the Rams' offence
doesn't provide an optimal opportunity for any quarterback, but at least Goff
will now be learning on the job. The Rams' offence is 31st in the NFL with just
308.0 yards per game. Their passing game is ranked 25th with 225.4 yards per
game, increasing in recent weeks because of Los Angeles' profound struggles
running the ball. The Coliseum crowd has been eager for a change, booing the
offence and chanting "We want Goff!" while the Rams struggled through a 13-10
loss to Carolina two weeks ago.

Predators goalie misses game vs. Maple Leafs

TORONTO * Nashville Predators goaltender Pekka Rinne missed Tuesday's game
against the Toronto Maple Leafs with a lower body injury. Predators head coach
Peter Laviolette announced that Rinne was day-to-day with the injury following
Tuesday's morning skate. Rinne, who missed practice on Monday, was named the
NHL's third star last week after posting a perfect 3-0-0 record with a .976 save
percentage. The 34-year-old has rebounded, thus far, from an off-year last
season, one that saw him post a .908 save percentage in 66 starts.
Twenty-five-year-old Marek Mazanec was expected to start in Rinne's place
against the Leafs.

Vikings cut ties with struggling kicker

MINNEAPOLIS * Blair Walsh's five seasons in Minnesota were filled with big-time
makes and big-time misses. With the Vikings in a tailspin and desperate to save
their season, they simply couldn't wait for Walsh to pull himself out of another
rut. Minnesota cut Walsh on Tuesday, two days after he missed his league-leading
fourth extra point in a 26-20 loss to the Washington Redskins. Walsh was 12 of
16 on field goals and 15 of 19 on extra points in nine games this season. On a
team that started the season 5-0 but has gone 0-4 since then and is built to
play close games, Walsh's inconsistency could no longer be tolerated. After
Walsh missed an extra point, had a field goal blocked and misplaced a kickoff in
a loss to Detroit two weeks ago, the Vikings brought in six kickers for a
tryout. They ultimately decided to give Walsh one more chance, but his miss just
before halftime against the Redskins sealed his fate. Walsh was in the first
year of a four-year, $13 million extension he signed last season.

Steelers lose Heyward for rest of season

PITTSBURGH * The slumping Pittsburgh Steelers will have to scramble for a
playoff berth without defensive end Cam Heyward. Heyward is out for the
remainder of the season after suffering an upper-body injury in Sunday's loss to
Dallas. Heyward posted a message on Instagram on Tuesday indicating he was done
for the season, but did not go into specifics about the injury. Coach Mike
Tomlin said earlier Tuesday that Heyward was dealing with a pectoral or chest
injury and was seeking a second opinion. Pittsburgh (4-5) has dropped four
straight heading into Sunday's game at winless Cleveland (0-10). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 20, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
Dee-fense, Dee-fense, Until Someone Scores

BYLINE:  By DAVE ANDERSON

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Sports Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 876 words


TO listen to the glowing tributes to the defensive acumen of the two head
coaches, Bill Belichick and John Fox, it's inevitable that Super Bowl XXXVIII
between the New England Patriots and the Carolina Panthers will be a 0-0 tie in
the fourth overtime before it's won on a field goal from, say, 75 yards.

Will anybody score a touchdown? Can anybody score a touchdown?

Will either team even advance close to its kicker's field-goal range?

The answer, of course, is yes to those questions. It won't be 0-0 in the fourth
overtime. But in this matchup, each team's defense might score or position more
touchdowns or set up more field goals than its offense does. That's life now in
the National Football League, where defense dominates, especially in this Super
Bowl, where the team with the better defense on Feb. 1 in Houston will win, just
as the team with the better defense has won the last three Super Bowls.

A year ago, Tampa Bay's five interceptions -- three returned for touchdowns --
wrecked Oakland's high-octane offense, 48-21.

Two years ago, the Patriots turned three turnovers into 17 points and edged Kurt
Warner (who threw for 365 yards) and the St. Louis Rams, 20-17, on Adam
Vinatieri's 48-yard field goal as time expired.

Three years ago, middle linebacker Ray Lewis and the Baltimore Ravens crushed
the overmatched Giants, 34-7.

Not that long ago, offense ruled the Super Bowl. Joe Montana, then Steve Young
popularized the West Coast offense for the San Francisco 49ers. Troy Aikman
handed off to Emmitt Smith and threw to Michael Irvin for the Dallas Cowboys.
John Elway handed off to Terrell Davis and threw to Shannon Sharpe for the
Denver Broncos.

Every so often, a team without a Hall of Fame quarterback found a way to win --
the 1985 Chicago Bears with Buddy Ryan's 46 defense, the 1986 and 1990 Giants
with Coach Bill Parcells and linebacker Lawrence Taylor, and the 1982, 1987 and
1991 Washington Redskins under Joe Gibbs (who has now returned to the sideline).

But more than ever, it's dee-fense, dee-fense, with Belichick and Fox each
confusing opposing offenses his way -- Belichick with muscular deception, Fox
with no-nonsense toughness.

When cornerback Ty Law, who had three interceptions, and safety Rodney Harrison
suggested that they flip-flop covering Marvin Harrison, the Indianapolis Colts'
All-Pro wide receiver, Belichick agreed -- as long as it worked. It did. Marvin
Harrison, usually a game-breaker as quarterback Peyton Manning's go-to receiver,
had only 3 catches for 19 yards Sunday as the Patriots won the American Football
Conference championship game, 24-14.

"Chess is a finesse type of thing," linebacker Tedy Bruschi said, alluding to
the usual description of Belichick's defenses. "To us, it's more like rock-'em
sock-'em robots."

When Fox took over in Carolina in 2002, after the Panthers' 1-15 disaster, he
bluntly told his players that, yes, they had talent, but they weren't tough
enough. They are now. They won the National Football Conference South with an
11-5 record, eliminated the Cowboys and the Rams, then battered quarterback
Donovan McNabb to the sideline in their 14-3 upset of the Philadelphia Eagles
for the N.F.C. title on Sunday.

"We've got a bunch of strong-willed guys," Fox said. "They keep swinging their
sword, they don't let it down and they finish."

Now those two defensive philosophies will confront each other in what could be,
in theory, the lowest-scoring game in Super Bowl history. The low point total is
21, as in the 1972 Miami Dolphins' 14-7 victory over the Washington Redskins to
complete their record 17-0 season.

Theory doesn't always hold up in the Super Bowl, but it held up in the
conference championship games. Ty Law and the Panthers' rookie cornerback, Ricky
Manning Jr., each had three interceptions, while the two quarterbacks, Tom Brady
and Jake Delhomme, combined to generate only three touchdowns.

Brady earned a Super Bowl ring two seasons ago when he emerged as the starter
after replacing the injured Drew Bledsoe. Delhomme, who grew up in the Cajun
country of Louisiana and was a New Orleans Saints backup for six seasons, is a
new name that many pro football followers don't pronounce correctly. Not that he
cares.

"However they say it, that's all right," he said after Sunday's game. "If they
say Del-homme, that's fine, but certainly I'd love them to say Duh-lomme."

While awaiting the start of Sunday night's game in Philadelphia, Delhomme
watched some of the Patriots game, especially Brady.

"They believe in him," Delhomme said. "I'd love to be a guy like him one day. He
just gets up there, nothing rattles him and he goes after it."

That one day for Delhomme will be a week from Sunday, when whatever success he
and Brady have against those renowned defenses will depend on the game plans
developed by their offensive coordinators -- Charlie Weis for the Patriots and
Dan Henning for the Panthers (who were together on Bill Parcells's staff with
the Jets in 1998 and 1999).

For all the glory surrounding the reputations of Bill Belichick and John Fox,
this Super Bowl will probably be won by the team with the better offensive game
plan, however limited its execution. Some points will be scored, but not many.
It really won't be 0-0 in the fourth overtime.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Patriots sacked Peyton Manning four times and never let the
Colts' high-powered offense get off the ground in the A.F.C. championship game.
(Photo by Getty Images)(pg. D5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           January 19, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Belt tightening;
Would benefits of proposal outweigh concerns?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; IN OUR OPINION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 249 words


In Massachusetts, enforcement of the existing seat belt mandate is sporadic at
best. Undeterred, lawmakers are considering passing a tougher law some say would
boost compliance.

The question is: Would its benefits outweigh its intrusiveness and potential for
abuse?

Based on other states' experiences, making failure to buckle up a "primary"
offense might boost compliance in Massachusetts. Primary-offense states tend to
have comparatively high compliance rates, while most states with compliance
below 79 percent classify driving unbuckled as a "secondary" offense - that is,
police can't pull drivers over for a seat belt violation alone.

However, anomalies in compliance statistics suggest enforcement, regional
attitudes and other factors play significant roles. Nevada and Arizona,
secondary-offense states, have very high compliance rates in keeping with
uniformly high compliance on the West Coast. Tennessee and Louisiana, primary-
offense states, are in the under-79 percent group.

In Massachusetts, the benefits of a primary-offense law likely would be
disappointing. Many drivers here consider flouting traffic laws a birthright.
Given the limitations on police resources and the inherent difficulty of
detecting violators, fair enforcement would be problematic.

Concerted efforts to change Bay State attitudes and to enforce the existing
secondary-offense law could make a difference. Passing a feel-good primary-
offense law that is foredoomed to sporadic enforcement is not the way to go.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 3, 1993, Saturday

METRO AND GEORGIA IN BRIEF New charge filed in dairy probe

SECTION: LOCAL AND STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 2

LENGTH: 805 words


ATLANTA: A four-year investigation into a bid-rigging conspiracy among suppliers
of dairy products to Georgia public schools resulted in a 12th criminal charge
Friday.

Edward Perkins Williams of Athens, the former wholesale division manager of
Kinnett Dairies Inc., was charged by the U.S. attorney's office of conspiracy to
rig prices charged to schools in Harris, Muscogee and Troup counties in west
Georgia and three counties in eastern Alabama. In the alleged conspiracy,
several companies submitted intentionally high bids so that a designated company
would win the dairy contract and supply schools at non-competitive prices,
according to documents released by the U.S. attorney's office.

Mr. Williams faces a maximum sentence of three years in prison and a fine of $
250,000. Assistant U.S. Attorney James M. Griffin said Friday that a plea
agreement with Mr. Williams is pending and that the government's investigation
in the bid-rigging scandal is continuing.

COURTS

DEKALB COUNTY: Man charged with sex offenses. A 46-year-old Clarkston man
appeared in DeKalb County Magistrate's Court Friday to face nine charges ranging
from solicitation of sodomy to aggra vated child molestation. Robert Lee Hollis,
of DeLeon Drive, is accused of misconduct with six boys 11 to 13 years old. He
is charged with two counts of aggravated molestation - the most serious of the
charges - of the same child. According to warrants, he also gave sexually
explicit books to two boys, enticed children to have sex with him and
photographed a child in a sex act. Mr. Hollis, a former physician's assistant at
Georgia Baptist Medical Center, was being held without bond. His arraignment is
set for April 20.

ALBANY: Injunction may be sought against judge. The attorney for an elderly
Florida woman jailed because she could not afford to pay a fine for giving an
incorrect address said Friday he may seek an injunction against the judge.
"There's no question that her constitutional rights were violated," said Albany
lawyer Jim Finkelstein, who took Mary Alice Waire's case this week. "I've seen
four cases like this now under the same judge. I know it's been happening. I
know it's a pattern." Mrs. Waire, 69, of Tampa, was arrested Feb. 15 after
seeking a refund from a Wal-Mart store in Tifton for $ 30 worth of merchandise.
She pleaded guilty to giving a false address, a misdemeanor, and served 44 days
in jail because she could not pay the fines and court costs. State Court Judge
R.R. Buckley imposed a year's sentence, to be served on probation if Mrs. Waire
paid $ 300. She was released Tuesday after paying $ 150. Judge Buckley did not
return a telephone call Friday seeking comment, but Thursday he said he had no
apologies for Mrs. Waire's sentence.

ATLANTA: Court of Appeals candidate list grows. The chairman of the state House
Judiciary Committee and a top University of Georgia executive are among 11
candidates Gov. Zell Miller will consider for an opening on the Georgia Court of
Appeals. The appointment will fill the appellate post once held by new state
Supreme Court Justice George Carley. On Thursday, the state Judicial Nominating
Commission forwarded to Mr. Miller five new candidates: Gwinnett Superior Court
Judge Dawson Jackson; Savannah District Attorney Spencer Lawton; assistant state
Attorney General Stephanie Manis; University of Georgia vice president for legal
affairs Bryndis Roberts; and House Judiciary Committee chairman Charles Thomas
(D-Temple). The commission noted that six other eligible candidates were
considered during the governor's last court appointment: Fulton County Superior
Court judges Thelma Wyatt Cummings and Frank M. Eldridge; Senior state Attorney
General Alfred L. Evans Jr.; DeKalb Superior Court Judge Hilton Fuller; Superior
Court Judge Hugh Lawson of Hawkinsville; and Hall County Superior Court Judge
J.D. Smith.

ELECTIONS

STEWART COUNTY: Sheriff's race to be settled in June. A new sheriff's election
in Stewart County tentatively has been set for June 29, pending approval of the
U.S. Justice Department. The results of last summer's election between Lumpkin
Police Chief Roosevelt Jackson and Sheriff Bill House were thrown out after it
was discovered that some people who had voted were not residents of Stewart
County. Elections Chairman Randy Butts said 200 people have since been removed
from the list of registered voters. About 3,450 of the county's 5,600 residents
are registered to vote, he said. The ballot also would include the Stewart
County Commission election between John S. Patterson and one-term incumbent
Edward Lynch. Mr. Patterson, who lost the election, contested the results, which
showed a 17-vote difference between the two candidates. The new election will
cost at least $ 4,500, Mr. Butts said.

From staff reports and news services

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930940098

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 14, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE OKLAHOMA CITY BOMBING: THE LAW;
Defense's Portrait of Political Outrage May Have Backfired

BYLINE: By NINA BERNSTEIN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 9; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 612 words


In what many legal experts saw as a bizarre strategy that backfired, the
emphasis on the political beliefs behind Timothy J. McVeigh's murder of 168
people may have helped persuade the jury to impose a sentence of death rather
than life in prison.

Those beliefs -- that military tactics by Federal agents in the sieges at Ruby
Ridge, Idaho, and the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Tex., threatened to
create a police state in America -- were listed among the mitigating factors
jurors had to weigh before they recommended that he be sentenced to death.
Instead of being mitigating, suggested Laurence H. Tribe, professor of law at
Harvard University, they may have doomed him.

"The more he seemed like a person who misguidedly, but deliberately, schemed a
form of revenge that involved the sacrifice of innocent life, the less likely
the jury was to spare his life," Mr. Tribe said yesterday.

Erwin Chemerinsky, a professor of law at the University of Southern California,
agreed. "We especially want to deter people from thinking they can commit mass
murder in the name of politics," he said. "My guess is that the defense was
hoping that the jury would see this as a person outraged and maybe feel more
empathy with him. I certainly think that from the defense perspective it was a
counterproductive instruction."

To Mr. Tribe, the strange calculation of the defense in presenting Mr. McVeigh
as a politically motivated criminal seemed one forced by Mr. McVeigh himself.

"Clearly Mr. McVeigh was unwilling to portray any kind of remorse through his
demeanor or what he would allow his lawyers to argue," he said. "They must have
decided that their only remaining recourse was to make what he did
understandable, if outrageous."

The long list of mitigating and aggravating factors recited before the jury
delivered its verdict yesterday puzzled many of those who watched in suspense to
see whether Mr. McVeigh would pay with his life for a crime that shook the
nation and in recent days filled the courtroom with human pain. But such
questions are now a standard part of death penalty statutes.

H. Richard Uviller, a professor of law at Columbia University, explained that
the form emerged from a United States Supreme Court's 1976 decision that the
death penalty could neither be automatically imposed in certain categories of
crime, no matter how heinous, nor could it be imposed entirely at a jury's
discretion. Rather, each case must be decided on its own merits.

Some factors the jury considered are part of Federal statute. Premeditation, for
example, is a standard aggravating factor, and Mr. McVeigh's lack of a criminal
record is a standard mitigating one. But many of the factors were tailored to
the case, negotiated by the prosecution and the defense and presented to the
jury by the judge. "There's no way to assign numerical weights to any of these
factors, therefore you're weighing the proverbial apples against oranges," Mr.
Uviller said.

But, Mr. Tribe said, the list itself "tends to reinforce the conclusion that the
jury proceeded carefully, not in some blind impulse of impassioned vengeance."

Under Federal law, the jury must be unanimous in finding the aggravating
factors. But any juror who considers a factor to be mitigating is obliged to
consider it in making the recommendation. Only one juror found that Mr. McVeigh
"is a person who deals honestly with others in interpersonal relations," while
all agreed that he had received a Bronze Star in the Persian Gulf war. "But to
weigh that against the number of lives lost and the number of injuries sustained
-- it seems rather paltry mitigation," Mr. Uviller added.


LOAD-DATE: June 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "The Verdict Step by Step"
Following are the factors the jury had to consider before sentencing Timothy J.
McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing case. Some are specified by Federal law for
death penalty cases. Others were approved by Judge Richard P. Matsch to be
submitted to the jury.

Intent and Aggravating Factors

The jury had to decide unanimously and beyond a reasonable doubt on each of
these points:

INTENT TO CAUSE DEATH

1. The defendant intentionally killed the victims.
2. He intentionally inflicted serious bodily injury that resulted in the death
of the victims.
3. He intentionally participated in an act, contemplating or intending that it
would be lethal, and the victims died as a result of that act.
4. He intentionally and specifically engaged in an act of violence, knowing that
the act created a grave risk of death; his participation constituted a reckless
disregard for human life, and the victims died as a direct result of the act.

AGGRAVATING FACTORS
Specified under Federal law:

1. The deaths occurred during the commission of an offense involving
transportation of explosives across state lines.
2. The defendant, in the commission of the offense, knowingly created a grave
risk of death to one or more people in addition to the victims.
3. The defendant committed the offenses after substantial planning and
premeditation to cause death and to commit an act of terrorism.
4. The defendant committed the offenses against one or more people because they
were Federal law-enforcement officers.

Approved by Judge Matsch:

1. The offenses resulted in the deaths of 168 people.
2. In committing the offenses, the defendant caused serious physical and
emotional injury, including maiming, disfigurement and permanent disability.
3By committing the offenses, the defendant caused severe injuries and losses
suffered by the victims' families.

Mitigating Factors

By law, if the jury finds aggravating factors, it must consider factors that
might weigh in the defendant's favor. The vote on mitigating factors need not be
unanimous.

1. Timothy McVeigh believed deeply in the ideals upon which the United States
was founded.
2. He believed that the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms and Federal
Bureau of Investigation were responsible for the deaths in the Branch Davidian
compound at Waco, Tex., in 1993.
3. He believed that Federal law-enforcement agents murdered Sammy and Vicki
Weaver near Ruby Ridge Idaho, in August 1992.
4. He believed that the increasing use of military-style force and tactics by
Federal law enforcement agencies against American citizens was leading to a
police state.
5. His belief that Federal law-enforcement agencies failed to take
responsibilities for their actions at Ruby Ridge and Waco, and failed to punish
those responsible, added to his growing concerns about the existence of a police
state and a loss of constitutional liberties.
6. He served honorably and with great distinction in the Army.
7. He received the Bronze Star for heroic service in the Persian Gulf war.
8. He is a reliable and dependable person in work and in his personal affairs
and relations with others.
9. He deals honestly with others.
10. He is a patient and effective teacher when working in a supervisory role.
11. He is a good and loyal friend.
12. Over the course of his life, he has done good deeds for others, including a
number of strangers.
13. He has no prior criminal record.

The law also allows jurors to add other mitigating factors. The McVeigh jurors
did not find any.

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 28, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Repairs needed in basement Griese, Broncos off to slow start; Falcons' offense
stalls

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C; PRO FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 671 words


After the madness of the NFL's third weekend, the lights will
be burning late into the night in Denver and Atlanta.

And maybe in every other league city, too. But workaholic coaches
can only prepare and motivate. The craziness of this improbable
season is all about crucial injuries, weak offensive lines, little
depth and quarterback turnover.


The Broncos and Falcons are virtually out of the Super Bowl race.
Sure, it's early, but in past Super Bowls, the two finalists averaged
3.12 losses. The Broncos and Falcons already have lost three and
will have to get on a very big roll, winning at least 10 of their
last 13 to win their divisions.

The problems:

* Broncos: Brian Griese has a star quality about him but
is young and not very mobile. The Broncos kept it simple for Griese,
using a base offense most of the way against Tampa Bay. The Bucs
threw in a lot of run blitzes to stop Terrell Davis, and therefore,
to stop Griese. On defense, the Denver secondary doesn't tackle
very well.

* Falcons: The two key players in Atlanta's play-action
offense, halfback Jamal Anderson and quarterback Chris Chandler,
are out. Without them, the Falcons are down to Byron Hanspard
and Tony Graziani, a big dropoff. The loss of wideout Tony Martin
took away a downtown playmaker; the loss of linebacker Cornelius
Bennett, a defensive leader.

Other teams struggling:

* Philadelphia: The Eagles can't pass-protect, which ruins
Andy Reid's West Coast offense. They have a sad history, drafting
five No. 1 linemen in the 1990s, with only Tra Thomas (1998) impressing
anybody.

* New York Jets: With Vinny Testaverde out, the offense
is less daring, with less movement outside the pocket with newcomer
Rick Mirer.

* Cleveland: Little speed, no playmakers to execute Chris
Palmer's rhythmic offense.

* Cincinnati: The Bengals lack run-stoppers, an old weakness.

* Chicago: Too many mental errors, not enough playmaking
leaders.

Around the league  . . .

Best quote: Peter Schaffer, an agent for Barry Sanders,
on Detroit's refusal to engage in a trade -- "Not letting him
play is like taking the Mona Lisa from the Louvre and putting
it in a closet so nobody can look at it."

Quote II: Bills owner Ralph Wilson, on the state of the
league -- "This is a high-risk game. You can start out the year
scouting and planning and getting the squad together. On paper
you have a very good team. Then boom, boom, boom. You're hit with
an injury to a key player and you don't have the team you had
on paper. The (free agency) system disrupts teams because players
are able to move. The offensive line, that's a very key element.
You lose a couple of offensive linemen to free agency, it's hard
to plug in new people. This year, some surprise team gets on a
roll, doesn't have injuries and they keep throwing those sevens.

"They could wind up in the Super Bowl."

Rookies you noticed: New England LB Andy Katzenmoyer, Denver
LB Al Wilson, Pittsburgh LB Joey Porter, Tennessee DE Jevon Kearse,
Indianapolis RB Edgerrin James, Tampa Bay K Martin Gramatica.

Still can make plays: Tennessee QB Neil O'Donnell, Tampa
Bay LB Hardy Nickerson, Carolina QB Steve Beuerlein, Denver DE
Neil Smith.

Balance swing: The AFC now has better young quarterback
talent, with Peyton Manning, Griese, Tim Couch and Doug Flutie
added. The NFC's best QBs carry some age: San Francisco's Steve
Young, Dallas' Troy Aikman, Minnesota's Randall Cunningham and
Atlanta's Chris Chandler. Jake Plummer, Charlie Batch and Brad
Johnson are best of the new NFC breed.

Out again: Cincinnati's Ki-Jana Carter, the No. 1 pick
in the 1995 draft. Carter, who had missed 34 starts in three years
with knee and shoulder problems, is sidelined with a dislocated
right kneecap.

What firepower? In Week 3, only St. Louis and Kansas City
topped 30 points, 16 teams scored under 21 and only two QBs had
300-yard games: Manning (404) and Green Bay's Brett Favre (304).



LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Steve Nesius, AP; Having a ball: Linebacker Hardy Nickerson
celebrates his second-quarter interception of a Brian Griese pass Sunday during
the Buccaneers' 13-10 win against the Broncos. Nickerson had five tackles and
the Tampa Bay defense limited the Broncos to 173 yards.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              September 10, 2001, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

TALK OF THE TOWN

BYLINE: JOHN ROMANO

SECTION: SPORTS; TALK OF THE TOWN; COMMENTARY; Pg. 14C

LENGTH: 492 words



Five topics suitable for inane debate on talk radio:

THE OFFENSE: The Bucs used to be bland, predictable and punchless on offense.
The new-look Bucs are fresh, daring and punchless on offense.

BIG PLAYS: You cannot toss a jockstrap without hitting a Pro Bowl veteran in the
locker room, yet the Bucs seem woefully short when it comes to
momentum-shifting, game-altering, big plays.

REPLACEMENT OFFICIALS: This may be the first time in league history that an
officiating crew converted more third downs than the home offense.

QUINCY CARTER: The Cowboys anticipate expanding the game plan for their rookie
quarterback. They're just waiting for him to master the Georgia playbook first.

CHASING GASTINEAU: Conceding that Carter spent less time in the pocket than a
12-year-old's allowance, the starting line still whiffed when it came to sacks.
The fellas are clanging their drink cups at Rikers Island.

A LIST OF FIVE

Five explanations for Tampa Bay's woeful offense:

5: Have too much respect for Jerry Jones to run the score up against Dallas.

4: A blatant attempt to woo Ryan Leaf back.

3: The all-you-can-eat Tex-Mex buffet Warrick Dunn visited Saturday night.

2: Want to perfect those 5-yard passes first.

1: What do you mean the offense was woeful?

BIG EASY PICKS

Checking out the best bets (and the Bucs) for Super Bowl XXXVI in New Orleans:

1. RAMS: The league's best offense no longer has to be ashamed of its defense.

2. BRONCOS: Terrell Davis looks healthy, which is bad news for Olandis Gary,
Mike Anderson and every defense in the AFC.

3. COLTS: Jim Mora's reputation hinges on this season. Either he breaks through
in the postseason, or he goes down as the coach who couldn't win a big game.

4. RAVENS: They sneak into the Top 5 on the basis of last year. But Elvis Grbac
still has to prove he is a dramatic upgrade from Trent Dilfer.

8. BUCS: It's kind of difficult to make an argument as a Super Bowl contender
when Carter still has a chance to beat you in the final minute of his NFL debut.

FIVE TO REMEMBER

Five Bucs players who deserve to take a bow:

BRIAN KELLY: The Cowboys were within a yard of a touchdown. Emmitt Smith, who
has found more paths to the end zone than any back in the NFL, was sprinting to
the outside when he was stuffed by Kelly.

AARON STECKER: You have to admire his chutzpah. Five yards from the nearest
Cowboy, he insisted he was pushed from behind when he was called for interfering
with a punt returner.

KEYSHAWN JOHNSON: Playing most of the game on a bum leg was admirable.
Continuing to carry out his blocking assignments was inspiring.

JACQUEZ GREEN: On the game's only touchdown drive, he caught three passes for
first downs, including two in third-down situations.

DERRICK BROOKS: You gotta love him. Even when he is supposed to be blocking - as
on Dexter Jackson's interception - he still is the best tackler on the field.

FIVE FINAL WORDS

No reason to panic. Yet.


LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 15, 1992, Tuesday

Hurt Falcons sputtering on offense

BYLINE: By Len Pasquarelli STAFF WRITERatlanta/falcons; football; injuries;
competition

SECTION: SPORTS; Section D; Page 1

LENGTH: 555 words


Expected by many observers - and a few teammates, too - to carry a supposedly
defense-thin club through the early stages of the season, the Atlanta Falcons'
potentially explosive offense has hardly bolted from the gate.

Now, a unit ranked just No. 15 in the league through two games enters a
difficult stretch against playoff-caliber opponents - New Orleans here Sunday,
the Bears in Chicago Sept. 27 - facing the same sort of injury concerns that
hampered the team's defense in training camp.

Wide receiver Michael Haynes, who has scored Atlanta's only three offensive
touchdowns, is expected to miss two to four games with a separated right
shoulder. Center Jamie Dukes's streak of 50 consecutive regular-season starts
will end Sunday against the Saints because of a fractured rib. The club's best
big-play backs, Steve Broussard (shoulder) and Tony Smith (knee), remain at less
than 100 percent physically.

"Yeah, it's a tough stretch coming up here, and the injuries add to it,"
assistant head coach/offense June Jones said Monday. "We're going to need
someone to step up and make the plays. And we're going to need it with some
consistency."

If there has been one element missing in the Falcons' offense, it has been the
ability to move the ball on a consistent basis. While Atlanta's offense remains
the NFL equivalent of a ticking time bomb, opponents have succeeded so far in
defusing the longer, time-consuming drives.

"The Falcons put the scare of the one-play touchdown drive in you on every
snap," said Washington cornerback Martin Mayhew after his team's 24- 17 victory
over Atlanta on Sunday. "But if you can force them into kind of a 'half-court
offense,' then they're not as effective. You've got to make them show some
staying power."

To date, the offense has demonstrated little of that. Consider:

After scoring 17 points in the first quarter of its opening-game victory over
the New York Jets, the offense has only one touchdown and 13 points in the past
seven quarters.

Over that same period, the Falcons have just 410 yards, 15 first downs and 76
offensive snaps. "It's just a breakdown here or a breakdown there. But it's time
to get over that stuff," said Chris Miller, who has a quarterback rating of
96.1, sixth-best in the NFC.

In two games, the Falcons have had 21 offensive possessions, one of those for
just 19 seconds when running out the clock in first half of the opening game. On
the remaining 20 possessions, the offense has managed no more than one first
down 13 times, including eight drives with no first downs. Only one NFL team
that has played two games has fewer first downs than Atlanta's 24.

For the season, Atlanta has just four possessions of 50 yards or more, but 11 of
20 yards or less.

While the Falcons are a team that worries far more about the final score than
statistics, Jones conceded that there is still much work to be done - and noted
that the team must start getting some plays from its running game.

"We're still a little rough, definitely," said Jones. "Consistent is something
we are not right now, and there's no one element you can put your finger on.
We've had the big play, but what's been missing are the 10-yard plays that keep
you on the field, or the seven-and eight-yard runs.

"The big plays are great, but we need the other stuff, too."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922600103

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Coale is quite a strategist;
OU WOMEN'S BASKETBALL;
TRIANGLE OFFENSE HAS BEEN A BOOST FOR THE SOONERS

BYLINE: JENNI CARLSON, Staff Writer<br>jcarlson@opubco.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 995 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo.


KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Sherri Coale has a comfy couch in her Lloyd Noble Center
office that has been the site of many heart-to-heart conversations. There are
cushy pillows. There are nearby tissues.

It's the kind of thing that has created a belief that the Oklahoma women's
basketball coach's success is all about her ability to inspire and motivate.

No doubt she has done that with motivational quotes and handwritten notes and,
yes, heart-to-heart chats on the couch. She has created a bond that is evident
in the former players who regularly return, in the Senior Day waterworks that
happen every year and especially in these current Sooners who have the talent to
be good but have the chemistry to go to the Final Four.

But those facts often overshadow another - Coale has become quite a strategist.

She has led her Sooners to tonight's regional championship game, a place few
believed this team would be. Beat Kentucky, and OU will return to the Final Four
and take its place among the elite in women's college basketball.

Coale has been the architect. To understand how much she has grown as a coach
during her 14 seasons at OU, you need only know the offense that her Sooners
have used primarily this season.

The triangle offense.

And to understand the triangle, well, we don't have enough space here to detail
every intricacy and every option. Called "corner" by the Sooners, the scheme is
based on good spacing that makes driving lanes, creates isolation post plays and
gets open outside looks.

"If only you knew how many things you can do out of 'corner,' " Sooner guard
Nyeshia Stevenson said. "I don't know who thought of 'corner' ... but it fits us
perfectly."

The triangle offense was invented by Sam Barry, refined by Tex Winter, and
immortalized by Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls.

"And when we run it, it doesn't look very much like that at all," Coale joked.
"But we try real hard."

Coale and her assistants have tweaked the offense, but it is based off the
triangle that the Bulls used in their heydays.

The Sooners first started using the triangle offense on an inbounds play in the
late '90s. Then prior to the expansion and renovation of the Lloyd Noble Center,
Coale and her assistants went to Chicago to tour the Bulls' training facility
and gather ideas for the Sooners' new digs.

During the trip, they talked with the Bulls' coaches and learned more about the
triangle offense.

"That's where we first really started talking about it," longtime assistant Jan
Ross said of using the scheme. "It just kept working on inbounds. If it works,
we're gonna use it more and more."

The Sooners haven't ditched their motion offense, which has been Coale's
mainstay since her days coaching Norman High.

"That's still her foundation," Ross said. "We still start every year with the
same drills that we started with that first year.

"We start out with both motion and corner and just fit it to the group that we
have, see if they enjoy it, see if they like it, see if they understand it. It
really just depends on the personnel."

And for this bunch of Sooners, the corner offense has worked well. It depends
heavily on players recognizing what their teammates are doing and reacting
accordingly. Because four of OU's starters have played together for at least
three years, they are able do that well.

The offense also relies heavily on the player who fills the pinch post, a spot
filled on this OU squad by Amanda Thompson. She is a heady, experienced senior
who is able to make not only solid decisions but also spectacular plays.

"When I get to the pinch post and I can see what's going on, see what the
defense is doing, there are so many alternatives," Thompson said. "It's
guardable, but you get a lot of things from it.

"I just love the way it works."

While the players set the corner offense into motion, they credit the coaches
with breaking down the principles and working through the difficulties.

And with Coale focusing her efforts primarily on the offense, much of that
credit goes to her.

All of the backdoor cuts that the Sooners have scored on this season? All of the
nifty passes that have led to easy baskets? All of the plays that could be the
difference for OU tonight against a defensive-minded Kentucky squad?

Those are a product of the corner offense.

"It's a beautiful way to play," Coale said. "It's really a lot less scripted.
It's got a lot of reads and requires a high level of basketball IQ to really run
well."

That's a requirement of not only the players but also the coach.

Coale has always been able to motivate players. The quotes and the notes have
long been her strength, but now, she is proving that she is pretty good with the
Xs and the Os, too.

"Hopefully, I'm getting better," Coale said. "That's kind of the idea. Just like
a player. You want to keep getting better and better."

She smiled, ironically sounding a bit like she must've during those couch
counseling sessions in her office.

OKLAHOMA VS. KENTUCKY

&rarr;When: 8 tonight

&rarr;Where: Sprint Center, Kansas City, Mo.

&rarr;TV: ESPN (Cox 29)

&rarr;Radio: KOKC-AM 1520

Three things to know

&rarr;Kentucky is making its first Elite Eight appearance since the inaugural
NCAA Tournament in 1982.

&rarr;Kentucky was picked to finish 11th in the SEC in the preseason polls while
Oklahoma was picked to finish fifth in the Big 12.

&rarr;Single-session tickets are $24 for adults and $14 for youth available at
www.TicketMaster.com or (800) 745-3000.

Projected starters

Kentucky (28-7, 11-5 SEC)  Pos. Player   Ht. Cl. Pts. Reb.  F  Victoria Dunlap
6-1 Jr. 17.7 8.2  G  Amber Smith   5-5 Jr. 9.2 2.8  G  Keyla Snowden   5-7 So.
6.8 0.9  G  Amani Franklin   5-11 Sr. 7.4 6.4  G  A'dia Mathies   5-9 Fr. 13.8
4.8

Oklahoma (26-10, 11-5 Big 12)  Pos. Player   Ht. Cl. Pts. Reb.  G  Nyeshia
Stevenson 5-10 Sr. 14.1 3.9  G  Danielle Robinson 5-9 Jr. 16.7 3.2  F  Amanda
Thompson 6-1 Sr. 13.0 10.5  C  Abi Olajuwon   6-3 Sr. 10.8 7.4  G  Jasmine
Hartman 5-11 So. 2.2 1.6

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OU women's basketball coach Sherri Coale is known for her ability to
inspire and motivate her teams. But that sometimes overshadows her abilities as
a strategist. - PHOTO BY BRYAN TERRY, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Coale is quite a strategist;
OU WOMEN'S BASKETBALL;
TRIANGLE OFFENSE HAS BEEN A BOOST FOR THE SOONERS

BYLINE: JENNI CARLSON, Staff Writer<br>jcarlson@opubco.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 995 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo.


KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Sherri Coale has a comfy couch in her Lloyd Noble Center
office that has been the site of many heart-to-heart conversations. There are
cushy pillows. There are nearby tissues.

It's the kind of thing that has created a belief that the Oklahoma women's
basketball coach's success is all about her ability to inspire and motivate.

No doubt she has done that with motivational quotes and handwritten notes and,
yes, heart-to-heart chats on the couch. She has created a bond that is evident
in the former players who regularly return, in the Senior Day waterworks that
happen every year and especially in these current Sooners who have the talent to
be good but have the chemistry to go to the Final Four.

But those facts often overshadow another - Coale has become quite a strategist.

She has led her Sooners to tonight's regional championship game, a place few
believed this team would be. Beat Kentucky, and OU will return to the Final Four
and take its place among the elite in women's college basketball.

Coale has been the architect. To understand how much she has grown as a coach
during her 14 seasons at OU, you need only know the offense that her Sooners
have used primarily this season.

The triangle offense.

And to understand the triangle, well, we don't have enough space here to detail
every intricacy and every option. Called "corner" by the Sooners, the scheme is
based on good spacing that makes driving lanes, creates isolation post plays and
gets open outside looks.

"If only you knew how many things you can do out of 'corner,' " Sooner guard
Nyeshia Stevenson said. "I don't know who thought of 'corner' ... but it fits us
perfectly."

The triangle offense was invented by Sam Barry, refined by Tex Winter, and
immortalized by Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls.

"And when we run it, it doesn't look very much like that at all," Coale joked.
"But we try real hard."

Coale and her assistants have tweaked the offense, but it is based off the
triangle that the Bulls used in their heydays.

The Sooners first started using the triangle offense on an inbounds play in the
late '90s. Then prior to the expansion and renovation of the Lloyd Noble Center,
Coale and her assistants went to Chicago to tour the Bulls' training facility
and gather ideas for the Sooners' new digs.

During the trip, they talked with the Bulls' coaches and learned more about the
triangle offense.

"That's where we first really started talking about it," longtime assistant Jan
Ross said of using the scheme. "It just kept working on inbounds. If it works,
we're gonna use it more and more."

The Sooners haven't ditched their motion offense, which has been Coale's
mainstay since her days coaching Norman High.

"That's still her foundation," Ross said. "We still start every year with the
same drills that we started with that first year.

"We start out with both motion and corner and just fit it to the group that we
have, see if they enjoy it, see if they like it, see if they understand it. It
really just depends on the personnel."

And for this bunch of Sooners, the corner offense has worked well. It depends
heavily on players recognizing what their teammates are doing and reacting
accordingly. Because four of OU's starters have played together for at least
three years, they are able do that well.

The offense also relies heavily on the player who fills the pinch post, a spot
filled on this OU squad by Amanda Thompson. She is a heady, experienced senior
who is able to make not only solid decisions but also spectacular plays.

"When I get to the pinch post and I can see what's going on, see what the
defense is doing, there are so many alternatives," Thompson said. "It's
guardable, but you get a lot of things from it.

"I just love the way it works."

While the players set the corner offense into motion, they credit the coaches
with breaking down the principles and working through the difficulties.

And with Coale focusing her efforts primarily on the offense, much of that
credit goes to her.

All of the backdoor cuts that the Sooners have scored on this season? All of the
nifty passes that have led to easy baskets? All of the plays that could be the
difference for OU tonight against a defensive-minded Kentucky squad?

Those are a product of the corner offense.

"It's a beautiful way to play," Coale said. "It's really a lot less scripted.
It's got a lot of reads and requires a high level of basketball IQ to really run
well."

That's a requirement of not only the players but also the coach.

Coale has always been able to motivate players. The quotes and the notes have
long been her strength, but now, she is proving that she is pretty good with the
Xs and the Os, too.

"Hopefully, I'm getting better," Coale said. "That's kind of the idea. Just like
a player. You want to keep getting better and better."

She smiled, ironically sounding a bit like she must've during those couch
counseling sessions in her office.

OKLAHOMA VS. KENTUCKY

&rarr;When: 8 tonight

&rarr;Where: Sprint Center, Kansas City, Mo.

&rarr;TV: ESPN (Cox 29)

&rarr;Radio: KOKC-AM 1520

Three things to know

&rarr;Kentucky is making its first Elite Eight appearance since the inaugural
NCAA Tournament in 1982.

&rarr;Kentucky was picked to finish 11th in the SEC in the preseason polls while
Oklahoma was picked to finish fifth in the Big 12.

&rarr;Single-session tickets are $24 for adults and $14 for youth available at
www.TicketMaster.com or (800) 745-3000.

Projected starters

Kentucky (28-7, 11-5 SEC)  Pos. Player   Ht. Cl. Pts. Reb.  F  Victoria Dunlap
6-1 Jr. 17.7 8.2  G  Amber Smith   5-5 Jr. 9.2 2.8  G  Keyla Snowden   5-7 So.
6.8 0.9  G  Amani Franklin   5-11 Sr. 7.4 6.4  G  A'dia Mathies   5-9 Fr. 13.8
4.8

Oklahoma (26-10, 11-5 Big 12)  Pos. Player   Ht. Cl. Pts. Reb.  G  Nyeshia
Stevenson 5-10 Sr. 14.1 3.9  G  Danielle Robinson 5-9 Jr. 16.7 3.2  F  Amanda
Thompson 6-1 Sr. 13.0 10.5  C  Abi Olajuwon   6-3 Sr. 10.8 7.4  G  Jasmine
Hartman 5-11 So. 2.2 1.6

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OU women's basketball coach Sherri Coale is known for her ability to
inspire and motivate her teams. But that sometimes overshadows her abilities as
a strategist. - PHOTO BY BRYAN TERRY, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 5, 2011 Wednesday

Seminoles wary of Price, Wake Forest passing attack

BYLINE: Brad Milner, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 531 words


Oct. 05--TALLAHASSEE -- Florida State's defense has been maligned over the past
five quarters it's played. If it executes in a similar fashion for four more on
Saturday the Seminoles might be looking at three straight defeats.

FSU (2-2, 0-1 Atlantic Coast Conference) travels to Winston-Salem, N.C., to face
Wake Forest (3-1, 2-0), which has surprised early this season. The Demon Deacons
have given FSU fits in the past and feature a steadily improving quarterback in
Tanner Price.

The Seminoles held down Oklahoma's offense Sept. 17 until big plays in the
fourth quarter turned the tide in a 23-13 loss. FSU yielded more than 400 yards
and five scoring drives of 70 or more in a 35-30 loss at Clemson Sept. 24. The
rushing defense remained stout, giving up just 99 yards to the Tigers, but
passing plays were abundant, including on third down.

"I think they've got to be smarter, stop giving up the big plays and not isolate
yourself," FSU coach Jimbo Fisher said on Wednesday. "And we have to be able to
get the team off the field on third down.

"Third and long was a big problem. Wake can throw the heck out of the ball, they
have a quarterback and wide receivers that do a great job. It's a definite
concern."

FSU won't face a Wake Forest offense with the potency of Oklahoma or Clemson. It
also won't face a Wake Forest offense with as little firepower as
Louisiana-Monroe and Charleston Southern. The Demon Deacons are somewhere in
between.

Wake Forest is fourth in the ACC in scoring offense (34.5 points per game),
fourth in total yards (422.5) and fifth in third-down conversions (46 percent).
It also is second in red-zone offense (90.9 percent) and has done well in
holding onto the football (four turnovers given up, four forced).

Price has shown improvement as a sophomore and has drawn the eye of Fisher, who
mentors FSU's quarterbacks. Price has been efficient, currently sitting in
second in the conference with 279 yards per game to go along with seven
touchdowns and two interceptions. He has carried the load for an offense that is
averaging only 108 yards rushing.

"He looks better, has a lot of velocity and accuracy," Fisher said of the
6-foot-2, 205-pound Price. "I've been very impressed with the film I've watched.
He's a playmaker and when you have a good one it really makes a difference on
offense."

Price also has found a favorite target, junior Chris Givens, who averages 124.5
yards per game and has grabbed 27 receptions with four TDs. Wake Forest also has
potent second and third options in Danny Dembry and Michael Campanaro, who both
average 68 yards a game and have combined for three scores.

Fisher said the Seminoles are putting much work into correcting pass coverage
mistakes heading into Saturday. The game has taken on even more importance given
FSU is 0-1 with the loss to Atlantic Division foe Clemson. Wake Forest also is
in the Atlantic Division and falling behind in a 0-2 hole and losing two
head-to-head tiebreakers would place more urgency on a season that was once
filled with high expectations.

___ (c)2011 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111005-PY-Seminoles-wary-of-Price-Wake-Forest-passing-attack-1005-20111005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2011 The News Herald


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 23, 2012 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Vikings coaches deserve praise

BYLINE: Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 409 words


Oct. 23--If the Minnesota Vikings were 3-4 but looked a lot flashier on offense
with long passes and a seasoned-looking Christian Ponder was behind center,
would that satisfy the critics?

For some pro football followers, winning isn't good enough. The team has to look
and feel a certain way. The quarterback has to be a strong pocket passer but be
nimble enough to scramble and toss the long bombs, regardless of the quality of
his receiving corps. It's as though the pass-oriented offenses pioneered by the
Oakland Raiders in the 1970s and perfected by the San Francisco 49ers in the
1980s have now become the standard. That's probably because the modern
play-action offenses employed by teams like New England, Pittsburgh and New York
all have marquee, experienced, long-bombing quarterbacks at the helm, and those
teams have been successful in the past decade.

But 5-2 is a good start to any season, and it doesn't matter whether teams look
like Bill Belichick's Patriots. The Vikings' coaches deserve credit for A. being
the most-improved team in the National Football League, and B. implementing a
team strategy using the talent they had, not forcing the talent to fit some
league mold. By the way, fitting a mold is what Brad Childress was attempting.

Last year, the NFL was dominated by passing offenses, with quarterbacks like
Drew Brees of the New Orleans Saints breaking all kinds of records.

The Vikings this year have shown that the old-school style of football --
running the ball on offense and rushing the quarterback on defense -- still
works. After all, with Adrian Peterson and Percy Harvin on the team, and Toby
Gerhardt as a backup, a priority on running the ball seems obvious.

Yes, it would be good for that run-oriented offense to have a better downfield
pass threat. Yes, it would be good for that run-oriented offense to get more
first downs and have fewer three-and-outs. And, yes, Ponder is still developing
his skills at quarterback.

But such criticisms must be stated while also noting the good record and noting
style of play this team is shooting for. Not every team must mimic the Patriots.
In fact, it's fun to see the Vikings show the league's teams a new way to
victories. These are not the vertical Vikings of the Randall Cunningham and
Brett Favre eras.

___ (c)2012 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121023-1AL-EDITORIAL-Vikings-coaches-deserve-praise-1023-20121023

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2012 Albert Lea Tribune


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 10, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Pittsburg State has scores of ability

BYLINE: Andy Gardiner

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 403 words

When coach Chuck Broyles surveyed his Pittsburg (Kan.) State football roster in
August he was confident he had an offense that could score.

But never in his wildest fantasies did Broyles imagine he was looking at the
juggernaut that will battle Valdosta (Ga.) State for the NCAA Division II
championship Saturday.


The top-seeded Gorillas are unbeaten through 14 games behind an offense that
piles up yards and points like a video game, shattering all-division records at
every turn:

 * Their 806 points (57.6 a game) topped Harvard's mark of 765 (54.6) set in
1886.

 * They have 8,605 yards in total offense (614.6 a game) to surpass Texas Tech's
7,576 (582.8) established last year.

 * They led Division II in scoring offense, total offense and rushing offense
(368.4 yards a game).

"I'm not really sure how this happened," Broyles says.

"We knew we'd be good offensively, but I had no idea we would lead the nation. I
guess we're just a little more mature, and some players have made the most of
their chances."

The Gorillas topped 70 points five times behind a dual-quarterback system
created when four-year starter Neal Philpot was sidelined with turf toe early in
the year. Andy Majors stepped in and has teamed with Philpot for 33 touchdown
passes in an offense that runs the ball 65% of the time.

Philpot has also run for 1,281 yards and 15 scores. But the big back is Germaine
Race, who has piled up 2,174 yards and 26 TDs. Jermaine Carpenter, Tim Austin
and Mike Ward have teamed for 27 TD receptions.

"We've evolved into an offense that controls the tempo," Broyles says. "We keep
the ball away from you and give our defense time to find its way."

The Gorillas returned starting linebackers Josh Lattimer, Chad Miller and Jimmie
Taylor but had to remake the defensive line. It's a smaller unit than a year ago
but effective.

"People have moved the ball on us, but our defense has been pretty good at not
allowing a lot of points," Broyles says.

The Gorillas allow 317 yards and 17.9 points a game.

Pittsburg won its only title in 1991 and is in the final for the first time
since 1995. Broyles knows No. 3 Valdosta (12-1) with Florida State transfer
Fabian Walker at quarterback will make a second crown difficult.

"They are probably the most athletic team we will have faced, with more team
speed," Broyles says. "But we're ready to take the challenge."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             October 4, 2009 Sunday

Inman: Raiders are lacking leadership, as well as offense

BYLINE: By Cam Inman Oakland Tribune columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Raiders; Columnists; Football

LENGTH: 729 words


HOUSTON

ONE GLARING PROBLEM with the Raiders' doomsday offense is its lack of
leadership.

Why else would defensive end Greg Ellis be the one huddling up the Raiders
offense on the sideline during the first half of Sunday's 29-6, Texas-sized
whipping by the Houston Texans?

Because quarterback JaMarcus Russell hasn't shown the willingness to do so in
between his erratic passes.

Because running backs Darren McFadden and Michael Bush are too young (and
combined for just seven yards rushing Sunday).

Because the young wide receivers are too busy dropping passes (nine, by the head
coach's count).

Because the offensive line is a jumbled mess without veteran guard Robert
Gallery (broken leg).

And because the head coach, Tom Cable, is losing an all too familiar fight (no
pun intended) as this franchise keeps finding ways to hurt itself.

So there was Ellis, a 12-year NFL veteran, standing in front of the Raiders
bench and telling the offense how it is. This came 10 minutes before halftime,
with the Raiders down only a 10-spot (13-3).

For the fourth time in five series, the Raiders offense had just taken three
snaps and summoned punter Shane Lechler. This time, however, the Raiders'
three-and-out series consisted of three consecutive passes going in and out of
rookie receiver Louis Murphy's hands.

It was the perfect time for someone to take charge before this began resembling
all those blowouts we've seen since 2003. That Ellis was the one to speak up is
both encouraging (for his sake) and disturbing (for the offense's).

"He's been on good teams so he knows what it takes," tight end Zach Miller said.

Therein rests a key fault with so many young Raiders on offense: This is the
only team they know, and they don't have anyone credible enough to rally them in
dire times.

"(Ellis) was just telling the offense to play with heart and make it matter to
you, that each guy has to do his own job and don't try to do too much," Miller
added. "He's a good leader for the team.

"When things start going like that, a defensive guy can say what he wants, but
our offense has to go out there and be the ones to get a drive going and score
points. We didn't do that. How much is a leadership thing? I don't know. If we
play like that, we're not going to win any games."

They certainly won't be favored to win any before their Nov. 8 bye. They're
sitting ducks for the New York Giants, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Jets and
San Diego Chargers.

Ellis came to Oakland   after 11 seasons with the Dallas Cowboys   with hopes of
rebuilding the Raiders. He has credibility, and he had the offense's attention
during his sideline speech (although Russell didn't look too interested while
standing behind him).

Said Ellis: "It's just team talk. It's just, 'Guys, let's hang in there. Keep
playing together. A higher concentration level. Catch the ball. Little things
like that.' I'm not the one that's going to finger-point to anybody, but it's
just what I see. And that's concentrate a little bit more. We can do it."

How did Russell cope Sunday?

"He seemed calm," rookie wide receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey said. "He seemed like
JaMarcus always (is): poise in the huddle, calling plays and running this
offense the way it needs to be run."

Actually, that offense couldn't have been run much worse than Sunday's showing.
Russell (12 of 33, 128 yards, one fumble) wasn't the worst offender, and that
should tell you how bad his supporting cast was.

McFadden had six carries for minus-3 yards while Bush had three carries for 10
yards and a fumble. Justin Fargas had 10 carries for 24 yards but also got
dropped in the end zone for a safety.

That wasn't Fargas' fault. The Raiders' horrible line   Cable's baby   allowed
the Texans to push their way 5 yards deep into the end zone to wall off Fargas.

The Raiders have gained the fewest yards in the league, and their 42 points ALL
season are six less than Chicago scored Sunday against Detroit.

"Look at all that potential. They just haven't jelled yet," Texans linebacker
Brian Cushing said of the Raiders. "They have an explosive offense, especially
with the three backs they've got, the good receivers, a good tight end and a
quarterback with an arm like that."

If all that is true, if the talent really is there, then a leader eventually
will emerge, but only after he plays his way into that role. Any takers?

Contact Cam Inman at www.twitter.com/CamInman

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Houston Texans linebacker Brian Cushing (56) tackles Oakland Raiders
running back Justin Fargas (25) in the end zone for a safety during the third
quarter of a NFL football game Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. (AP Photo/Dave
Einsel)
Houston Texans linebacker Brian Cushing (56) pressures Oakland Raiders
quarterback JaMarcus Russell (2) during the third quarter of a NFL football game
Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Louis Murphy (18) is tackled by Houston Texans
cornerback Dunta Robinson (23) during the third quarter of a NFL football game
Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. The Texans beat the Raiders 29-6. (AP
Photo/David J. Phillip)
Oakland Raiders quarterback JaMarcus Russell (2) sits on the bench after being
tackled during the third quarter of a NFL football game against the Houston
Texans Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. The Texans beat the Raiders 29-6. (AP
Photo/David J. Phillip)
Houston Texans wide receiver Jacoby Jones (12) returns a kick 95 yards for a
touchdown during the third quarter of a NFL football game against the Oakland
Raiders Sunday, Oct. 4, 2009 in Houston. The Texans beat the Raiders 29-6. (AP
Photo/David J. Phillip)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           November 13, 2004 Saturday

Edinboro heads to Bentley in search of playoff victory

BYLINE: Dave Mackall

LENGTH: 647 words


The Edinboro football team sets out today on a journey it hopes will lead to a
trip to Birmingham, Ala., site of the Dec. 11 NCAA Division II championship
game.

The 21st-ranked Fighting Scots (8-2) travel to Waltham, Mass., today to face No.
20 Bentley (8-1) in the first round of the NCAA Division II Tournament, and they
want to produce a better showing than their 33-9 setback to then-No. 1 Saginaw
Valley State in last year's first round game.

"We've had a fabulous football season," Edinboro coach Lou Tepper said. " I
don't think I could be prouder of the effort and character of our team. It's
been a joy to work with this team. We head into the playoffs excited, and
relatively healthy for this time of year."

The winner advances to face No. 11 East Stroudsburg next Saturday.

The game will match teams with constrasting styles. Edinboro offers a balanced
offense that can run or pass, but it is a run-first attack that makes the
Fighting Scots dangerous.

Edinboro is averaging 210.0 yards rushing per game, which ranks 27th in Division
II, and 397.5 in total offense. Behind junior Andre Burke, who has gained 1,587
yards, Edinboro has gained at least 200 yards rushing in its past five games,
and the Fighting Scots are on a six-game winning streak.

Left-handed Bentley quarterback Marc Eddy makes the Falcons go on offense.
Bentley rankes fifth in Division II in scoring offense (41.6 ppg.), third in
scoring defense (13.6 ppg.), 16th in total offense (445.2 ypg.), 10th in total
defense (263.4 ypg.), seventh in passing offense (323.3 ypg.) and fifth in
rushing defense (73.9).

The 6-foot-3, 230-pound Eddy has completed 193 of 344 passes for 2,639 yards,
with 28 touchdowns and 10 interceptions. He ranks 10th in Division II in total
offense and 23rd in passing efficiency.

"Offensively, against a team like Bentley, you feel like you have to control the
ball to slow them down. They have such a dynamic offense," Tepper said. "Last
year, they threw for 445 yards and 5 TDs against (defending national champion)
Grand Valley State. They're for real. We'll have to play really well to slow
them down."

No. 10 Shippensburg, the only other Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference-West
team to qualify for the playoffs, is enjoying a week off with a first-round bye
and will play the winner of today's first-round game between West Chester and
C.W. Post. Shippensburg defeated No. 23 West Chester, 24-21, in the
regular-season finale last Saturday.

An abbreviated district schedule includes 12 regular-season games, including No.
13 West Virginia playing host to Boston College in a Big East game, Penn State
attempting to get back to winning with a Big Ten game at Indiana and Pitt
heading to Notre Dame for a non-conference game.

At Rooney Field, Duquesne and Morehead State will hook up in a non-conference
game between two nationally ranked NCAA Division I-AA programs. The third-ranked
Dukes wrapped up the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Football League
championship last weekend by beating La Salle, 56-35. No. 8 Morehead State comes
in as the champion of the Pioneer League South Division.

In a pair of Northeast Conference games, No. 7 Robert Morris is at Sacred Heart
and St. Francis (Pa.) visits Monmouth (N.J.).

Youngstown State travels to Southwest Missouri State for a I-AA Gateway Football
Conference game.

In season-ending NCAA Division III games, Westminster (Pa.) entertains
Waynesburg in the Presidents' Athletic Conference, Allegheny plays at Wittenberg
in the North Coast Athletic Conference, Juniata plays host to Fairleigh
Dickinson-Florham in the Middle Atlantic Corporation and Carnegie Mellon is home
against Rhodes in a non-conference game.

Geneva visits Urbana in an NAIA Mid-States Football Association Mideast League
game with a bid to the National Christian Collegiate Athletic Association
Victory Bowl on the line for the Golden Tornadoes.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               January 31, 1996, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

METRO AND GEORGIA IN BRIEF;
Rising river slows search for body of 3-year-old boy

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 07B

LENGTH: 557 words


The Flint River rose so high Tuesday it threatened to swamp the Macon County
command post where authorities searched for the body of 3- year-old Joshua
Gipson.

"I expect by in the morning the river will be in the tent," said Macon County
Emergency Management Agency Director Gerald Abbott. But the search, which is in
its ninth day, will continue.

Authorities have charged Joshua's mother, LaSonya Olivia Gipson, with throwing
his twin sister, Latoshia, into the river Jan. 14. They believe she threw Joshua
in at the same time. Latoshia's body was found last Wednesday.

COURTS

-PRISONER GETS 10 YEARS: A career criminal had 10 years added to his prison time
Tuesday when a federal judge in Atlanta sentenced him for stabbing a fellow
inmate at the federal penitentiary in Atlanta on Aug. 24, 1994. Marcos
Castaneda, 51, of Pomona, Calif., serving a sentence for armed robbery, stabbed
Raymond Moreno seven times with a homemade knife, authorities said. Castaneda
now is sentenced to remain in prison until he is 80.

-NAVY SEALS' MURDER TRIALS: Trial dates have been set in Virginia Beach, Va. ,
for two Navy SEAL trainees charged with murder in the 1995 slaying of Emory
University pre-med student Jennifer Lea Evans. Billy J. Brown Jr., 23, of
Dayton, Ohio, will stand trial May 20 and Dustin A. Turner, 20, of Bloomington,
Ind., will be tried June 25, said Assistant Virginia Commonwealth Attorney
Albert Alberi. Evans, 21, of Tucker, disappeared from a nightclub early June 19.
The men face possible life terms. Alberi said he will not seek the death penalty
because the time between the abduction and the discovery of the body hampered
efforts to develop evidence of sexual assault.

POLICE

-'COPS BILL OF RIGHTS': Atlanta City Councilman Jared Samples has proposed a
"Police Officer's Bill of Rights" outline procedure for investigating police
officers for misconduct. Samples, chairman of the council's public safety
committee, said he wants officers accused of crimes to be treated fairly, but he
also wants to ensure public confidence in the police department. "When police
officers investigate other police officers, it can be perceived that someone
else should be doing the investigation," he said. The council will hold a work
session on the bill at 10 a.m. Thursday.

-APARTMENT SLAYING: A 25-year-old man was stabbed to death and a woman was
seriously injured Tuesday by someone who may have visited the man's Stone
Mountain apartment before, DeKalb police said. Police found Kelvin Banks' body
about 2 a.m. in his Country Pine apartment in the 4900 block of Central Drive.
Officers also found Patricia Drake, 24, of Huntsville, Ala., who had been
stabbed several times, at the apartment. Drake was reported in stable condition.


GOVERNMENT

-LATE FEE VOIDED: Georgia Power Co. will not have to pay a $ 263,000 late fee
that was levied after a $ 5 million check for property taxes was misplaced by
DeKalb County. Acting on a legal opinion from County Attorney Jonathan
Weintraub, DeKalb Tax Commissioner Tom Scott on Tuesday determined that Georgia
Power was not late in turning in its 1995 property tax bill because DeKalb CEO
Liane Levetan was acting as an agent of the county when she accepted the check
during a public ceremony. The check was left on a receptionist's desk for a
month.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          October 13, 1993, Wednesday

GEORGIA IN BRIEF Boost for tougher DUI laws

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 4

LENGTH: 357 words


GWINNETT COUNTY: Sheriff James Carsten provided a statewide boost to the fight
for tougher DUI laws Tuesday, turning over 2,000 petition signatures collected
from counties across Georgia.

Carsten presented the signatures from 32 counties to the Gwinnett County Police
Department, showing support of former Police Chief Wayne Bolden's fight for
tougher DUI laws against first-time and multiple offenders. Citizens and public
safety officers from counties stretching from Dade on the Tennessee border,
Charlton on the Florida line, Heard near Alabama, to Effingham bordering South
Carolina are backing Bolden's idea. The current total number of signatures is
20,000.

Bolden, who resigned Sept. 28, proposed three laws, the first of which would
mandate jail sentences for first-time adult DUI offenders - possibly 48-hour
jail sentences. The second law would require the forfeiture of personal vehicles
for offenders convicted of a second DUI offense. The third law would mandate
stiffer minimum sentences for habitual repeat offenders.

CONSUMER AFFAIRS

MACON: Utility gets OK for natural gas fueling station. Atlanta Gas Light Co.
has been given permission to construct a $ 220,000 fueling station in Macon that
will enable more vehicles to run on compressed natural gas. Macon officials say
they will convert at least 30 vehicles a year over the next four years to
natural gas. The cities of Atlanta and Savannah, and MARTA, have similar but
smaller fueling stations for staff vehicles that have been converted to run on
natural gas. Atlanta Gas Light's proposal to the Public Service Commission is
part of an effort to promote natural gas as an alternative to gasoline.

POLICE

ATHENS: No charges in false rape claim. University of Georgia police say they
won't press charges against a woman who admitted she fabricated a story about
being raped on campus. The 27-year-old woman, who works at the school, had
claimed she was raped Oct. 4 near the university track. She later admitted she
had lied in an attempt to get a lover's attention. She could have been charged
with false reporting of a crime.

From staff and news services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932870366

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 26, 2003 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

The Pick

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D16

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


There is no lack of story lines at Super Bowl XXXVII. Tim Brown's wife could go
into labor with twins at any second. Jon Gruden's new team is facing his old
team. Commissioner Paul Tagliabue says he has no angst whatsoever about handing
Al Davis the Lombardi Trophy if the Oakland Raiders win. But the most compelling
story line now that Super Bowl week has been reduced to Super Bowl Sunday is
this: best offense vs. best defense.

The popular notion in team sports, all team sports, is that offense sells
tickets, defense wins championships. And now we'll see if that holds. As Tampa
Bay Buccaneers linebacker Simeon Rice said earlier this week, "If I'm doing
research and I'm trying to figure out what's paramount in the NFL, offense or
defense, which is the more dominant thing in the NFL, this is the game that has
to be your Exhibit A."

Historically, the teams with the dominant defense have won. The Dallas teams
with the great offenses have lost, but not the Dallas Doomsday Defense teams.
The Steel Curtain Steelers teams never lost. The Chicago Bears of '85
obliterated poor New England. The 49ers were serenaded for their offense, but
the defense checked in once at No. 1 and once at No. 2 in the league and won
back-to-back Super Bowls. The New York Giants of Bill Parcells and Lawrence
Taylor won. So did the Baltimore Ravens two years ago when they set the record
for fewest points allowed. So, for that matter, did Bill Belichick's Patriots
defense last year when most of us thought the Rams' offense was unstoppable.

Historically, the very best defenses win the championship. And even though I've
been with the Raiders in the AFC all season, Tampa Bay has the best defense.
It's tough to score against, tough to run against, tough to pass against. It's
difficult to see the Raiders throwing the ball 40 times and being successful
against the Buccaneers. Wide receiver Cris Carter says Simeon Rice is going to
be the MVP on Sunday, and I agree. Even though the Raiders' defense is better
than Tampa Bay's offense, I still see the Bucs edging the Raiders, 20-19.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            October 10, 2016 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Baker ready to lead the aggies

BYLINE: By, Mark Rudi

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 708 words


LAS CRUCES - New Mexico State and new head coach Paul Weir will debut a more
up-tempo offense than the Aggies have run in past seasons.

NMSU has a veteran point guard to help lead that offense in Ian Baker, the lone
senior for the Aggies this season. And Baker, who has been a leader for NMSU the
past few seasons, is ready to lead the Aggies' new faster offense.

"I think we can all expect a more up-tempo style," said Baker, a first team
All-Western Athletic Conference selection last season. "Quicker shots, but being
smarter, stepping up on defense and trying to put more pressure on the ball,
especially in the full court. I think it's going to be more of a faster paced
game and just a little more exciting than it has been in the past."

NMSU will run a more up-tempo offense to try and create more possessions,
especially during WAC play. And for Baker, he feels the new offense first his
game more, as well as the whole team's.

"Ever since I have been here, we have always wanted to play up-tempo," Baker
said. "And for whatever reason, we always played a little bit more slow. This
year, luckily we have a chance to play faster."

Baker and the rest of the Aggies have been working in the offseason adjusting to
the new offense since Weir was named head coach in late April. Weir said that
the new offense will be a challenge for Baker.

"I talk to him about it every day," Weir said. "We have had to watch a lot of
film of Michigan State and North Carolina because he's kind of used to playing
at a certain pace offensively since he got here that he's just not going to play
anymore. We have been working with him every day. We watched a lot of (Denzel)
Valentine and (Marcus) Page and trying to get him to play at a much faster
tempo. It's going to be a learning experience for all of us."

Baker tested the NBA Draft waters last spring before withdrawing his name to
return to Las Cruces for his senior season. The Washington, D.C., native said he
learned a lot by going through the NBA Draft process and worked on his overall
game, getting stronger and becoming more of a leader in the offseason.

"Ian is the captain and we are all behind Ian," NMSU junior guard Braxton
Huggins said. "Whatever he says goes and he's a leader on the floor. He's
pushing everybody, he's pushing everybody to be the best we can be and making
sure no one is slacking off. And that's what we need from our senior point
guard."

Last season, the Aggies averaged 71.3 points per game, which was fourth in the
WAC, but just 215th in the nation. The Aggies averaged 74.4 points per game in
conference games, tied for third in the league with Grand Canyon. However, NMSU
will need to find more scorers this season as Baker is the only returning player
who averaged in double figures at 13.8 points per game and shot 38.3 percent
from 3-point range last season. Huggins and Sidy Ndir had really good offseasons
and Huggins had a solid finish in 2015-16, averaging 11.3 points per game in the
final seven games of the year.

While informally it is Baker's team, Weir said formally it is all about the
team.

"That's all we keep hounding on is the team, the team, the team," Weir said. "I
really don't want to necessarily single out one guy over the other because we
are as strong as our weakest link. That was part of the reason why we went to
White Sands (last Monday). Just continuing to emphasize how important the team
is and not necessarily saying one person is more important than the other. But
informally, Ian is obviously probably our most talented player, our most
decorated player and our most senior player. We are going to rely on him."

Baker, who has increased his scoring every season at NMSU, enters the season
with 840 career points and should join the NMSU 1,000 Point Club in his senior
season as the Aggies look for the second straight WAC regular season title and
fifth NCAA Tournament appearance in the past seven seasons.

"I know I am the leader of the team, but anything that we accomplish this year
is going to be a team effort," Baker said. "As the leader of the team, I'm just
trying to make sure I lead my team in the right way and make sure we do things
the right way."

Mark Rudi can be reached at 575-541-5455, mrudi@lcsun-news.com or on Twitter
@mrudi19.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            August 5, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

SEC;
owns bragging rights over Big 12;
SEC owns;
bragging;
rights over;
Big 12

BYLINE: Berry Tramel The Oklahoman

SECTION: D:DAILY CAMERA; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 758 words


I n just over a month, the Oklahoma State-Georgia contest at Boone Pickens
Stadium in Stillwater offers a rich college football culture clash.

Midwest vs. Deep South. Upstart vs. old power. Orange vs. red.

None match the duel of offense vs. defense. Southeastern Conference has the
defense; Big 12 has the offense.

That's the college football stereotype as we near the end of the first decade of
the 21st century.

Trite. But true.

There are exceptions, but SEC teams do indeed play better defense. The Big 12
does indeed produce better offense. And on the biggest stage, defense wins.

The SEC has won three straight national titles and four of the last six. Two of
those SEC championships came at the expense of Oklahoma, which despite
juggernaut offenses and Heisman Trophy-winning quarterbacks lost 21-14 to LSU
and 24-14 to Florida.

The SEC has not otherwise dominated the Big 12. The SEC leads the Big 12 15-13
this decade in head-to-head matchups, and that's with the SEC yet to return
games on the back end of home-and-home series (Oklahoma State-Georgia,
Colorado-Georgia, Kansas State-Auburn).

Here's what's interesting. Divide those games into high-scoring and low-scoring,
and a clear trend develops.

In low-scoring games against the SEC, the Big 12 is 2-7. Cotton Bowl finals like
Alabama 13, Texas Tech 10 and Auburn 17, Nebraska 14.

But in high-scoring games against the SEC, the Big 12 is 7-4. Independence Bowl
scores like Oklahoma State 34, Alabama 31 and Missouri 38, South Carolina 31.

Big 12/SEC matchups have become like basketball, with tempo and style of play
important, whereby you could project who might win given the total number of
points scored.

Big 12 coaches are slow to admit the trend, though Oklahoma's Bob Stoops said,
"There could be something to that. They could overall have better defensive
personnel."

I don't think there's any question about that. There's also little doubt that
the Big 12 has had superior offenses. While SEC schools like Tennessee, Alabama
and Arkansas have struggled to find productive quarterbacks, the Big 12 has
mushroomed with big-time playmakers. Kansas State's Josh Freeman was a
first-round draft pick by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers last spring, the NFL's No. 17
overall selection, yet was not considered among the upper half of the Big 12's
quarterbacks.

"I know sometimes people pick on the defenses in our league because there's so
many offensive numbers," said Colorado coach Dan Hawkins. "But I just think it's
because of the great talent that's in our league, and then obviously spreading
people out. It's very difficult to defend."

That's a position Stoops claims, too.

"Look at the quality of quarterbacks, the skill level," Stoops said. "It's
easier to play better defense when you're not playing against great
quarterbacks. When that guy behind the center isn't special, it's always a
little easier."

Truth is, Big 12 defenses probably are underrated. Same as SEC offenses.
Oklahoma's defense in the Big Bowl against Florida last January was a prime
example; the Sooner D played well enough to win (though they did yield 480 total
yards).

Kansas State coach Bill Snyder returns to the league after a three-year hiatus.
He says the Big 12 has changed since he's been gone.

"Emphasis has certainly changed," Snyder said. "We're sitting in the capital of
change in regards to offensive football."

Texas Tech coach Mike Leach's spread passing. Oklahoma State's hurry-up offense.
The shotgun option, maybe not invented by Texas but certainly perfected and
popularized by the Longhorns, courtesy of Vince Young. The Big 12 has been among
the leaders of college football innovation this decade.

But SEC defenses, not Big 12 offenses, reign in college football. And it really
comes down to two games, those Oklahoma-LSU and Oklahoma-Florida showdowns.

Had the Sooners found a little more offense, had they not stalled on that late
drive in the Superdome and had they not been twice turned away at the Florida
goal line, check out how the conference landscape might differ.

The Big 12 would have four national titles this decade and the SEC two, instead
of vice versa. The Big 12 would lead the SEC 15-13 in head-to-head matchups.
Offense would rule the sport.

But reputations and status and titles are determined by a few solitary games.
LSU's defense stymied Jason White's rally. Florida turned back Sam Bradford's
Sooners.

Those were hard-won and well-earned victories, which allow the SEC to rightfully
claim that its defenses have made it the best conference in college football.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 29, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Gordon Forbes' 5-star guide: Bucs must throw ball vs. 'Skins

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 700 words


* * * * *

Tampa Bay at Washington: Bucs must open it up and get WR
Keyshawn Johnson more involved in offense or Redskins will control
game with forceful run defense, solid pass-run mix in Norv Turner's
changeup offense.  . . . Redskins' defense tougher than
numbers, playing matchup scheme using DB Matt Stevens, DT Nolan
Harrison, DE Kenard Lang and starting LB LaVar Arrington. . . . Redskins will
double-team DT Warren Sapp, take chances
with rushers Anthony McFarland, Marcus Jones.  . . . Could
be chess match of the year.

* * * *

Indianapolis at Buffalo: Bills held QB Peyton Manning to
season-low 163 passing yards last year in meaningless game, but
Manning now has more weapons and Colts have a nasty attitude after
second-half collapse vs. Raiders.  . . . Bills coming off
bye week and Colts off short week, meaning Buffalo coach Wade
Phillips could have something special in his defensive package.

New York Giants at Tennessee: Last week Giants appeared
to give up on their running game, which couldn't deliver on early
downs vs. Redskins.  . . . With QBs Steve McNair and Neil
O'Donnell hurting and thin WR corps, Titans could be forced into
grind-it-out attack from passing sets to control ball with RB
Eddie George.  . . . WRs Amani Toomer, Ike Hilliard have
to step up and keep drives alive, assuming Giants can keep DE
Jevon Kearse away from QB Kerry Collins.


* * *

Dallas at Carolina: Cowboys will rise and fall with up-and-down
offensive line.  . . . Panthers love to blitz and will
come after QB Troy Aikman, who has taken pounding in two starts.
 . . . Injury-riddled Panthers still competitive with QB
Steve Beuerlein's passing and DL's interesting seven-man rotation.

Minnesota at Detroit: Vikes don't scare anybody with their
defense, but their offense has enough firepower to grab an early
lead that would allow the young LBs to be turned loose.  .
. . Lions haven't found a running game, and QB Charlie Batch
sometimes forces ball into coverage, trying to carry offense.
 . . . Lions DB Kurt Schultz is in Pro Bowl form.

Atlanta at Philadelphia (Sunday night): Young Eagles can
turn it on when RB Duce Staley is hitting the lanes, QB Donovan
McNabb is taking what defense gives.  . . . Falcons secondary
riddled by Rams (four TD passes), but front four had its moments
on running downs.  . . . Falcons' OL might have a confidence
problem after giving up eight sacks.

Seattle at Kansas City (Monday night): QB Elvis Grbac silenced
critics with dramatic winning drive on road vs. Broncos, might
be headed for breakout season.  . . . Seahawks still seeking
an identity and big plays from a scattershot offense.

* *

Baltimore at Cleveland: Ravens think they can win the AFC
Central, assuming QB Tony Banks doesn't revert to old hold-the-ball
habit.  . . . Rookie RB Jamal Lewis gives Ravens more balance
in big-play offense.  . . . Browns learning on the job,
don't have enough speed or depth.

Chicago at Green Bay: Bears strictly hit-or-miss team that
has tried to live by the pass and offbeat formations.  . .
. Packers aren't up to dominating seasons of old, but QB Brett
Favre's arm feels better and running game finally shows life with
import RB Ahman Green.

Miami at Cincinnati: Win one for Dick LeBeau; that's the
rallying cry of the Bengals, who drove coach Bruce Coslet out
of his job with their drab play and now turn to LeBeau.  .
. . Miami defense, special teams under pressure, with the
offense playing cozy, low-scoring games.

New England at Denver: Patriots in 0-4 funk, with QB Drew
Bledsoe struggling without a go-to guy.  . . . Broncos
a beat-up team but still have enough playmakers to handle punchless
Pats.

Pittsburgh at Jacksonville: Jaguars, who have won five
in a row at home vs. Steelers, should be in angry mood after clunker
vs. Colts.  . . . Steelers seeking consistency at QB, RB,
and where have they been hiding WR Plaxico Burress?

*

Arizona at San Francisco: Cards, 49ers need more than new
stadiums.

San Diego at St. Louis: Time of the knockout: 12 minutes
of the first round.

Open dates: New Orleans, New York Jets, Oakland.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO, Color, Tom Strattman, AP

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 6, 2010 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Magazines drop ball on forecast;
OSU PREDICTIONS;
NO WAY POKES WILL FINISH LAST IN BIG 12 SOUTH

BYLINE: Jenni Carlson

SECTION: SPORTS; Jenni Carlson; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 799 words


Just when you thought your football team was starting to get some respect,
Cowboy fans, the preseason football magazines hit newsstands.

Oklahoma State is picked to finish last in the Big 12 South in not one but two
of the publications.

This is the time of year, of course, for predictions and prognostications. A
month from today, teams will have reported for practice. Two months from today,
games will have been played. Right now, college football predictions are as
popular as Justin Bieber.

Some of them are just as baffling as the teen singer's fame, too.

That's definitely the case with these gloom-and-doom predictions about OSU. Phil
Steele and The Sporting News picked the Cowboys to finish at the bottom of the
Big 12 South.

This is a program coming off a nine-win season and fourth consecutive bowl
appearance. No way the Cowboys finish last in the division. No way they take
such a major step back.

And it's not necessarily for the reason everyone thinks.

All eyes have been on the Cowboy offense, and for good reason. It has a new
coordinator in Dana Holgorsen and a new quarterback in Brandon Weeden. That has
led to plenty of legitimate questions.

Will Holgorsen's pass-happy playbook work? Will Weeden be able to go from
reserve to starter? Will he be able to learn the new scheme quickly enough? Will
the rest of the offense?

My answer to all those question - yes.

Now, I'm not saying that there will be no bumps along the road. There will be.
Still, Holgorsen has been able to implement his offense at Texas Tech and
Houston; I have to think if those two schools had the athletes to run his
scheme, OSU will, too.

What's more, the Cowboys will have a chance to work out the kinks with their
early-season schedule. Their first four games are at home against Washington
State, Troy, Tulsa and Texas A&M.

Their combined record a year ago: 21-29.

What's more, those four foes accounted for only three victories against BCS
conference opponents last season. Texas A&M notched all of them by roughing up
Texas Tech, Iowa State and Baylor.

Throw in a road game at Louisiana-Lafayette, and here's guessing that OSU will
have a chance to build some serious momentum coming out of its first five games.

That will give this new Cowboy offense a big shot of confidence heading into the
heart of conference play.

But while the non-conference schedule and the improving offense will be what
propels the Cowboys early, it will be the defense that sustains them throughout
the season.

It will also be the reason they don't finish last in the South Division.

Last we saw the Cowboys, the OSU defense was standing toe-to-toe with Ole Miss
in the Cotton Bowl. The Rebels had mountain-sized linemen and lightning-quick
backs and receivers, which are hallmarks of an SEC offense.

But the Cowboy defense allowed just two touchdowns from Dexter McCluster, a long
burst early and a short run late when the OSU offense committed one turnover
after another.

After another.

After another.

If an offense commits six turnovers in a quarter, any defense is bound to wear
down. Consider it an accomplishment that the Cowboy defense surrendered just one
touchdown.

Some of the biggest defensive stars of that day were underclassmen. Markelle
Martin is back. So are Ugo Chinasa and Jamie Blatnick, not to mention Orie
Lemon, who was slated to start at linebacker before tearing his knee and missing
the entire season.

Granted, the Cowboys have lost the likes of Perrish Cox, Andre Sexton and Donald
Booker. Those will be tough shoes to fill, yet replacing those defensive leaders
doesn't seem quite as daunting as it once did.

The reason?

Up-and-comers like Brodrick Brown.

The redshirt freshman was a relative unknown a year ago. He played in the first
six games of the season, mostly on special teams, before being sidelined by
injury.

Then, Perrish Cox stayed out a little too late in Dallas, and Brown was chosen
to replace him in the secondary and named the starter for the Cotton Bowl.

What seemed a recipe for disaster turned out to be anything but. Brown held his
own, making a few tackles and even breaking up a pass. It was just one more
example of the continuing upgrades that the Cowboy defense has made in talent
and in depth.

Remember, too, last season was the first under defensive coordinator Bill Young.
Everyone was learning and adjusting.

This season, some of that guesswork will be gone.

So, where does all of this leave the Cowboys?

They aren't in as good a place heading into this season as they were a year ago.
Then again, that squad held as much promise as any in recent OSU history.

Still, Cowboy fans, take heart. Your team isn't in as bad a place as some of the
preseason magazines would have you believe.

Worst-case scenario, OSU wins seven games and finishes fourth in the South.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           December 19, 2009 Saturday
                             First Replate Edition

Bulldogs triangle takes shape;
Fox learned the triangle offense from its inventor while at Kansas State.

BYLINE: Andy Johnston; For the AJC

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1254 words


ATHENS

Sometimes, Dustin Ware will turn on his TV, find a Lakers game and just sit and
watch.

He'll stare at the screen and nod as the defending NBA champs run their offense,
and he'll study the players' movements as they read the defense and react
appropriately, putting themselves in position for an easy basket.

As a young basketball player who is relatively new to the triangle offense and
first-year Georgia coach Mark Fox's version of it, there's nothing like learning
from the best.

"I'll catch Kobe [Bryant] and Derek Fisher doing something that me and [Georgia
teammate] Travis [Leslie] are doing," said Ware, a sophomore guard. "We'll catch
certain things and see that's just another variation they run. There'll be a lot
of little things we'll pick up and stuff like that."

Ware and the rest of the Bulldogs are gradually learning the triangle, an
offense created more than 60 years ago that remains in vogue thanks to a
longtime NBA assistant named Tex Winter who taught it to the Chicago Bulls in
the early 1990s and the Lakers later that decade.

Those teams have won 10 of the past 19 NBA titles, dominating the league as
Michael Jordan and Bryant and their supporting players flourished in the
triangle.

"Kobe and Jordan cover a lot of sins, but it's an equal-opportunity offense,"
said Mark Slonaker, who ran the triangle for nine of his 11 seasons as coach at
Mercer and is now the analyst on Georgia's radio broadcasts. "When the kids come
down the floor and make the right reads and right decisions and execute, any one
of them at any time can score. It does lead you to a balanced attack, and it
makes it tough for the other team to scout you."

Fox grew interested in the offense as an assistant at Washington from 1991 to
1993 and immersed himself in it when he took an assistant coaching job at Kansas
State in 1994. Winter had coached at both schools in previous decades and still
owned a home in Manhattan, Kan., so Fox began meeting with Winter and learning
from the man who literally wrote the book on the offense.

Winter's "The Triple-Post Offense" was originally published in 1962 and is a
must-have for any coach interested in the offense. Both Fox and Slonaker have
well-worn copies.

"[Winter] was with the Bulls at the time, but he was always real generous with
his time and I got to know him through his trips back to Manhattan," Fox said.
"I'd study the offense and got to learn it from its inventor.

"When I was at Nevada, he'd make trips to Reno and I'd be nervous sitting there
watching tape with him. I'd hit the play button and show him how we changed
something as opposed to how he did it. And he was always supportive of the
wrinkles we'd implemented. He was generous to me. I'm forever grateful to him."

Winter, who is 87, suffered a stroke on April 25 and has struggled to regain his
speech. He was at the Lakers' opener on Oct. 27, but otherwise he lives in an
assisted-living facility in Oregon.

With Winter's encouragement, Fox began to tinker with the triangle at Nevada,
where he was the coach from 2004 to last spring, when he was hired to replace
Dennis Felton at Georgia. Fox's teams dominated the Western Athletic Conference,
winning three titles, tying for another one and making three NCAA tournament
appearances in five seasons, thanks in part to the triangle.

He brought the offense with him to Georgia, where he began teaching it to a team
with only three seniors. Fox, Slonaker and ESPN analyst Fran Fraschilla, a
former coach at Manhattan, St. John's and New Mexico, all agree that it will
take time for the Bulldogs to fully grasp the offense, which is based on reads
and reacting and trusting teammates to make the same reads. It also requires
players to make instant decisions and be precise in their spacing.

"It's not natural, so there's a learning curve," Georgia sophomore forward Trey
Thompkins said. "There's a lot of trust involved, and we have to know how to
read the defense and know where to go. There's a learning curve because of all
the different options off of it. It's going to take time to master."

The triangle takes its name from how players set up as the offense is initiated.

A guard will pass the ball to a wing on either side of the court, and those two
players, along with a player in the low post, will form a triangle based on
where they're standing.

The wing will then decide how to distribute the ball, according to strengths and
weaknesses of the defense, but Slonaker said he liked his first option to be the
post.

"That first pass will trigger all the action," he said.

If the post player is covered or doubled, the wing will pass the ball depending
on who is open. Those options usually include a guard in the corner, the trail
guard and a forward/wing who might be flashing into the lane.

If a team runs the offense and exhausts the options, it can reset the triangle
and try again.

"The triangle is structured motion," Fraschilla said. "Instead of freelancing or
a motion offense, the coach has more control of where his players move on the
court, but it still allows the freedom to read and react to how the defense
plays you. It relies more on the trust of players to know how to read the
defense and knowing where to go."

Ware said: "It's not exactly freelance. It lets guys play ball, but within a set
of rules."

And while wing players such as Jordan and Bryant are triangle anomalies, the
right triangle promotes a balanced attack. Slonaker said he had wings, post
players and guards lead his teams in scoring.

That's held true at Georgia this season. Thompkins (post), Leslie (wing), Ware
(guard) and Ricky McPhee (guard) each led the Bulldogs in scoring in their first
four games. Only Thompkins has led the team in scoring more than twice this
season.

"It provides a lot of different places to score," Fox said. "We're finding
scoring opportunities, but we're not as proficient as we'd like to be. We don't
have the firepower that ideally we want to possess."

Fox continues to ease his players into his triangle hybrid. He will use a
mixture of set plays and the triangle as the Bulldogs become more comfortable
with the offense.

The players are confident their proficiency will rise as the season progresses,
and Ware thinks they'll have a firm grasp of it by late January or early
February.

"As we become more accustomed to it, we're starting to find more seams and
cracks in the defense where we can find easy buckets, instead of running all of
our offense," Thompkins said. "We're getting better at it. I think we're going
to be able to become a great team with this offense."

Two sides to the triangle offense

Pros

Balanced attack

Read and react

Few set plays

Cons

Learning curve is steep

Requires precise timing

Can become stagnant

Next for UGA

Illinois (8-2) vs. Georgia (4-4)

When, where: 7 p.m. Saturday, The Arena at Gwinnett Center

TV, radio: ESPNU, Georgia Radio Network

Leading scorers: Illinois G Demetri McCamey (13.5 ppg); Georgia F Trey Thompkins
(14.3)

What to watch

Georgia has never defeated Illinois, with the Illini holding a 5-0 record
against the Bulldogs.

Georgia G Vincent Williams (unspecified) and Thompkins (wisdom tooth) missed
practice time this week with injuries, but both should play Saturday.

At 6-foot-10, Thompkins is tied for the team lead in free-throw percentage at
82.8 percent (24-for-29) and is 6-for-12 on 3-point attempts.

All five Illini starters are in double figures, averaging between 13.5 and 10.9
points.

Illinois has scored at least 70 points and had at least 15 assists in each of
its eight wins.

Andy Johnston, for the AJC

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 4, 2016 Friday
                                  Home Edition

NBA;
Clippers struggling to fix their offense

BYLINE: Broderick Turner

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part D; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE:  MEMPHIS


They claimed not to be worried about an offense that has been mostly disjointed
through four games.

They maintained that the shots they are missing at an alarmingly high rate will
start to fall.

They said they have talked about how to fix their problems so that they can
return to their efficient offensive ways of past seasons.

After another "frustrating night" of inept offense against the Oklahoma City
Thunder on Wednesday night at Staples Center, the Clippers said they can and
will repair their offense.

"We've missed shots that I think we'll make eventually," Coach Doc Rivers said
in the aftermath of an 85-83 Clippers loss. "I'm not worried about that. I don't
like our pace at times. I thought [Wednesday night] we went back to that slow
down, walk the ball up, start your offense late. That's not what we want to do
either. But, um, no, I'm not that concerned."

Only once have the Clippers made as many as 50% of their shots, and that was
against the Phoenix Suns.

Otherwise, they have missed shot after shot after shot.

They made 39.1% against the Thunder, 41% against the Utah Jazz and 40.7% against
the Portland Trail Blazers.

They've made only 42.4% of their shots overall, ranking them 24th in the NBA in
field-goal percentage.

"Me and Doc just talked about it," Chris Paul noted Wednesday after the
Clippers' first loss.

"In actuality, our second unit offense has been really good. Our [first] unit,
the one that's usually clicking on all cylinders, I know that that can be fixed.
So that's why I'm optimistic. I'm actually more excited about our defense and
how well we've been playing defense. The offense is something where we've got a
ton of scorers. We'll figure it out."

The Clippers are averaging only 100.3 points a game, 22nd in the NBA.

In the last three seasons, the Clippers were among the most efficient offensive
teams in the NBA, ranking sixth in offensive efficiency last season and first in
the previous two.

This season, they rank 23rd.

"We've just got to get the timing in and play with a better pace," Paul said.
"It's a lot of stuff that I could say that you [reporters] might not understand.
We've got to figure it out."

Blake Griffin said that he and Paul discussed the team's offensive woes after
Wednesday's loss.

"He said if offense is the thing that we're worried about then we're in good
shape," Griffin said. "Every year I think for the past four or five years, we've
probably been in the top three in offensive efficiency.

"So, it's not something that's impossible to correct. I think it'll come. But it
needs to come sooner rather than later."

Is it puzzling that their offense is out of sorts?

"A little bit," Griffin said. "Some of it is just missing shots. I think we're
missing the easy shots."

--

broderick.turner@latimes.com

Twitter: @BA_Turner

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Flagler County News of Record

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 655  words


NEWS OF RECORD

COUNTY JAIL DOCKET

Travis Ash, 34, Palm Coast, possession of cocaine with intent to sell; Frederick
Clark Jr., 46, Flagler Beach, violation of probation felony offense; Elora
Crumbley, 21, Palm Coast, contempt of court; Savannah Deangelis, 21, Palm Coast,
driving with a suspended license with knowledge, possession of drug
paraphernalia, introduction of contraband into a detention facility, possession
of a controlled substance without a prescription (3); Albert Dobrowolski, 33,
Port Orange, returned for court; Kyle Eyrich, 87, Palm Coast, domestic battery
by strangulation, battery; Eric Felder, 19, Palm Coast, interference with
custody (2), resisting arrest without violence; Gary Greenwald Jr., 28, Palm
Coast, driving with a suspended license with knowledge; Larkland Harris Jr., 42,
Palm Coast, aggravated battery with a deadly weapon (2), violation of probation
misdemeanor offense (2); Michael Kampbell, 52, Bunnell, sentenced to Department
of Corrections in court; Shawn Olique, 28, Lexington, Ky., burglary of an
occupied dwelling-second degree, grand theft auto; John Potts Jr., 55, Canton,
Ga., violation of probation felony offense; Bradley Pyles, 27, Cincinnati, Ohio,
burglary of an occupied dwelling- second degree, grand theft auto; Peter
Scherer, 51, Palm Coast, failure to appear felony offense; George Warren, 60,
Daytona Beach, serving sentence for court.

SUITS

Nationstar Mortgage LLC v. Lawrence Madama Jr., real property. Bank of New York
Mellon v. Laurice and Stacy Bartley, real property. BAC Home Loans Servicing LP
v. Anthony Glover, real property. Bank of New York Melon v. Alfredo and Madeline
Serrano, real property. Conservatory Property Owners Association Inc. v. Hammock
Investment Group Inc. (403 Bourganville Drive), real property. Conservatory
Property Owners Association Inc. v. Hammock Investment Group Inc. (808 Loblolly
Court), real property. Nationstar Mortgage LLC v. Gregory Ramputi Jr., real
property. Deutsche Bank National Trust Co. v. Lema Jamison, real property.
Christiana Trust v. Keith Elliott Jr., real property. Green Tree Servicing LLC
v. Homero Alvarez Jr., real property.

LIENS

Surf Club II Condominium Association Inc. v. Chris Mohr, $2,240. Roofmax Corp.
v. Lula Mae Williams, $1,840. Cemex Construction Materials Florida LLC v. Sandra
Chappell, $1,676. City of Palm Coast v.: Ramona Harris, $564; Tatyana
Dovnarovich, $553; Kevin O'Brien, $580; Beneficial Florida Inc., $579; Stephen
Cook, $564. Roofmax Corp. v. Cathline Reid, $4,423.

TAX LIENS

Internal Revenue Service v.: Christopher Dean, $426,418; Ronald Matney, $5,303.

MARRIAGES

James Vinnicombe and Marina Rocha, both of Palm Coast. Audrey Mefford and Erwin
Hawley, both of Palm Coast. Selenes Mendoza and Alejandro Feliipe, both of Palm
Coast. Maurice Vickers and Kimberly White, both of Bunnell. Monica Lewis and
Jerry Jones Jr., both of Palm Coast. James Durso and Monique Veroline, both of
Palm Coast. Kelly O'Shell and Laura Hilts, both of Palm Coast. James Winter and
Kathleen Easley, both of DeLand. Devin Romero and Lillian Veras, both of Palm
Coast. Piotr Fornal and Katarzyna Zawicka, both of Palm Coast. Justin Vanadore
and Sarah Swaney, both of Palm Coast. Heather Emens and John Filippelli, both of
Palm Coast. Christine Lewis and William Rosales Jr., both of Warner Robins, Ga.

DISSOLUTIONS

Marsha v. Albert Edelstein. Patrick v. Christina Virgile. Jessica v. Travis
Thomas. Deanna v. Robert Eichinger. Steven v. Kovee Clair. Kevin v. Dana Nelson.
Samuel Weaver v. Maida McCabe. Dalene v. William Pedersen.

BIRTHS

COULTER: Tuesday Coulter, Bunnell, is the mother of a son weighing 8 pounds, 15
ounces, born at 3:10 a.m. Aug. 6, 2015, at Halifax Health Medical Center,
Daytona Beach.

HARPER/ALBRECHT: Kyle Harper and Melissa Albrecht, Palm Coast, are the parents
of a daughter weighing 6 pounds, 7 ounces, born at 9:14 a.m. Aug. 28, 2015, at
Florida Hospital Memorial Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2015 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2015 News-Journal Corporation


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    September 9, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Kelly calls for true no-huddle

BYLINE: Sal Maiorana, Gannett Rochester Newspapers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: ORCHARD PARK, N.Y.


As far as Jim Kelly is concerned, the Buffalo Bills should either run the
no-huddle at a breakneck pace, or go back to a more conventional offense.

Coming off a game where they scored only three points, rushed for a meager 43
yards and Kelly was bounced around like a pinball when he tried to pass, the
Bills offense is in need of some refinement, and Kelly is the first to say so.

"In our old offense, we got up to the line of scrimmage and went with the play
that was called," he says. "(Now) It's almost more of a go up to the line of
scrimmage, look and see what's the best play and make sure you get into that
play. It's not really a hurry-up offense.

"I think we're best-suited for hurry-up, get the play called, get it run and go
from there."

In their 23-3 loss to the New York Jets, the Bills did not huddle, but took
their time at the line calling plays. That gave the Jets a chance to regroup and
think about their defensive calls.

Slowing down the no-huddle defeats its purpose - catching the defense in bad
alignments.

"We talked about it before, and if we're going to go back to the offense where
I'm going to be reading a lot of what the defense does, it's probably better to
huddle up than to go in the no-huddle because we aren't doing anything but
hurting ourselves," says Kelly.

At its peak in 1991, the no-huddle offense was virtually unstoppable. The Bills
set team records for points (458), first downs (359), passing yards (3,871) and
total yards (6,252).

Since then, the numbers have steadily dropped. Last year, the Bills scored only
329 points, failed to top 2,000 yards rushing (1,943) for the first time since
1987 and had their lowest total offensive output (5,260 yards) since '87.

Kelly hinted that the Bills might try to run the no-huddle the way it was
designed to be run Sunday at New England.

"Maybe we'll change up and go to the fast pace again and see what happens," he
says.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 11, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

NFL Report Super offense is overrated

BYLINE: Mike Klis

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F-09

LENGTH: 779 words


To a man, the Broncos say they aren't satisfied with 4-0. Their fans aren't
either. The people want more offense. They want more from their quarterback,
Kyle Orton.

Cries for more contradict evidence that says the Broncos have plenty of both.

As the NFL moves further into the 21st century, consider this: Seven of the past
nine Super Bowl champions finished 15th or worse in total offense.

The 4-0 Broncos rank ninth in total offense.

To repeat, seven of nine champs had mediocre or worse offenses. The exceptions
were Peyton Manning and the 2006 Indianapolis Colts and the 2004 New

England Patriots whose quarterback, Tom Brady, had increasingly evolved from
game-manager to game-winner.

This statistical trend suggests that unless a team has a Hall of Fame
quarterback, great offenses don't usually win championships - offenses that
complement great defenses do.

"People are making a lot of our defense right now," said Broncos coach Josh
McDaniels. "But we haven't won as a one-sided monster. You don't win late in the
year unless you're playing well as a group. We've seen too much evidence of
this. A team will have a phenomenal offense, not really a phenomenal defense,
they get in the playoffs and one team has figured them out, shuts them down
offensively, and they're out of the playoffs."

See Dan Fouts' Chargers and Dan Marino's Dolphins of the 1980s. See Manning's
Colts in all but one season in the 2000s.

Not surprisingly, a formula equating ultimate success with average offense does
have its skeptics.

"That stat makes me sick," said Jon Gruden, an ESPN analyst on "Monday Night
Football" who won it all in 2002 as coach of the Tampa Bay Bucs. "When you say
you're the 17th- or 18th-ranked

offense, what are you saying we're rated in, yards?"

Yes.

"Yards mean nothing in terms of winning," Gruden said. "A lot of these teams, if
you win 12 or 13 games, you probably have the lead in the fourth quarter, you're
probably running the ball just trying to beat the clock and get the heck out of
there. A lot of these teams that are in the top 10 are terrible offensively. All
they're doing is getting garbage yards when they're behind."

Indeed, nine of the past nine Super Bowl champs ranked higher in points than
total offense.

This is where the people have a beef about the 2009 Broncos - the team is ninth
in total offense and 19th in points.

Then again, former Broncos coach Mike Shanahan has said he understands why yards
are considered the truest measure of offensive efficiency. Offensive scoring
includes touchdowns by the defense and special teams. An offense that goes 80
yards for a score requires more doing than one set up on the opponent's 30
through a turnover.

So why are so many Super Bowl champs average or worse in total offense?

Perhaps it's more important for an offense to serve as a complement to a great
defense. In theory, high-scoring offenses are more prone to turnovers and less
about time of possession.

"I'm sure that's one of the things that worried Josh about (Jay) Cutler," said
former Broncos coach Dan Reeves. "One thing Kyle Orton has always done is
protect the football."

Eight of the nine Super Bowl champs had a positive turnover margin (the 2007
Giants were the exception). Orton's next turnover will be his first.

The four most defensive-dominant Super Bowl champs of the 21st century - the
2000 Ravens, the 2002 Bucs, the 2005 and 2008 Steelers - all had low-risk,
ball-control offenses.

A defense never plays poorly when its offense has the ball.

``You can take stats and get them to mean what you want,'' Reeves said. ``But
what is always true is good defense and don't beat yourselves. Those things have
worked for years.'' Mike Klis covers the NFL. Contact: 303-954-1055 or
mklis@denverpost.com --------- No denying defense matters

NFL offensive rankings of Super Bowl champions, beginning with the 2000 season:

Season....Team....Yards....Points....

2008....Steelers....22nd....20th....

2007....Giants....16th....14th....

2006....Colts....3rd....2nd....

2005....Steelers....15th....9th....

2004....Patriots....7th....4th....

2003....Patriots....17th....12th....

2002....Buccaneers....24th....18th....

2001....Patriots....19th....6th....

2000....Ravens....16th....14th.... --------------- THREE UP

1. Jaguars: Mike Sims-Walker might be first go-to receiver since Jimmy Smith.

2. Patriots: Beat tough Atlanta and Baltimore teams in back-to-back weeks.

3. Bears: Cutler believes he has stronger helicopter than Elway.

THREE DOWN

1. Seahawks: RB Julius Jones: 215 yards in 2 home games; 36 yards in 2 road
games.

2. Packers: Aaron Rodgers too mobile to be taking so many sacks (NFL-high 20).

3. Chargers: Shawne Merriman's next sack will be his first since 2007.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 27, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Terrapins Find an Offense as Heffner Finds His Calling

Ken Denlinger , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 710 words



Maryland's offense begins with tailback LaMont Jordan and the imagination of
five assistant coaches. Jordan offers the rare combination of strength and speed
that often causes defenses to send too many players his way--and offensive
coordinator Bob Heffner and his staff make them pay.

"We've tried to work real hard on using plays that aren't the natural call,"
Heffner said. "Like throwing the ball on first down or running on third down."

In the Atlantic Coast Conference this season, it's no embarrassment to be third
in total offense. That is where the Terrapins (5-2) find themselves, behind
Florida State and Georgia Tech, teams ranked No. 1 and No. 7, respectively, by
the Associated Press. In the conference's total offense rankings, the Joe
Hamilton-led Yellow Jackets (516 yards per game) are ahead of Florida State
(434) and the Terrapins (394).

With Jordan averaging 122.1 yards in seven games, the offense is No. 2 in the
conference in rushing, behind Georgia Tech. The Terrapins--who can clinch a
winning season and put themselves in contention for a bowl bid by beating Duke
Saturday in Byrd Stadium--also lead the nation in kickoff returns and turnover
margin.

Still, the offense has shown a remarkable turnaround. Last season, the Terrapins
scored more than 20 points four times. This season they have scored at least 30
in five games, frequently with pizzazz. Jordan has thrown a touchdown pass. Wide
receiver Doug Patterson had a 29-yard completion against Georgia Tech. There
have been assorted reverses.

But the major difference, Heffner said, has been quarterback Calvin McCall. The
redshirt freshman does not have gaudy stats. He is fourth in total offense in
the ACC and fifth in passing efficiency, and no Maryland receiver is ranked
among the top 10 in the league. Only coaches appreciate how much McCall has
improved.

"We're able to do a lot more [changing plays at the line of scrimmage] with
him," Heffner said. "He's done a good job of putting us in the right play. There
have been fewer situations where we've run a bad play into a bad defense."

Heffner and his aides have tried to keep McCall's decisions as simple as
possible, although the process seems much too complex to come off in the
allotted 25 seconds between each play.

Heffner makes his calls from the coaches's box high in the stadium instead of on
the sideline, as most coordinators do. The view is better, he said, and emotions
are less likely to overrule sound tactics. Wide receivers coach Mike Gundy is at
Heffner's side.

On the sideline communicating with Heffner through headsets are quarterbacks
coach Craig Johnson, running backs coach Mike Locksley and Elliot Uzelac, who
shares coaching the offensive line with Heffner.

Johnson sends each play in with a wide receiver. Locksley sends in the personnel
groupings, two running backs, two wide receivers and a tight end on one play,
two tight ends on another and three wide receivers on yet another. Uzelac
determines the run and pass-protection adjustments.

"Most of it is fairly natural," Heffner said. "It also helps that everybody,
other than Mike, has been a coordinator--and Mike might be smarter than all of
us."

Heffner makes certain the others get credit for suggestions that have worked.
Uzelac was behind the short touchdown pass to tight end Eric James that put the
West Virginia game out of reach. Gundy kept pushing for the two reverses by wide
receiver Jermaine Arrington that gained 28 yards against North Carolina.

Coach Ron Vanderlinden said Heffner was the only assistant he did not know when
he assembled his staff in 1997. Heffner was hired to coach tight ends and
tackles, which he still does, with Uzelac handling guards and centers. Heffner
impressed Vanderlinden with how quickly he countered adjustments defenses made,
and that is one reason Heffner was moved into the coordinator role Johnson held
for two years.

"Coach Hef wants us to be physical, to establish the run," guard Jamie Wu said.
"But he also wants to keep defenses on their toes. If they're waiting for a
halfback pass or reverse, it makes it easier for us to block. And it's nice he
has enough confidence in us [on third and relatively long yardage] to call a
run."


LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 22, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

Waiting for long passes? Wait just a little longer;
The Vikings will throw deep when defenses allow them.

BYLINE: JUDD ZULGAD, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 683 words


Winter Park wasn't a very happy place at this time a year ago.

The Vikings had just blown a 15-point second-half lead to Indianapolis in their
home opener to drop their record to 0-2. Coach Brad Childress, fearful of seeing
the season slip away, replaced Tarvaris Jackson with Gus Frerotte in hopes the
veteran quarterback could get his team out of its funk.

Perhaps it was those memories that enabled Childress to poke some lighthearted
fun Monday at the fact that after season-opening road victories against
Cleveland and Detroit, there are still those unsatisfied with how the Vikings
are going about their business. Even if the end result is a victory.

"I know just from reading the clips there's a clamoring for the throws
downfield," Childress said, referring to the articles he read a day after his
team's 27-13 victory against the Lions. "There's a taste for it right now.
There's an appetite for it."

While Childress was mostly poking fun at the media, he is right about one thing.
Brett Favre might be 2-0 as the Vikings quarterback. He might have the NFL's
best completion percentage (77.1) through Sunday, be tied for first in fewest
interceptions (none) and second in passer rating (110.2). But many are wondering
when the veteran who holds so many NFL passing records is finally going to air
it out.

Favre's 265 yards passing place him 30th among quarterbacks and the Vikings
passing offense is 32nd and last in the NFL, averaging 119 yards. Wide receiver
Bernard Berrian averaged an NFL-leading 20.1 yards per catch in 2008. On Sunday,
he caught six passes for an average of 7.7 yards.

Nonetheless, Berrian had no complaints. "I'm not clamoring for anything. I let
them call the plays," he said Monday. "I run what they call. No arguments from
me."

The reality is even if Favre does begin to go deep on occasion, that will be the
exception and not the rule for this team. It has been well established by
everyone, including Favre, that Adrian Peterson needs to be the focal point of
the offense. A Pro Bowl selection in his first two seasons and the NFL's leading
rusher last year, Peterson is again atop the league stats with 272 yards on 40
carries with four touchdowns.

Childress said Monday that Favre is playing within the confines of the offense,
adding, "if it is confining, if that's the right word." By its nature, the West
Coast system -- an offense that Favre spent 16 seasons running in Green Bay --
is a quick-hitting offense that runs in part on short, quick-rhythm passes.

Childress, though, made it clear the offense does have the potential to go deep
... at times.

"If you could describe (the West Coast offense), it would be a high-completion
percentage, low-interception percentage (system)," he said. "And it is typically
a run-after-the-catch offense. It used to be termed extended handoff and
extended sweep. ... You're typically looking to see, are they going to give you
something up the field? And then you are bringing it down to the intermediate
check down."

The common refrain from those outside Winter Park is that the Vikings can get
away with short passes and relying on the ground game against second-tier teams
such as Detroit and Cleveland, but eventually they are going to face top
defenses that will put eight or nine men near the line of scrimmage to stop
Peterson and not worry about the pass.

Unless ... Favre gives them something to worry about. So far, part of the
blueprint against Favre has been sending numerous blitzes at him to capitalize
on his unfamiliarity with many of his teammates. Favre's next test will come
Sunday against 2-0 San Francisco, which uses a 3-4 defense.

The 49ers defense is ranked seventh in the NFL but has been better against the
run (53 yards per game) than the pass (238).

Considering where things stood a year ago, Childress isn't about to let the lack
of deep throws get to him. "(Favre) is playing the way we need him to play to
win," Childress said. "Are we looking for balls up the field? We are ... we just
haven't had that many yet."

VIKINGS WEEK 3

Home opener: Noon Sunday vs. San Francisco - TV: Ch. 9 (1130-AM, 100.3-FM)

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 2, 2008 Saturday
                                 Online Edition

MARK BRADLEY;
Johnson will be successful at Tech

BYLINE: MARK BRADLEY; Staff

LENGTH: 587 words


Saturday, August 2, 2008, 06:51 PM

Paul Johnson smiled as he spoke, but only once or twice and not for long.
Regarding his stylized offense and the incessant questioning thereof, he said,
"It's past the point of being anything other than amusing."

Johnson has been a head coach for 11 seasons. He has been running the same
offense --- the Georgia Tech press guide calls it an "option-based spread" ---
even longer. He has won 73.3 percent of his games using the thing, so what do
you expect him to say? That his offense doesn't and won't function when every
shred of statistical evidence suggests it can and does?

"As soon as we lose a game," Johnson said Saturday, speaking at Tech's media
day, "[the offense] is going to be [seen as] the reason we lost."

Then: "If you don't execute and you put the ball on the ground, it doesn't work.
But you can look back on last year [when Tech played under Chan Gailey, who was
fired] and say the pro-style offense doesn't work, either."

Yes, Johnson is more than a bit sensitive. You'd be, too. You create an offense
and win big with it at two places where winning is more a function of creative
coaching than of five-star recruits, and still there are those who insist his
system will go broke in the ACC.

Johnson: "What division are we in, the NFC East? At the Naval Academy we played
Maryland and Wake Forest and Duke and Rutgers and Notre Dame and Boston College
and Pitt --- it's not like those schools are in some different division than we
are. Duke has lost a lot of games using a pro-style offense, so does that mean
it doesn't work --- or that it just didn't work at Duke? Virginia Tech won our
league using the same offense we run."

For all the peripheral talk of limitations and liabilities, the proper focus at
Tech should be on opportunity. The ACC is in such flux that Wake Forest now
seems a sounder program than Miami or Florida State, and that's an indication of
what one splendid coach can do. Johnson is a splendid coach who has access to
resources foreign to him at Georgia Southern and Navy. Here he'll have both big
linemen and speed. Here he'll be able to run his stylized offense at an even
higher level.

"People say [the opponents] will have too much speed," Johnson said. "We ran
this offense for six years at the Naval Academy, and I can promise you our kids
here are faster than those were."

For all the success enjoyed by West Virginia and Virginia Tech and other
converts to the spread option, nobody knows more about its workings than
Johnson. He invented it 24 years ago when working as an offensive coordinator
under Erk Russell at Georgia Southern, and those Eagles won two Division I-AA
championships. (Upon returning to GSU as head coach in the '90s, Johnson would
win two more.)

"I've never had much skepticism," said Johnson, speaking of his offense. "If I
had, I wouldn't do it."

It will take a while for Tech fans to grow accustomed to the new look, but
that's part of the system's beauty. It's exponentially harder for an opponent to
prepare for the exotic. (Ask Georgia about Troy, which gained 145 more yards
against the Bulldogs last year than Florida and Tim Tebow had the week before.)

"In my mind, it's been proved that this offense will work," said Johnson, and
not just in his mind but, over the past quarter-century, on various fields of
play. Soon enough, it will work at Tech. It will work because Paul Johnson will
make it work.

http://www.ajc.com/blogs/content/shared-blogs/ajc/bradley/entries/2008/08/02/joh
nson_will_be_successful_at.html

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

Defense dominates offense in Stanford scrimmage

BYLINE: By john reid Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 819 words


Former Stanford star quarterback John Elway was in the area this weekend for the
Denver Broncos' exhibition game with the San Francisco 49ers. Elway, the
Broncos' GM, brought along a few of his scouts to watch the Cardinal scrimmage
at Elliott Field on Saturday.

Most of the note-taking had to be on the defensive side. The Stanford offense
struggled to move the football. Starting quarterback Kevin Hogan threw some nice
balls, including a perfect fade pattern to wide receiver Devon Cajuste for a
23-yard touchdown.

Offensive playmakers Ty Montgomery, Kelsey Young and Remound Wright did not
participate because of a variety of reasons, nor did starting right tackle Kyle
Murphy.

That hindered the offense, which could never break any long gainers on the
ground, mainly because of a dearth of holes to run through. Barry Sanders and
Ricky Seale did most of the ball carrying, while true freshman Christian
McCaffrey displayed his wares for the first time in front of several hundred
Stanford fans.

The defense came up with four interceptions, one a pick on a ball that was
tipped by true freshman cornerback Terrence Alexander. Out of John Curtis
Christian in River Ridge, La. -- a suburb of New Orleans -- Alexander played
extremely well, making a statement he doesn't want to redshirt this season.

Two interceptions were on successive plays, one by corner Ra'Chard Pippens, who
cut in front of a receiver to snag a ball thrown by Hogan. On the next snap,
linebacker A.J. Tarpley intercepted backup Evan Crower, taking it into the end
zone for a score.

"I just happened to see the tight end run the route," Tarpley said. "I got a
good break on it. I feel like being quick and breaking on a throw are my strong
suits."

Palo Alto High grad Keller Chryst, who got some late reps as a true freshman
quarterback, was picked off on the final play by Brandon Simmons, a true
freshman corner from Timberview High in Arlington, Texas. On an earlier play,
Chryst showed his arm strength, throwing the ball some 55 yards, though
overthrowing wide receiver Francis Owusu.

"We played well," Tarpley said. "Domination is hard to categorize. The offense
had a lot of guys who were out. They're going to be better. They'll come out
vengeful against us the next time."

Hogan's longest completed pass was a 48-yarder to Michael Rector, who did a good
job of coming back to the ball. The Cardinal also did a good job of picking up
the blitz on the play to give Hogan time to throw.

"We ran most of our basic plays," Hogan said. "We moved the ball well. We picked
up first downs and converted third downs. It was a good day. I feel comfortable
with where I am and I'm comfortable where the offense is at."

Hogan didn't feel the running game looked better or worse than the passing game.

"They both work together," Hogan said. "You have to run the ball to open up the
pass. We had some good runs. We gashed them a bit, setting them up to throw down
field."

Ward: Offense is talented

Cardinal fullback Lee Ward will play a critical role in the running game with
his lead blocking.

"We were playing with a condensed playbook because it was an open practice,"
Ward said. "The No. 1 offense did a pretty good job moving the ball. We have to
finish at the goal line on the first drive."

Ward conceded the offense has a ways to go until UC Davis comes calling Aug. 30.

"We'll be ready for UC Davis," Ward said. "Our offense has looked extremely good
this camp, comparing it to years past. We're one of the most talented offenses
we've ever had. We have some talented receivers, some great tight ends and a
talented offensive line. It's a matter of continuing to jell as an offense and
bring everything together. We need to limit our mistakes, come off the ball and
establish our running game in years past. Then we mix this short and
intermediate passing game we've established this offseason."

Anderson trio

There are three Andersons associated with Stanford football -- defensive
coordinator Lance Anderson, defensive end Henry Anderson and outside linebacker
Kevin Anderson, who came to Stanford from Palo Alto High.

Kevin Anderson was happy with the way the Cardinal played on the defensive side
of the ball Saturday.

"We played fast, we played smart," he said. "That's what we want to do. Coach
Anderson has done a great job of simplifying the defense. It's easier for the
younger guys to know the defense and play fast."

Kevin Anderson, a former Daily News Prep Defensive Player of the Year, is in his
fourth Stanford camp with another year of eligibility remaining.

"I kind of know how to keep my body going," Anderson said. "I feel the best
through two weeks of camp I ever have."

Anderson will be eligible for the NFL draft after this season, but he said he'll
stay for a fifth year.

"I'm going to take advantage of the education," said Anderson, a civil
engineering major. "I'll possibly do a master's degree."

Email John Reid at twitter.com/dailynewsjohn.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: J. Ennis Kirkland / StanfordPhoto.com Former Palo Alto High star Keller
Chryst, a freshman quarterback at Stanford, aired it out on the last play of
Saturday's scrimmage, throwing a pass more than 55 yards.
J. Ennis Kirkland / StanfordPhoto.com Former Palo Alto High star Keller Chryst,
a freshman quarterback at Stanford, aired it out on the last play of Saturday's
scrimmage, throwing a pass more than 55 yards.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

New offenses are changing defenses

BYLINE: Jason Kersey

SECTION: SPORTS; JASON KERSEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: NORMAN


NORMAN - In the age of fast-paced, no-huddle offenses that produce record point
and yardage totals, what does great defense look like?

College football teams across the Big 12 - and the country - are playing faster
than ever, causing defensive stalwarts like Mike Stoops to reconsider
expectations.

"Winning is the most important thing to us, playing good enough defense to win,"
said the OU defensive coordinator. "We want to dominate. That's out the window.

"We have to be rational in what we expect from our players. Our expectations
will be to play great defense. We're not gonna change that. Numbers aren't
relevant. You have to look at the totality of what we're trying to do. ... We're
not good enough to just line up and maul people. And nobody really is anymore in
this league."

The Sooners' offense went no-huddle five years ago in 2008, and has run the
system with loads of success. Sam Bradford won the Heisman Trophy and OU played
for the national championship that year.

Over the next four seasons, quarterback Landry Jones broke virtually every
passing record in school history and led the Sooners to a pair of Big 12
Championships.

Still, as these offenses have evolved into more sophisticated - and even faster
- machines, it's had an undeniable impact on defense in college football.

When offenses rush to the line of scrimmage after a play, the defense rarely has
time to make adjustments or substitute players.

A wide receiver can run a 50-yard route, quickly slip off the field and be
replaced by a fresh substitute, while the defender covering that receiver has to
sprint back upfield before the next snap.

Prominent, successful head coaches like Alabama's Nick Saban and Arkansas' Bret
Bielema have criticized such offenses as unfair to defenses and potentially
dangerous for players' health.

"I really thought Nick Saban had a great quote in saying that football wasn't
meant to be played like basketball," Stoops said. "But I mean really that's what
the game is. I would like to see the referees, you know what I mean, handle the
pace of the game."

That's what the NFL plans to do with the highflying, supersonic offense that
Chip Kelly brought from Oregon to the Philadelphia Eagles.

"We have to make sure teams understand that they don't control the tempo, our
officials do," NFL vice president of officiating Dean Blandino told The Wall
Street Journal late last month. "We're going through our normal ball mechanics;
we aren't going to rush (unless) it's in the two-minute drill."

Sooners head coach Bob Stoops has indicated that he's open to slowing down his
offense, if only to give his defense a rest.

When a team's offense scores quickly - or runs a no-huddle attack and goes
three-and-out - its defense can have trouble catching its breath on the
sideline.

"To be honest with you, that's what the summer's for is to get in shape," said
OU senior cornerback Aaron Colvin. "Whatever the offenses want, as long as it's
working, I'm happy. If they're scoring points, then you can't complain.

"You score points with me then I'm going to go out there and play my hardest to
stop them."

Bob Stoops said the most important thing when running a fast offense is picking
up first downs and sustaining drives.

In last season's Cotton Bowl loss to Texas A&M, the Sooners trailed 14-13 at
halftime but received to start the second half.

OU failed to pick up a single first down on any of its first three second-half
possessions, allowing the Aggies to pile on points and pull away in the eventual
41-13 rout.

"When you're putting the defense back out there in those situations ... they go
hand-in-hand," Bob Stoops said of the Cotton Bowl's second half. "You've got to
stay on the field, too."


LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Part of OU's problems on defense last season was the quick
pace of opposing offenses and its own offense's abitlity to stay on the field.
PHOTO BY CHRIS LANDSBERGER, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2 (page 1B): Defenses changing with offenses
College football teams across the Big 12 - and the country - are playing faster
than ever, causing defensive stalwarts like Mike Stoops to reconsider
expectations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             August 14, 2011 Sunday
                                  Mich Edition

MAC CAPSULES

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 793 words


EAST DIVISION

* OHIO - Key players: OL Joe Flading; OL A.J. Strum; TE Jordan Thompson.
Returning starters: 8 offense, 4 defense.

Notes: The Bobcats have gone to a bowl each of the last two seasons. They lost
to Troy in the New Orleans Bowl in 2010. ... Ohio had the league's best red zone
offense last season, going 38 of 43 with 33 touchdowns.

* TEMPLE - Key players: DL Adrian Robinson; RB Bernard Pierce; TE Evan
Rodriquez. Returning starters: 8 offense, 5 defense.

Notes: Temple lost coach Al Golden, who went to take over the Miami Hurricanes
in December. Former Florida offensive coordinator Steve Addazio replaces Golden.
... Temple was shut out of the bowl picture in 2010 despite winning eight games,
including a victory over Fiesta Bowl-bound Connecticut.

* MIAMI - Key players: WR Nick Harwell; DL Austin Brown; QBs Zac Dysert and
Austin Boucher. Returning starters: 8 offense, 9 defense.

Notes: The RedHawks are one of five MAC teams with a new coach. Former Michigan
State assistant Don Treadwell replaces Michael Haywood. ... Miami finished a
remarkable turnaround with a win over Middle Tennessee in the GoDaddy.com Bowl.
The RedHawks went 1-11 in 2009 before going 10-4 last season.

* BOWLING GREEN - Key players: WR Kamar Jorden; LB Dwayne Woods; OL Ben Bojicic.
Returning starters: 6 offense, 6 defense.

Notes: Matt Schilz threw for eight touchdowns and 14 interceptions last year as
a freshman, and Bowling Green struggled to a 2-10 season. Schilz did finish
third in the league at 222 yards passing per game. ... Bowling Green was last in
the MAC in rushing.

* KENT STATE - Key players: DL Roosevelt Nix; OL Chris Anzevino; WR Tyshon
Goode. Returning starters: 9 offense, 5 defense.

Notes: Darrell Hazell takes over as Kent State's coach after spending the last
six seasons as an assistant at Ohio State. He replaces Doug Martin, who resigned
with one game remaining in a 5-7 season. ... Nix had 10 sacks last season as a
freshman.

* BUFFALO - Key players: QBs Alex Zordich, Jerry Davis and Chazz Anderson; WR
Terrell Jackson. Returning starters: 9 offense, 3 defense.

Notes: Anderson transferred from Cincinnati to play his final year at Buffalo.
He's reunited with coach Jeff Quinn, who coached him from 2007-09, when he
served as the Bearcats' offensive coordinator. ... Jackson led the MAC in punt
return average at 15.5 yards.

* AKRON - Key players: LB Bryan Wagner; QB Patrick Nicely. Returning starters: 5
offense, 8 defense.

Notes: Nicely threw 10 touchdowns and 13 interceptions last year as Akron
struggled to a 1-11 mark. ... The Zips avoided a winless season with a victory
over Buffalo in the final game.

WEST DIVISION

* NORTHERN ILLINOIS - Key players: QB Chandler Harnish; OL Trevor Olson; DE Sean
Progar. Returning starters: 9 offense, 5 defense.

Notes: Former Wisconsin defensive coordinator Dave Doeren is the new coach at
Northern Illinois after Jerry Kill departed for Minnesota. ... Northern Illinois
has gone to three straight bowls and beat Fresno State 40-17 in the Humanitarian
Bowl in December.

* TOLEDO - Key players: WR Eric Page; RB Adonis Thomas; LB Dan Molls. Returning
starters: 9 offense, 8 defense.

Notes: Page caught 99 passes for 1,105 yards last season and also returned three
kickoffs for touchdowns. ... Thomas has been named to the Doak Walker Award
watch list after rushing for 1,098 yards last year.

* WESTERN MICHIGAN - Key players: WR Jordan White; QB Alex Carder; C Kevin
Galeher. Returning starters: 7 offense, 7 defense.

Notes: Carder threw for 30 touchdowns and 12 interceptions as a sophomore last
season. He was also the league leader in total offense. ... White caught 94
passes for 1,378 yards and 10 TDs.

* CENTRAL MICHIGAN - Key players: WR Cody Wilson; DB Jahleel Addae. Returning
starters: 8 offense, 6 defense.

Notes: Ryan Radcliff led the MAC with 280 yards passing per game, but he threw
17 interceptions. ... Central Michigan's nonconference schedule includes trips
to Kentucky, Michigan State and North Carolina State.

* BALL STATE - Key players: DB Sean Baker; DB Jason Pinkston. Returning
starters: 5 offense, 6 defense.

Notes: Pete Lembo takes over as coach after Stan Parrish was fired following a
4-8 season. Lembo spent the last 10 seasons at Elon in North Carolina and Lehigh
in Pennsylvania, turning both Football Championship Subdivision schools into
playoff contenders. ... Ball State ranked last in the MAC in passing last
season.

*EASTERN MICHIGAN -- Key players: QB Alex Gillett; DB Marcell Rose. Returning
starters: 7 offense, 7 defense.

Notes: Eastern Michigan went 2-10 last season after a winless 2009. ... The
Eagles allowed 44 points per game, by far the most in the MAC, although that
stat was skewed a bit by a 71-3 loss to Northern Illinois in EMU's finale.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  December 12, 1996, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
U.S. colleges described as 'armed camps'

BYLINE: From news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 880 words


U.S. college campuses are havens from much of the violent and property crime
that afflicts the nation. One expert says that's because they have become "armed
camps."

In its first study of campus law enforcement, the Justice Department reported in
Washington Wednesday that three out of four college and university campuses now
employ police officers with arrest power.

"The reason the campus crime rates are so low is that colleges and universities
have recruited huge numbers of security personnel to protect students," said
Jack Levin, a professor of criminology and sociology at Northeastern University.

The department's Bureau of Justice Statistics found that there were 64 violent
crimes and 2,141 property crimes reported to police for every 100,000 students
in 1994, the most recent year with complete data. By comparison, in the nation
as a whole that year, there were 716 violent crimes and 4,656 property crimes
for every 100,000 residents.

CRIME Sergeant jailed

An Army sergeant with a pocket full of fake IDs was jailed on charges he bluffed
his way into the sheriff's department in Phoenix and fondle two female prisoners
who say they still don't know his real name. David Michael Pecard was arrested
last week and charged on Wednesday with fraud, forgery, theft and sexual abuse.
A second allegation of sexual abuse remains under investigation. He was jailed
on $ 2 million bond. Authorities said Pecard, 34, at times claimed to be an FBI
agent, a U.S. Marshal and a Defense Department investigator. More recently, he
conned his way into the Maricopa County Sheriff's Department, receiving the keys
and an office and scamming Joe Arpaio, the man who enjoys a reputation as the
nation's toughest sheriff for his tent jails and chain gangs.

COURTS Pilot's stepmom sues

The stepmother of child pilot Jessica Dubroff is fighting the girl's mother in
court to gain $ 1.5 million from her husband's life insurance policies. Jessica;
her father, Lloyd Dubroff; and flight instructor Joe Reid died April 11 when
their plane crashed outside Cheyenne, Wyo., on the second day of the
7-year-old's bid to become the youngest person to fly across the United States.
So far, only Jessica's mother, Lisa Hathaway, has received proceeds from three $
750,000 life insurance policies taken out by Lloyd Dubroff. Dubroff's wife,
Melinda Dubroff, said she and her 4-year-old daughter with Dubroff, Kendall,
have received nothing. In court papers filed in Redwood, Calif., Tuesday, she
asked for all $ 750,000 of her husband's first policy, half of his second policy
and half of his third.

Grim reunion

An 11-year-old Arizona boy who played dead as his four sisters bled to death
nearby broke into tears Wednesday after testifying against his father, who shot
them repeatedly with a rifle. The courtroom meeting in Prescott was the first
time Rhyan Yazzie had seen his father since the Sept. 1 slayings. Norman Yazzie
is charged with killing his four daughters, ages 5 to 15, and trying to kill his
son in the family trailer in Dinnehoto, a small community on the Navajo
reservation just south of the Utah border. Investigators have said Norman Yazzie
tried to set the trailer on fire after dousing it with gasoline. Defense
attorneys contend Yazzie is innocent by reason of insanity and was upset about
his wife's infidelity and their impending separation.

SAFETY Residents return

The 700 residents of Mona, Utah, returned home a day after a cloud of burning
chemicals from an overturned truck forced them to evacuate. Mona was emptied
Tuesday when a cloud of burning sodium azide wafted toward the town 65 miles
south of Salt Lake City. About 90 barrels of the chemical - used to inflate car
bags - spilled and ruptured on Interstate 15, igniting into a flaming metallic
soup that smoldered through the night. The fire was put out Wednesday morning.
State crews were still working to clean up a second wreck that occurred
Wednesday near Santaquin, 10 miles to the north, on a road that was being used
as a detour around the first crash site.

Leak plugged

A Lancaster, Pa., man made like the Little Dutch Boy and stopped a gas leak with
his finger. Douglas Maciaes and a friend were moving a gas stove to clean behind
it Tuesday when the pipe broke. There was no shut- off valve in the third-floor
apartment, so he stuck his finger in the pipe while his friend called 911.
Firefighters put a wooden plug in the pipe and shut off the gas.

BUSINESS Disney changes?

Onetime top Hollywood talent broker Michael Ovitz is considering leaving his
position as president of The Walt Disney Co., according to published reports
today. Ovitz, once considered Hollywood's biggest power broker before he joined
Disney, has had talks with Sony Corp., the Japanese electronics and
entertainment company, The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and the New
York Post reported. But the Times quoted a Sony spokesman, Peter Wilkes, as
saying: "There are no plans to hire Mr. Ovitz for a position at Sony." The
Journal said it is unclear whether Ovitz will indeed jump from Disney, where he
has clashed with Chairman Michael Eisner, or if the discussion of his job plans
is a negotiating ploy to get more clearcut responsibility at Disney.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: These briefs ran only in the Final edition of The Atlanta Journal.

GRAPHIC: Photo: Firefighters in Concord, N.H., clear a fire hydrant Wednesday of

 snow that fell last weekend. JIM COLE / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 7, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

ON PRO FOOTBALL;
Reeves Is Returning With Resurgent Team

BYLINE: By Thomas George

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 803 words


Here he comes. Here comes Dan Reeves, the former Giants head coach, back into
Giants Stadium as the Atlanta Falcons head coach. The guy one of his former
Giants players (Mike Sherrard) said ran a Big Ten offense. The guy one of his
former Giants quarterbacks (Dave Brown) said offered an offense that was too
cumbersome and too archaic to flourish.

The guy who left the Giants after the 1996 season in a huff, who asked the
Giants to change their ways, to be more aggressive in free agency and work more
with him in building through the draft. The man who during four years as coach
wanted more of an imprint but was rebuffed. The Giants brass said, we pick 'em,
you coach 'em. Reeves said thanks, but no thanks.

So, he took his style, his philosophies and his convictions and traveled to
Atlanta, where he became general manager and head coach. Where he could pick 'em
and coach 'em. He took his Big Ten offense where it would be welcome.

And, excuse the rub, but the Falcons arrive to face the Giants on Sunday night
having just hung 51 points on the Carolina Panthers last Sunday; most of those
points were scored by the Falcons offense, and that is the most points scored by
a team this season. Meanwhile, the Giants offense is crumbling, having scored
only 3 points last Sunday in their loss at Tampa Bay.

Atlanta owns a 3-1 record. The Giants are 2-3.

The Falcons offense ranks 16th in the 30-team National Football League. The
Giants rank 27th.

The Falcons rank No. 2 in third-down efficiency (46.6 percent). The Giants rank
30th (20.5 percent).

The Falcons rank No. 2 in possession time (32 minutes 57 seconds). The Giants
rank 25th (27:40).

Maybe the Giants ought to embrace that Big Ten offense.

"If people said that about my offense, then I'm O.K. with it because the Big Ten
won the national championship last year and that's not bad," Reeves said,
scoffing, but obviously perturbed. Who wouldn't be?

Here is the coach who has won more games (151) than any other current N.F.L.
coach. His team was 11-5 in 1993, his first Giants season, and he was coach of
the year, and everything seemed so lovely.

"But that first year, we didn't have to make a lot of personnel decisions,"
Reeves said. "It was a noncap year. The salary cap came, and all of a sudden
players were being let go. I understood some of the decisions being made
involving money. But I wanted some things to change and they were not going to
change.

"Whenever you have differences like that, it's never any one person's fault. I
take some blame. I could have always just gotten by, but that is not a situation
I ever want to be in. I do not dwell on it. There were some good times there,
too, and I remember them."

Reeves went home. To Georgia, to Atlanta, 140 miles north of his hometown,
Americus.

The Falcons, coming off a 3-13 season, were so taxed and tangled that they
opened the doors wide open for Reeves for the 1997 season and said, please, fix
this mess. Reeves rolled up his sleeves.

He instilled discipline. Worked toward unselfishness. Started changing
attitudes. Built a team on the running game and on defense. And then reminded
everyone in his camp that whatever it takes to win is what will be employed,
that the structure may endure but it can be altered on a per-game, per-case
basis.

The Falcons initially struggled. They were 1-7. But since then they are 9-3.

Thus, Reeves in his first 20 games is even at 10-10. Beating the Giants would be
a start for Reeves getting over the hump.

"We are a long, long, long way from where we want to be," Reeves said. "But the
attitude is being developed where we now expect to win instead of expecting to
lose. That is a big change."

On offense, quarterback Chris Chandler is 10-4 in games he has finished; when
healthy, he produces. Chandler has thrown a touchdown pass in a club-record 16
consecutive games. Jamal Anderson gives the Falcons' running game bite: in his
last two games, he rushed for 123 yards against San Francisco and for 117
against Carolina.

On defense, the Falcons feature linebacker Jessie Tuggle, tackle Travis Hall and
cornerback Ray Buchanan among their leaders. This defense has not allowed a
100-yard rusher in 12 consecutive games. (Only Jacksonville has a longer streak,
at 16.)

All of the Falcons players stroll into Giants Stadium knowing what this game
means to Dan Reeves. Of course he wants to dust the Giants. He wants to show
them that they made a mistake by not insuring that he remain. He wants to remind
them that there are reasons he has the most victories among current N.F.L.
coaches. He wants to keep building in Atlanta and heap more misery on the now
struggling Giants.

Reeves said: "Anybody wants this in their situation. If you do not succeed, it
is nice to know that it is nobody's fault but your own."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Coach Dan Reeves, whose 3-1 Falcons will play the Giants on
Sunday night, with quarterback Chris Chandler. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     January 7, 2016 Thursday 11:04 AM GMT

For the thrilling Dallas Stars, it's all-out offense. But is their strategy
doomed?;
Dallas is on course for a staggering number of NHL goals - but playoff hockey is
not kind to high-octane offense, and their shoddy defending could cost them

BYLINE: Mathias Ask

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 967 words


Prior to their New York road trip, the Dallas Stars were the NHL leaders, a team
who had spent the first months of the season overpowering teams with their
dominant offense. After three straight losses, adding up to five in their last
seven, they are left wondering whether their offense-heavy strategy is the right
formula for winning a Stanley Cup.

Head coach Lindy Ruff told the media his team's performance in the 6-2 loss to
the New York Rangers was "embarrassing", something he'd clearly expressed during
the game by benching his top line of Jamie Benn, Tyler Seguin and Patrick Sharp
for the last 12 minutes.

Benn, the captain, didn't exactly mince words either.

"We played stupid hockey and it's not good enough. It's pretty plain and
simple," he said."

The Stars have scored 146 goals this year, 22 more than the Washington Capitals.
That's the same as the difference between the Capitals and the league's
17th-ranked offense, the Edmonton Oilers. Dallas is on track for over 280 goals
this year, which would be the most by an NHL team since the Pittsburgh Penguins
in 2012-13. Benn and Seguin are second and third in the league in points,
trailing only Patrick Kane.

But the Stanley Cup playoffs are typically not kind to high-octane offenses. Not
since the Pittsburgh Penguins powerhouse of 1991-92 has the No 1 offense won the
Stanley Cup. That's not to say that recent winners didn't have offensive
prowess. Reigning champion Chicago Blackhawks had both Jonathan Toews and the
aforementioned Kane, but they also had the No 1 defense in the NHL, which shut
down Tampa Bay Lightning in game six. In fact, the past six winners were all in
the top five in goals against, with three taking the top spot.

That's where the Stars have their work cut out. Although they've surged to 16th
in the league in goals against, a big jump from last year's 29th, Tuesday
night's game against the Rangers showed what awaits them if their top players go
cold and their defense and goaltending can't stop difference-makers like Rick
Nash and Derek Stepan.

After a 6-5 loss to the Islanders on Sunday, Ruff was asked if he was worried if
his defense was trending downwards. He sidestepped the question and blamed bad
penalties that let the Islanders score two power play goals. After the Rangers
game, he singled out his top scorers.

"We need those guys," Ruff said, referring to Seguin and Benn. "They're our best
players. Most nights they're the ones who can push you through, and they're
going through a tough spell."

Last year, Dallas was the only team with a top 10 offense to miss the playoffs.
To fix their defensive woes, they brought in Antti Niemi to be their starting
goaltender. Although he's been an improvement over last year's starter and
current back-up Kari Lehtonen, the game against the Rangers dropped Niemi's save
percentage to a pedestrian.913, good for only 25th among all goaltenders.

Still, Ruff didn't want to put the blame solely on Niemi, who didn't get much
help from his defensemen Tuesday night.

"I thought he made some great saves to let us hang around. We knocked one in, we
deflected one in," he said referring to some of the bizarre goals the team let
in. "I think if you look at the breakaway saves and the tough saves he made, he
gave us a chance when the game was still 2-1, 3-1."

The Stars have been a breath of fresh air in a season where NHL administrators
have lamented the decrease in scoring, and publicly floated proposals to
increase the size of the nets or decrease the size of goaltender equipment. The
league average continues to creep towards five goals per game, meanwhile the
average Stars' game has six goals per game. You're far more likely to see them
score six goals, which they've done four times, than being shut out, which only
happened once against St Louis Blues.

But in the playoffs, where series often come down to low-scoring overtime games,
opponents will be looking to shut down Dallas' skilled players. Henrik
Lundqvist, the Rangers' goalie who stopped 21 out of 23 shots against the Stars,
explained it best.

"I think against a team like Dallas, the best scoring team in the league, you
have to be smart with the puck. Your awareness has to be really high especially
in your own end," he said. "I think we played with poise and awareness. They
have some really high-skilled players and if you let them play it's going to be
a tough game."

Following a 3-2 win against the Boston Bruins, the Washington Capitals passed
the Stars for the best regular season record in the NHL. Under head coach Barry
Trotz, the team has remodeled itself into an excellent defensive team.

A few seasons ago, under Bruce Boudreau, the Capitals were the poster child for
trying to win the Cup by playing great offensive hockey. In 2010, they won the
President's Trophy for the best regular season record by scoring an incredible
318 goals, only to be upset in the first round by the Montreal Canadiens and
their stellar goaltending. The Capitals let in 233 goals that year. This year,
they have conceded the fewest goals, 85, at the midway point of the season.

But the Stars' style of play has still propelled them to first place in the
Central division by eight points, which is a more than welcome change for a team
that has only made the playoffs once in seven years. Attendance at the American
Airlines Center is up by almost 1,000 and despite the recent struggles, this is
still their best start since the Stanley Cup-winning season of 1998-1999.

After three road games in four nights, Ruff is hoping the team can regain
momentum back in Dallas with a few division games. But he's worried there's not
enough time to "regroup", as he put it.

"When you get out of this, you usually need a few days to let your team rest and
come out of it, but we don't have that luxury," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday

Bye week needed as Ags face Hawaii

BYLINE: Jay Hinton Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 449 words


LOGAN -- Utah State's bye week midway through the Western Athletic Conference
slate couldn't have come at a better time.

The Aggies (1-7, 1-3) have lost two straight games and arguably have four of the
toughest league games remaining -- beginning Saturday with the University of
Hawaii at 1 p.m. at Romney Stadium.

"Having a bye week gave us a chance to get our legs back," said Utah State
linebacker Paul Igboeli, who had 16 tackles in a 48-35 loss to Louisiana Tech 10
days ago. "We have been going for eight weeks now. Hawaii is an explosive
offense so our defense had to be on point in order to stop them and I think we
can do it."

Along with Hawaii, the Aggies face Nevada (Nov. 11), Boise State (Nov. 18) and
New Mexico State (Nov. 25). All four teams are ranked in the top 33 in total
offense. Those four teams are a combined 10-7 in league play, while Hawaii,
Nevada and Boise State are a combined 10-3.

"All four of these games in November we're going to see big offensive shows, so
it's going to have to start with our defense slowing people down and getting
them off the field," Utah State coach Brent Guy said.

Behind quarterback Colt Brennan, Hawaii (6-2, 4-1) leads the nation in total
offense (529.25 yards per game), passing offense (421.88 ypg.) and points per
game (45.38).

Individually, Brennan leads the nation is passing efficiency (185.00) and total
yards per game (391.00), and is second in passing yards per game (366.75) behind
New Mexico State quarterback Chase Holbrook (385.88)

New Mexico State is third in the nation in total offense (469.38), while Boise
State is 18th (423.23) and Nevada is 33rd (380.25).

Offensively, the Aggies rank 115th (245.50). Only Florida International,
Stanford, Temple and North Texas rank lower.

On the other side of the ball, Utah State ranks 112th in total defense (417.38);
117th (of 119) in pass efficiency defense (158.94), and 110th in points allowed
(33.25).

SPEAKING OF BIG OFFENSE: BYU, which Utah State lost to 38-0 earlier in the year,
is ranked sixth in total offense (445.63), while San Jose State, which beat the
Aggies 21-14 three weeks ago, ranks 21st (403.07), and Arkansas, which beat Utah
State 20-0, is 32nd (384.63).

LACK OF DEFENSE: Hawaii and New Mexico State rank high in offense, but very low
in defense. The Warriors are 105th in defense (399.50), while NMSU is 110th
(410.75).

Five of the WAC's nine teams rank lower than 100th. Along with Hawaii, NMSU, and
Utah State, Idaho is ranked 104th (398.00) and La. Tech is dead last in the
nation -- 119th (463.88). Aggies on the air

Hawaii (6-2, 4-1) at Utah State (1-7, 1-3)

Saturday, 1 p.m.

TV: KJZZ Radio: 610 AM (Logan), 1230AM or 1320AM (SLC) E-mail:
jhinton@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 26, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Bills' new combinations add mystery to no-huddle offense

BYLINE: Gary Mihoces

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Looking back on their last two playoff games last season, the Buffalo Bills
decided someone might be gaining on their no-huddle offense. So they added some
new wrinkles this season beyond the three- wideout, Thurman
Thomas-in-the-backfield set that had been so productive.

They used more combinations of two tight ends, two backs. They purposefully
slowed the tempo at times.

The plan: to keep defenses honest and give opponents more offense to defense in
a game just like Sunday's Super Bowl XXVII against Dallas. ''We hope it would,''
says coach Marv Levy. ''Those are the reasons why we do it.''

When Ted Marchibroda left to become coach of the Indianapolis Colts, his place
as offensive coordinator was taken by Tom Bresnahan (former offensive line
coach). Jim Shofner was brought in as quarterbacks coach.

''We all spent a lot of time last winter ... analyzing with a microscope every
facet of our offense,'' says Bresnahan.

The challenge, according to Bresnahan: ''To figure out how we could maintain the
kind of tempo and approach we had ... and stay ahead of the Washingtons and
people like that who seemed to have gotten a bit of a handle on what we were
doing.''

In last season's AFC title game against Denver, the Bills won 10-7 but didn't
score an offensive touchdown. In their Super Bowl loss to Washington, Jim Kelly
was intercepted four times and sacked five times under Redskins blitzes.

''I would like to think Dallas and every other team we have to play has to at
least defend more than the three-wideout set,'' says Bresnahan.

This season's Bills led the NFL in rushing for the second season in a row.
Passing yardage dropped off, and Kelly threw for 23 touchdowns compared to 33
last season.

However, sacks were reduced from 35 in '91 to 29 this season. The Bills also
helped their defense by improving their time of possession (28: 10 this season,
26: 04 last season).

Says Levy: ''It all sounds nice if you've won the last game.''

Fast fact
SoundMate Personal Listening System devices, individual receivers, will be
provided for fans at Super Bowl XXVII by Telex Communications Inc. The system
will allow fans, particularly the hearing impaired, to better hear announcements
and entertainment.

What they're saying
Carl Eller, former All-Pro defensive end with the Minnesota Vikings: ''I look at
(the Vikings) as being very successful.  It's finally starting to dawn on me.
People look at the Vikings as losers. I find that incredible.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ROAD TO THE SUPER BOWL

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 3, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

N.F.L. '95;
Peeking At the Playbook As Season Kicks Off

BYLINE: By THOMAS GEORGE

SECTION: Section 8;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1869 words


A strange thing happened in the National Football League on the way to defining
the team of the 1990's. The entire landscape of pro football changed.

We have free agency. We have Alvin Harper in Tampa Bay and Mark Stepnoski in
Houston and Ricky Watters in Philadelphia and Andre Rison in Cleveland. Three
years ago those players could not have willingly left their former teams. This
is the result of the labor agreement that the league signed in June 1993. That
agreement set the stage for a numbing $1.6 billion television contract. With pro
basketball and major league baseball currently under labor strife and pro
football already America's most popular sport, the N.F.L. is set this season to
reach unforeseen heights in fan interest and in dollars.

We have seen the longtime commissioner go (Pete Rozelle) and a new one arrive
(Paul Tagliabue, in October 1989).

We saw Art Shell become the first black head coach in the league in 68 years. We
saw him presented for Hall of Fame induction by the Raiders managing general
partner Al Davis in 1989 and then we saw him fired by Davis during this past off
season. This year, Shell will be the offensive line coach in, of all places,
Kansas City, a bitter, longtime Raider rival.

We have seen instant replay come and go, just like the run-and-shoot offense
(only the Atlanta Falcons will run it as a base offense this year). We have seen
a package of new offensive rules that were inserted last season to increase
scoring. And this season we will see two new teams -- the Carolina Panthers and
the Jacksonville Jaguars.

It's tough to keep track. The game within the game has exploded. But maybe it
has settled a bit now. Maybe now the concentration can be first and foremost on
the field, and that is good news. There are still four Super Bowls to be won in
the 1990's, including Super Bowl XXX in January in Tempe, Ariz., and there is
still time for any club to stake its claim as the team of the decade.

All these changes lead to two questions: What trends can we expect for the 1995
season? Which teams are best suited to be crowned the team of the 90's?

The N.F.L. has long been regarded as a copycat league. Teams see what works and
adopt it. Each year the Super Bowl champion sets the pace.

In 1990, the San Francisco 49ers won the Super Bowl with a finesse team. The
next two winners were the Giants and the Washington Redskins, both brutal,
powerful teams on defense with just enough offensive punch. In 1993 and 1994 the
Dallas Cowboys opened eyes with speed, quickness, youth and aggressiveness. With
the emphasis on playmakers on both sides of the ball, especially on the
defensive line, where the Cowboys appeared undersized, they overmatched
opponents with their quickness.

Then came last season, when the 49ers won it all with a free-agent-laden
championship defense and with another rendition of their exacting West Coast
offense.

This season, as many as half of the league's teams will run it, and every team
will use its elements.

A Coaching Empire Spawned by Walsh

Bill Walsh, the former 49ers coach, is credited with being the major developer
of this offense, and his influence is sweeping.

He has seven former assistant coaches who are now head coaches. This summer, he
conducted a camp for quarterbacks entering the draft, and among those attending
were Kerry Collins, Rob Johnson and Chad May.

He conducted another coaching clinic this summer, this one for pro personnel, on
game management, on dealing with the news media and on various football teaching
techniques. At next year's East-West College all-star game in Palo Alto, Calif.,
Walsh plans to conduct two clinics, one for N.F.L. coaches and another for
minority-group coaches.

"In corporate America, if you are a midlevel manager of any kind, you get
ongoing training in seminars, year-round," Walsh said recently. "In the N.F.L.,
there is nothing. The league wants to change that. Everyone is afraid to reveal
their so-called secrets and not acknowledge that they don't know everything. The
egos are so big. But so is the need to polish and refine the fundamentals of
coaching and of the quarterback. The coaches are so consumed with everything
else that little teaching of the fundamentals is done with the quarterback. And
that is critical."

The West Coast offense that bears his mark is all timing and precision. It
relies on quick reads and quick throws and pinpoint execution. It is a
pass-first offense.

"I guess the name West Coast offense has taken off," Walsh said, "but really, it
was conceived from 1970 through 1975 during my time as an assistant coach with
the Cincinnati Bengals and with Paul Brown, all the way to today. The offenses
we had in Cincinnati were prolific. We had Greg Cook at quarterback, a brilliant
man who could have been the greatest of all time but suffered injury. Later, we
had Kenny Anderson at quarterback. We had Bob Trumpy and Bruce Coslet as tight
ends and Charlie Joiner, Issac Curtis and Chip Myers as receivers. Four of those
guys were Pro Bowl players. Later, I went to San Diego and had a chance to work
with Dan Fouts. And then you know the 49ers of today. I was blessed to work with
some great people."

It helps to have Pro Bowl-caliber players, but the system can work without them,
Walsh said. He compares former 49ers receiver Dwight Clark to Jerry Rice. Clark,
he said, was not a superior athlete, though Rice is. Both have made historical
catches. Both have been Pro Bowl selections. When Walsh left after Super Bowl
XXIII, George Seifert came in and won two Super Bowls (XXIV in 1990 and XIX last
season). Joe Montana left for Kansas City and now Steve Young is wearing a ring.
The 49ers still script their plays -- a method that other teams have copied.

Walsh gives the three examples of offenses used today:

*1) There is the dominant running game that uses play-action off those runs for
big plays (a good example being the San Diego Chargers).

*2) There is the run-and-shoot, which uses sprint-out action by the quarterback
and quick throws (the Falcons are the best example).

*3) There is the West Coast offense, which relies on the high-percentage pass,
on timing and footwork, and uses the pass to set up the run (look to the 49ers).

"While others were getting sacked, we were getting the ball off," Walsh said.
"Our offense gave us that subtle edge. We relied on a partnership between the
quarterback and the receiver in their timing, their footwork and in their reads.
You need a quarterback that can run. Even Fouts could run. Where a Randall
Cunningham might break one for 30 yards, Fouts could run when forced and pick up
his 5 or 6 yards and a first down. That is critical to the offense."

It is an offense that wants to keep the pressure on. How many times have you
seen a team make a big play and then on the next play run for a yard off tackle?
Not in the West Coast offense. That was the way the 49ers played all of last
season, especially in Super Bowl XXIX when they scored two quick touchdowns on
long pass plays.

"We were able to isolate each skill that had to be learned and a way to teach
them," Walsh said. "That made it work, plus intense and precise practices. In
our practices we did it until it was exactly the way we wanted it and we found a
way to get a lot done in a short amount of time. We concentrated on situations
that would appear in a game. We knew, for example, what kind of plays we wanted
to run ahead in a game with four minutes left and not only did we know that but
we had practiced just that situation."

But if your team this season is running this offense for the first time, expect
growing pains.

"I know a lot of teams are going to the offense, and that is good, but this is
not an offense you can master in one year," Walsh said. "I've been working on it
for at least 15 years and the 49ers have had it in place for almost that long."

<HBTrends to Expect For This Season

Other trends can be expected in 1995, among them:

YOUTH VS. EXPERIENCE Glance at the roster of any team. Is it younger than it
used to be? In most cases, it is. The salary cap and free agency have dictated
that cheaper players on the market (younger players) have supplanted the more
high-priced ones (the veterans). Some of this can also be traced to the fact
that N.F.L. teams are now more than ever enamored of speed.

THE 4-3 VS. THE 3-4 The Giants and the Redskins won their Super Bowls early in
the decade with the 3-4 defense (three down linemen, four linebackers), which
was the defense of the 1980's. Now the trend is moving to the 4-3 (four down
linemen, three linebackers) because coaches say it gives them more of a pass
rush and better run defense.

NOW YOU SEE THEM, NOW YOU DON'T Look for defenses to frequently show a five- or
six-man line, and then at the snap move defensive ends and others back into pass
coverage. Show you're rushing six. Rush two. And then flood the passing zones
with linemen, unlikely defenders until now.

READ IT AND WEEP Last year, defensive backs were prevented from chucking a
receiver after 5 yards beyond the line of scrimmage. That rule change has freed
the receiver and thus the passing game. And now receivers are set to take full
advantage by running more read patterns.

Jerry Rice is the best at this tactic. Watch Super Bowl XXIX again and see how
many times Rice -- against a Charger cornerback who is 7 yards off the ball and
beginning his backpedal at the snap -- runs directly at the back with everything
he has. The closer Rice gets, the more he sets up the back to turn inside or
outside. Once the back commits, Rice reads that and breaks his pattern the
opposite way. This is extremely difficult to defend, especially on a receiver
with superior speed.

ON A ROLL Because defenses have placed such a premium on pressuring the
quarterback, look for offenses to respond with more rollout or action passes.

One of the most effective of these is the drift. Fran Tarkenton, the former
Minnesota Vikings and Giants quarterback, was a master at this technique. Take
the snap, drop straight back as if you are going to set up in the regular pocket
and then drift right or left to a newly formed pocket.

49ers and Cowboys Are a Cut Above

With the game having changed so much on and off the field, which teams are
prepared to stake their claim on the decade? Start with Dallas and San
Francisco. They have each won two Super Bowls in the 90's, and the 49ers have
every intention of repeating last year's championship. The 49ers-Cowboys battle
on Nov. 12 at Irving, Tex., will be intriguing. These remain the two best teams
in the N.F.L. because they are the most talented over all and possess five or
six quality, Hall of Fame-caliber players.

There are two teams that should be added to the chase, however. Both the New
England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles have strong owners in Bob Kraft and
Jeff Lurie. Both have sound coaches with an eye for judging talent and excellent
motivators in Bill Parcells and Ray Rhodes. Look for both franchises to muddle
the picture for the rest of the decade.

A decade that now seems ready to keep the focus simple -- on the field and on
the game.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: 1991: Brute Strength -- The Giants' Ottis Anderson powers for
yardage in the 1991 Super Bowl. The Giants used brawn to win the title, as did
the Redskins one year later.; 1993: It's Off To the Races -- The Cowboys'
Michael Irvin and Alvin Harper were too fast for the Bills in the 1993 Super
Bowl. Speed and quickness had now become the prevailing factors in the N.F.L.;
1995: Pure Precision -- Jerry Rice and his 49er teammates ran their exacting
West Coast offense to perfection in the 1995 title game. It's the offense that
other teams envy, and try to copy.; New Season, New Wrinkle -- What changes are
in store this season? On defense, look for linemen to drop back into pass
coverage, as shown in the diagram at right. On offense, look for quarterbacks to
roll out in a bid to counteract the pass rush.
(Associated Press (Giants); The New York Times (Cowboys); Barton Silverman/The
New York Times (Niners)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           February 1, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Manning gives Broncos slight edge; Denver can afford precisely zero mistakes
against Seattle

BYLINE: Bruce Arthur, Postmedia News

SECTION: SPORTS; Commentary; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 918 words


Super Bowl week! New York! New Jersey! The weather! Really, this Super Bowl
could have been the grandaddy of them all when it came to gambling on the
weather. There were prop odds and everything, though none of them included the
odds of a team bus trying to get to the stadium in New Jersey and taking that
exit - no wait, THAT exit - and then going round and round on roads that are
close to where you're going but don't actually take you there, not quite, DAMN
it, we're headed back to Newark, while your GPS just gives up and tells you to
turn around until you throw it out the window and into a frozen swamp.

So far, the storylines of Super Bowl week have included Marshawn Lynch not
wishing to speak to the press (so?), Richard Sherman writing that Peyton Manning
throws "ducks" (true, though he did specify they were accurate, on-time ducks),
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick saying Sherman was afraid of
San Francisco's receivers (seems unlikely), and the weather.

But the forecast is for a high of 6 C on Sunday, with barely any wind. Advantage
Manning! Or something. This is the first time the No. 1 offence has met the No.
1 defence in the Super Bowl since Buffalo learned the words "Wide Right" in
1991, and that's the headline act.

Seattle also has an offence and Denver also has a defence, and best of luck to
both of them.

So, what else about the central matchup Sunday. Let's see.

Well, Seattle allowed a league-leading 14.4 points per game this season, which
is great. They did it against the 25th, 24th, 31st, 11th, 17th, 19th, 21st,
26th, 32nd, 12th, 13th, 5th, 24th, 30th, 21st, 26th, 5th, and 24th-ranked
offences, by yards gained.

Denver scored a league-record 37.9 points per game this season, which is great.
And they did it against the 9th, 12th, 18th, 30th, 32nd, 27th, 19th, 21st, 24th,
23rd, 25th, 23rd, 15th, 24th, 7th, 18th, 24th, and 25th-ranked defences, by
yards allowed. So that's an average of about the 20th-ranked offence for
Seattle, or the Kansas City Chiefs, and an average of

about the 21st-ranked defence for Denver, or the Washington Redskins.

The two teams are clearly excellent at their strengths and they obviously
distorted those rankings to a degree, but Seattle also got the fifthranked
Saints at home both times, while Denver got the seventh-ranked Texans at the sad
end of a 2-14 season.

Neither team has faced anything quite like this yet.

Denver has had two of its three lowest-scoring games of the year in the
post-season, but that's partly because of how they've done it - grinding out
five-and sixand seven-minute drives, stringing together short passes and
intermediate passes and run plays, keeping guys like Philip Rivers and Tom Brady
off the field. Seriously, the Broncos have punted once in two games. Denver's
punter spent most of his time playing Sudoku on his phone and smoking cigarettes
and looking at the crowd, wondering whether any of them understood his
loneliness.

Seattle, meanwhile, forces teams into the short game, because throwing deep on
them is a nightmare.

According to Pro Football Focus, Seattle was attacked deep while lined up in
press coverage 24 times this season, and two of the passes were completed,
versus five interceptions.

Oh, and the Seahawks, as detailed by the Wall Street Journal, cheat. They grab
receivers, glom on, commit five penalties when you can only call one, if that.

As New York Giants wide receiver Louis Murphy told the Journal, "They just seem
to not care about the rules," which, golly, doesn't sound like a program coached
by Pete Carroll at all.

The Broncos, meanwhile, run pick plays that skirt legality, so a big part of
this Super Bowl may be the contest of who cheats more effectively, which is a
nice tribute to nearby Wall Street, or Tony Soprano's New Jersey. Whichever.

So: Who will win? The pick Seattle (+2.5) at Denver This space's best moment was
probably picking the Giants to upset the 17-0 Patriots by a field goal in 2008,
which was basically decided by the craziest catch in Super Bowl history, and was
therefore basically an expression of a chaotic universe. That was probably the
closest recent matchup to this.

Meanwhile, this one feels like it will come down to whether Seattle can handle
Manning, or not.

Can they rush four guys and force Manning to move his feet and hold the ball a
little longer and pat it, whisper, "It'll be OK, ball, it'll be OK" as the
blue-and-green madmen get closer, closer? Can they take away enough of his
weapons - Demaryius Thomas, Julius Thomas, Wes Welker, Eric Decker, Knowshon
Moreno, all with at least 60 catches and 10 touchdowns, pick a card - and stop
those long, clockeating drives? Because if they can, well ... Denver's defence
has played the run well lately, so Russell Wilson will have to do some work for
Seattle. And still, Manning will probably have to be great, and that's the
trick. Manning has spent a lifetime memorizing details and formations and
patterns, and can read them without effort, but Seattle doesn't really trick you
so much as it hits you, maybe holds you, takes things away.

You can't make many mistakes against Seattle. And the last time Manning was in a
Super Bowl he threw a game-sealing pick six against New Orleans with three
minutes to go.

He's got another chance, and he's got one hell of an opponent.

No quarterback has ever won Super Bowls with two different franchises.

Test of a lifetime, coming up, and it says here he has just enough to pass.

Pick: Denver 24, Seattle 23. Last week: 0-2 Season: 123-134-8

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Matt Slocum, The Associated Press; Seattle Seahawks head coach Pete
Carroll's air-tight defence and Denver Broncos head coach John Fox's high-flying
offence are on a collision course in Sunday's Super Bowl at MetLife Stadium in
East Rutherford, N.J.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday

Numbers suggest poor offense is main reason for Bulls' slump

BYLINE: By Mike McGraw mmcgraw@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 606 words


Numbers suggest poor offense is main reason for Bulls' slump

This was a forgettable week for the Bulls, to say the least.

First, they blew a 21-point lead against Tom Thibodeau's Timberwolves, were
blitzed by the Bucks in Brat Town, then in a bookend blowout against Milwaukee,
ex-Bull Tony Snell (10 points) outscored 10 of 12 guys who were dressed in Bulls
uniforms. Also, Nikola Mirotic skipped Friday's pregame walk-through, logging an
unexcused absence.

This much seems obvious: The Bulls don't match up well against tall, athletic
lineups. They played with more confidence against Cleveland and San Antonio.

During much of Friday's 95-69 loss to Milwaukee at the United Center, Dwyane
Wade guarded 6-11 Giannis Antetokounmpo, who is called "Greek Freak" for a good
reason, with Jimmy Butler on Chicago native Jabari Parker. The results weren't
good, as mentioned above.

The Bulls' season has featured two distinct segments. From the season opener
through the end of the circus road trip, they looked sharp and posted a 10-6
record. Since the trip ended on Nov. 26, they've looked awful outside of those
wins against the Cavs and Spurs, producing a 3-7 record.

What's the difference? By comparing stats, the answer is clearly offense. In
those first 16 games, the Bulls averaged 105.3 points. In the last 10, it's
dipped to 94.4.

The Bulls' young players were clueless defensively at times Friday, turning
simple screen-and-rolls into uncontested dunks. In general, though, the Bulls'
defense wasn't bad against the Bucks when it set up in the half court. But those
missed shots led to fast breaks, then either easy baskets or a badly mismatched
Bulls' defense.

So yeah, it sounds painfully simple, but the statistics are in full support. The
Bulls' poor bench play and horrid 3-point shooting are the biggest issues during
the 10-game slump.

The Bulls shot 30.4 percent overall from the field in Friday's loss. Inside the
locker room, Jimmy Butler had no explanation for the awful offense.

"Offense is never going to look good when the ball's not going in the basket,"
Butler said. "If we got the clock down to one second and threw it up from
half-court every time and it went in, nobody would say the offense looks bad,
because we scored points."

In the last 10 games, the Bulls rank last in the league in offensive rating,
which is the number of points scored per 100 possessions. They're easily last in
3-point percentage at 22.4 percent, and they're 29th in bench points at 22.5 per
game (Minnesota is worse).

In the first 16 games, the Bulls shot 34.6 percent from 3-point range and
averaged 31.1 bench points. The loss of scoring can pretty much be traced to
Mirotic, Doug McDermott and Isaiah Canaan.

Long-range shooting was a significant concern when the season began, because
Butler, Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo are not historically good shooters from
behind the arc. When Wade and Butler began the season shooting well, the Bulls
figured to revert to the mean sooner or later.

So maybe their best hope now is to revert to the mean again, because no team
should be bad enough to shoot 22 percent from 3-point range consistently.

"It's a game of confidence," Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg said. "We missed a lot of
open shots. We missed shots at the rim, we missed putbacks. Every which way on
the offensive end.

"Collectively, we've got to find a way out of it. We've got to get back and have
our best practice of the year (Sunday). We've got to find a way to regroup.
We've got to do it together and stay together through this rough patch. The only
way we know how is to work."

Get the latest Bulls news via Twitter by following @McGrawDHBulls.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated press The Bulls' season can be split into two distinct
segments. From the opener through the end of the circus road trip, they were
surpsiringly good. Since then, they've struggled and a stat comparison points to
offense as the biggest problem. Associated press The Bulls' season can be split
into two distinct segments. From the opener through the end of the circus road
trip, they were surpsiringly good. Since then, they've struggled and a stat
comparison points to offense as the biggest problem.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 25, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

SUPER BOWL XXV;
Bills Aren't Only Team That Has an Offense

BYLINE: By FRANK LITSKY, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Fla., Jan. 24


If you listen to all the talk here during this Super Bowl week, you may think
that Sunday's game will involve only the Buffalo Bills' offense and the Giants'
defense. Except for curiosity about Jeff Hostetler, the Giants' new starting
quarterback, the Giants' offense and the Bills' defense have been overlooked.

They should not be. The Bills have a tough, mobile, persistent defense. It is
led by Bruce Smith, who says he is the best defensive player in pro football
today and probably is.

The Giants' offense is less flashy, but persistent. During the regular season,
the Giants held the ball an average of 32 minutes 15 seconds a game, which is
good. In the playoffs, they have averaged 38 minutes 40 seconds, which is
spectacular.

Those Demanding Fans

Coach Bill Parcells says Giant fans have become so accustomed to a winning team
that winning is no longer enough. Now, he says, the fans insist the Giants must
win with flair.

Four years ago, the Super Bowl champion Giants had flair on offense. Now,
although some statistics are flashy, the offense is not. It is more blue-collar.
Its mentality is pound the ball. It is plain vanilla.

There are, however, hints of pralines and cream mixed in with the vanilla.
Hostetler, filling in for the injured Phil Simms, is a dangerous runner who can
scramble or run bootlegs for timely gains. Dave Meggett, filling in last Sunday
for the injured Rodney Hampton, is a quick, slippery runner who can break away
for big yardage.

In addition, Parcells is unafraid to run or pass on fourth down. The Giants have
tried it five times in their two playoff games and have made a first down every
time.

Elliott Helps

During the regular season, they did well on fourth down when Jumbo Elliott,
their best run-blocking offensive lineman, was healthy. He is healthy now.

Parcells said the fourth-down plays were not the gambles they appeared to be.
"Fourth-and-10 is a gamble," he said. "Fourth-and-1 may not be a gamble."

"It's nice to know," said Doug Riesenberg, the offensive tackle, "that if it
comes down to fourth down, your coaches have confidence in you."

These interludes aside, the Giants prefer to pound the ball with Ottis Anderson
behind their big offensive line. The philosophy comes from Parcells, although
the critics descend on Ron Erhardt, the offensive coordinator. Parcells brushes
off the critics.

"We're very predictable, very conservative," he said, more in resignation than
sarcasm.

He summarized the Giants' offense simply.

"We try to run the ball with power," he said. "We try to mix the play-action
passes and keep the third downs down."

While this offense has generally been effective, it still has problems
sustaining drives. In the two games against the 49ers this year, including
Sunday's victory for the conference title, the Giants did not score a touchdown.

There has been a perception by some fans that the team has problems scoring
inside the 20-yard line. During the regular season, the Giants scored either a
touchdown or a field goal on 42 of their 50 regular-season possessions inside
the 20. In the playoffs, they scored three of the four times they were in the
red zone.

The Giants do have a conservative approach to the passing game. During the
regular season, they tried to pass more times than they tried to run (27 times a
game to 24).

They throw more to the running backs and the tight ends and less to the wide
receivers. Mark Ingram and Stephen Baker, their starting receivers, caught only
26 passes each in the 16 regular-season games.

The low number was not because of shortcomings by Ingram and Baker. Both
improved dramatically this season.

Although Ingram is not big, he is strong and fearless over the middle. Baker (5
feet 8 inches and 160 pounds) is a paperweight who knows how to avoid a big hit.


Philosophical Approach

"Our offense is not geared to get the ball to the wide receivers," Baker said.
"Early in my career, that was very frustrating. But now I understand the
philosophy.

"Maybe we don't have a lot of catches, but we make a lot of plays in critical
situations. We make plays when they have to be made."

Still, no matter what the offense does, the Giants have been known for 30 years
for defense. Maurice Carthon, their fullback since 1985, knows that.

'Ever since I've been here," he said, "I think our offense has always been
overlooked. It's always been the Giants' defense. It doesn't bother me. When the
defense plays well, we seem to gear up and play well."

The defense thinks it will play well Sunday. As Steve DeOssie, the inside
linebacker and phrasemaker, said:

"Offense sells tickets.

"Defense wins games."

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charts: 'When Giants Go on 4th Down' shows Giants record when going for
a first down on a fourth down play; 'Inside the Red Zone' shows how Giants
offense has performed when it had the ball inside the opponent's 20-yard line
this season

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Buff 'D';
faces;
weekly;
gauntlet

SECTION: D:SPORTS; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 287 words


Y ou've heard of the "frying pan into the fire" analogy?

How about the "frying pan into the fire into the inferno into Dante's seventh
circle" analogy?

Welcome to Ron Collins' world, where every week the heat seems to crank up
another notch.

So far this year, Colorado's defensive coordinator has faced four teams that
have occupied spots in the nation's top 20 in total offense or scoring offense:
Texas, Kansas, Florida State and Kansas State.

For most teams, that would be enough for a season.

But not in the Big 12. The league that once was dominated by defense and running
attacks is now a conference in which anything goes, where the spread offense is
king, and defense ... well, the only light at the end of the tunnel is another
train.

Take Collins and the Buffs.

After four games against top-20 offenses, the Buffs are now staring into the eye
of another hurricane -- this one, the nation's No. 5 group, high-octane
Missouri.

Meanwhile, still waiting are No. 7 Oklahoma State and No. 18 Nebraska.

That means that by season's end, the Buffs' defense will have spent more than
half its games playing against offenses ranked among the nation's top 20.

Fun job, eh?

Ah, but there's more. Not only must Collins prepare his defense almost weekly to
prevent an offensive detonation, he must also prepare his players to face one of
the nation's best players seemingly every week.

One recent poll of Heisman voters named four Big 12 quarterbacks as among the
top six players in the nation. Colorado has already seen one of them, Texas'
Colt McCoy, and will see another this weekend in Missouri's Chase Daniel. (Then
there's West Virginia's Pat White, considered a Heisman candidate when the
season began.)

Move on to quarterback

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           February 10, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

JACKSON WILL LEAD FAU'S OFFENSE

BYLINE: By TOM D'ANGELO Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 489 words


Florida Atlantic coach Howard Schnellenberger promoted receivers coach Darryl
Jackson to offensive coordinator and hired former Louisville offensive
coordinator Jeff Brohm as quarterbacks coach on Monday.

Jackson, 40, will be an offensive coordinator for the first time in a coaching
career that started in 1991 and has spanned six universities.

Brohm, 37, recently was demoted by Cardinals coach Steve Kragthorpe to a
non-coaching position.

Schnellenberger was Louisville's coach when Brohm was the Cardinals quarterback
in the early 1990s.

"He didn't really enter into our coordinator plans because I thought it was more
important to keep consistency as we knew it," Schnellenberger said of Brohm.
"This gives us an opportunity to have continuance and have continuity and get
the best out of our quarterbacks and offense."

Jackson came to FAU from Arizona State in 2007 as the receivers coach. He will
continue to run the two-back offense that has become Schnellenberger's staple.

"As much as everyone is into the spread, as you look across the country, the
ones who are consistently winning, the ones who get into BCS bowls, they all
still have ties to the two-back offense or pro-style offense," said Jackson, who
also will continue as receivers coach.

Jackson's receivers totaled 3,784 yards and 33 touchdowns in 2007, helping lead
the Owls to the Sun Belt Conference championship and the New Orleans Bowl. The
offense slipped last season as the team started 1-5 before rebounding to win six
of seven, including a Motor City Bowl victory over Central Michigan.

"We will try to increase our quarterback efficiency and increase our efficiency
on offense and decrease the number of drops we've had the last few years,"
Jackson said.

Jackson replaced Gary Nord, who left FAU to become the offensive coordinator at
Purdue. Nord also served as FAU's quarterbacks coach.

Kragthorpe announced several changes to his staff Monday, including naming
himself as the offensive coordinator, after Louisville fell from fourth in the
nation in passing offense (341.9-yard average) in 2007 to 63rd (212.2) last
season. The overall offense fell from sixth in 2007 to 45th last year.

Brohm was Louisville's quarterbacks coach for three seasons before being
elevated to assistant head coach and passing game coordinator in 2007 and
offensive coordinator in 2008.

"Sometimes when you maybe don't see eye to eye with someone it's better to move
on to somewhere else," Brohm said. "I think that's what maybe happened here."

Brohm is one of four family members to play for the Cardinals and was a member
of Louisville's coaching staff for six seasons.

In Brohm's first season as an assistant at Louisville, Stefan LeFors led the
nation in passing efficiency and completion percentage. Brohm's brother, Brian,
was second in the nation in passing efficiency in 2006.

In the NFL, Brohm played for six teams in seven seasons but saw little playing
time.

~tom_dangelo@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2)
 (C) Jackson (B&W) GARRY JONES/2005 The Associated Press File Photo New Florida
Atlantic assistant Jeff Brohm (left) previously coached his brother, Brian, at
the University of Louisville.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday

T-U 2

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 690 words


HAYS' HEADLINES

With inspiration from the satirical website theonion.com, here are the top
sports stories that just missed the paper this week. These are Hays' headlines.

- Gators fans hope football team one day catches up to FSU

- Greg McElroy has not lost a game in four days

- 1972 Dolphins can stop living in fear of perfect Kansas City Chiefs juggernaut

- Randy Shannon says blowout loss to FSU will help Miami more than you know

- Mike Ditka expecting 25,000 fans in Tallahassee for Boston College game

- Nick Saban miffed his dark master paying more attention to Les Miles

- Cowboys merge with Vikings in hopes of making playoffs

- Vols salvage moral victory after Lane Kiffin's USC squad falls to Stanford

- Bill Belichick trades Tom Brady to Cardinals for third-round pick

HAYS, THE MAGNIFICENTLY INACCURATE

Welcome to rock bottom. A dreadful 0-5 week has knocked your humble seer into an
11-18-1 hole for the year. Wait, it gets better. My fantasy football team is
0-5.

With such a terrible performance, I thought I'd look back at some of my all-time
worst predictions before moving on to a new week of picks.

- Titanic to plow unscathed through iceberg

- Stock market headed for banner year in 1929

- Walter Mondale a lock to unseat Ronald Reagan

- Michael Spinks to teach cocky Mike Tyson a brutal lesson

Now, on to my latest failure. The best way to top an 0-5 week is to go 0-7.

MISSISSIPPI STATE (PLUS 9 POINTS) AT FLORIDA: The only guy having a worse season
than me is Steve Addazio. That trend continues. I like the Bulldogs to cover.

SOUTH CAROLINA (MINUS 6) AT KENTUCKY: I'm somewhat worried about a South
Carolina letdown. Still, the Gamecocks should beat the Wildcats by a touchdown.
Give me Steve Spurrier's boys, and I'll spot the points.

ARKANSAS (PLUS 3) AT AUBURN: I wasn't impressed with Auburn's defense last week.
I think Arkansas will score plenty, so I'll take the Razorbacks and the points.

OHIO STATE (MINUS 6) AT WISCONSIN: I like the Badgers in an upset. But, I'll
take the six points just in case. The Buckeyes haven't faced a hostile road
environment yet.

MIAMI (MINUS 18.5) AT DUKE: I'm guessing Miami has a lot of frustration to take
out. Not good for lowly Duke. I'll take the Hurricanes to cover.

TEXAS (PLUS 9.5) AT NEBRASKA: The Longhorns are coming off a bye and are, by
far, the most talented team Nebraska has seen this year. Plus, can Texas really
lose three in a row? I'll take the Longhorns to keep it close and cover.

BOSTON COLLEGE (PLUS 22) AT FLORIDA STATE: FSU's defense has been spectacular
lately, and BC's offense has been shaky. I'll take the Seminoles to cover.

2 CENTS

Louisiana-Monroe.

Louisiana-Lafayette.

No, those aren't the first two opponents on Florida's 2011 football schedule.

Those are the two teams ranked just ahead of UF in total offense.

You see, the mighty Gators are ranked 96th in total offense among the 120 squads
that comprise the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision.

Pitiful.

I doubt either of those Louisiana powerhouses started eight players on offense
last Saturday that were either four- or five-star recruits. UF did. Hey,
recruiting might not be an exact science, but all those experts aren't that bad.

Just writing that Urban Meyer has to fix his offense, in large part by demoting
coordinator Steve Addazio, has become white noise. Any football fan can see the
Gators offense is horrid.

But the numbers really deliver the point.

Florida, with all of its athletes, is 96th in total offense halfway through the
season.

Keep in mind, UF has only faced one team (LSU) ranked in the nation's top 15 in
total defense. It hasn't been a Murderer's Row.

Addazio is a brilliant recruiter. He did a solid job of running the offensive
line when Dan Mullen coordinated UF's offense. But Meyer needs to readjust
Addazio's responsibilities before the 2011 season gets here. Maybe the answer is
to leave Addazio as the coordinator but take away his duties as offensive line
coach. Frankly, Addazio's workload now simply isn't fair. Meyer is asking too
much of Addazio, and it shows.

Just look at the numbers.

Ninety-sixth in total offense. My, how far the Gators have fallen.

Compiled by HAYS CARLYON/ The Times-Union

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Addazio The (Columbia, S.C.) State South Carolina quarterback Stephen Garcia
celebrates the Gamecocks' 35-21 win over Alabama on Saturday. Could South
Carolina be facing a letdown this week at Kentucky?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            October 12, 2008 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

PIAA not likely to ban radical offense

BYLINE: By Don Beideman; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS SPORTS; Inq High School Sports; Pg. E15

LENGTH: 426 words



Although its use is already banned by several state high school athletic
associations, the controversial A-11 offense appears safe from a ban by the PIAA
- at least for this season.

According to Brad Cashman, executive director of the PIAA, the National
Federation of High Schools will hold its annual football rules committee meeting
in January, and it is expected to look at the spread offense developed by
Piedmont High, a small school in the San Francisco Bay area.

"I'm almost positive it will be on the rules committee agenda," said Cashman,
who is chairman of the federation's rules committee.

As a member of the federation, the PIAA would have to abide by any decision to
ban the A-11 offense by the rules committee.

The A-11 offense, which spreads players across the field, uses an exception in
the normal player numbering system that potentially makes all 11 players
eligible to catch a pass. Normally, only players numbered 1 through 49 and 80 to
99, who line up on the end of the line or in the backfield, are eligible to
catch a pass. The exception does not change the number of players (five) allowed
to catch a pass, just the numbering requirement.

The formation has created such an uproar that National Public Radio did a
segment on it.

Although no school in Pennsylvania is known to be using it, several coaches in
this area said earlier this season they would take a look at it. Piedmont coach
Kurt Bryan decided to design the offense to offset a size disadvantage his team
faced at virtually every game. Piedmont has a student body of 800. Many schools
it plays are more than twice that size.

The North Carolina High School Athletic Association is among 10 states that
banned the radical offense. Its director of officials, Mark Dreibelbis, said
it's "unfair to the defense and cannot be officiated.

"The exception was put in in 1978 for scrimmage kicks," Dreibelbis said. "The
long-snapper is a skilled position, and teams didn't always have a player
numbered 50 to 59 to perform that skill. Rules makers never dreamed of making an
exception for a specific play situation [scrimmage kick] into an every-play
down."

Cashman, on the other hand, said he doesn't see the offense creating the
problems Dreibelbis mentioned.

"It's not illegal," he said. "It's nothing more than a spread offense. It's not
that difficult to defend, and it not difficult to officiate. I heard the NPR
piece. I think the coach [Bryan] simply uses the offense as a motivator."

Contact staff writer Don Beideman at 610-696-2652 or dbeideman@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           September 29, 2006 Friday
                                National Edition

Lamont calls out raiders' offence: 'We need to step up'

BYLINE: Steve Corkran, Contra Costa Times

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: ALAMEDA, Calif.


ALAMEDA, Calif. - Oakland Raiders running back LaMont Jordan packed his bags and
boarded a plane last Thursday for a trip home to Maryland. The bye week afforded
players a three-day break before practice resumed Monday.

Jordan visited his high school, spent some time with his family and even played
catch with an old buddy. Anything to take his mind off his team's 0-2 start. The
more he tried to get away from it all, the more he found himself reflecting upon
the Raiders' plight.

Now that he's back, he wants everyone to know that it's high time he and his
teammates get their act together or else they're in for another non-playoff
season and further ridicule.

Jordan said this week that the Raiders got "dominated" by the Baltimore Ravens
and let the San Diego Chargers "do whatever it is they want to do in our
stadium." Both times, he walked off the field "embarrassed."

Jordan directed the bulk of his wrath at the offence. The Raiders have yet to
score a touchdown, and they enter Sunday's game against the Cleveland Browns
with the NFL's worst-ranked offence in yards per game.

"Offensively, we've had three bye weeks," Jordan said. "We definitely haven't
shown up to play football. I'm calling the offence out. I'll say it: We need to
step up and play, every player -- offensive line, running backs, wide receivers,
quarterback. We all need to step up and play the game the way it's supposed to
be played."

The problems have been wide-ranging. The linemen haven't blocked well. There
have been four botched centre-quarterback exchanges. Wide receivers and tight
ends have dropped numerous passes. You name it.

The other common theme, Jordan said, is the Chargers and Ravens played the
physical brand of football promised by Raiders coach Art Shell but not delivered
by his players.

"They came out and hit us in the mouth, and they did it for 60 minutes," Jordan
said. "And we responded by retreating. I really don't think we came out there to
play football."

A rather harsh indictment, to be sure. Jordan calls it "the truth." Shell said
he welcomes Jordan's diatribe.

"It doesn't hurt," Shell said. "Everybody's aware of what has to be done, what
needs to be done. He's telling the guys that. He's not just telling [the media]
that."

Former Raiders receiver Tim Brown said last week that the Raiders lacked
leadership. Quarterback Andrew Walter said that Brown's assessment has some
merit.

The defence is doing its part, Jordan said. It's Oakland's "so-called
high-powered offence" that has misfired at every turn. That has nothing to do
with a lack of talent, he added. Oakland's offence has the ability to perform
well. But talk and potential only go so far.

Things won't change until the Raiders offence develops an attitude, he said. It
can't let other teams dictate the action.

"You can't just come out week after week and get hit in the mouth," Jordan said.
"At some point, you're going to have to start punching back. If I was a defence
coming to play the Raiders, the way we've looked on film, I'm coming out to have
a career day. Because that's what we've shown. It's the truth. And if we want
people to start saying positive things about us, we have to give them reasons."

Time is running out, he said. History bears that out. Only three teams that
started 0-3 since the playoffs were expanded in 1990 to include 12 teams from
each conference made it to the post-season.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 27, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Offenses pile up passing yards

BYLINE: Jim Corbett, USA TODAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 548 words


Expect  more no-huddle offensive blitzing as quarterbacks look to put reeling
defenses in  more of a bind.

There have been a record 34  passing performances of 300 yards or more this
season  after 11 quarterbacks topped  the mark Sunday. The previous high after
three weeks was 21 in 2009.

Teams are passing  58% of the time. That will continue with defenses  plagued by
missed tackles,  blown coverages in besieged secondaries and miscommunications.

Offenses are running more  through the likes of Tom Brady, Aaron Rodgers, Drew
Brees and others who  are empowered to make calls at the line of scrimmage and
get the ball out quick, dictating tempo  to  defenses.

"You're not letting the defense communicate is the biggest thing," Buffalo Bills
coach Chan Gailey said of the effects of the no-huddle offense. "They have a
hard time getting their calls,  their assignments (and)  substituting personnel
in down-and-distance situations."

Hall of Fame quarterback Warren Moon said  offenses were often bent on
exhausting defensive linemen in the early-season heat.

Brady operated from the no-huddle shotgun set 30 times when he threw for a
franchise-record 517 yards in his Week 1 scorching of the Miami Dolphins.

"Tom Brady runs the no-huddle as well as anybody," Moon said. "And a big reason
for his protection is the no-huddle and those defensive linemen are too tired.
We're going to see more teams doing it."

Vick's hand bruised: Michael Vick's injured right hand is bruised, not broken as
originally thought.

Philadelphia Eagles coach Andy Reid said a CT scan Monday showed the quarterback
bruised his hand in a 29-16 loss Sunday to the New York Giants. Reid said X-rays
taken during the game showed Vick might have had a fracture.

It's uncertain whether Vick, who throws left-handed, will play when the Eagles
host the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday.

Manning not done? Peyton Manning could be back on the practice field this season
if not an actual playing field. At a Super Bowl-related civic event Monday --
Indianapolis is the host city for Super Bowl XLVI in February -- Indianapolis
Colts owner Jim Irsay said his four-time MVP quarterback might return to
practice in December but that the team was focusing on Manning's availability
for the 2012 season.

Irsay later tweeted: "I didn't say Peyton out 4season FOR SURE,keeping him on
ActiveRoster n taking it month by month/Outside chance of return n December
possible"

Britt out for year: Kenny Britt seemed on the verge of a breakout year, but he
suffered a breakdown Sunday.

The Tennessee Titans confirmed Monday that Britt tore the anterior cruciate and
medial collateral ligaments  in his right knee and will miss the remainder of
the season.

"He's probably the most talented player on this team at any position," Tennessee
quarterback Matt Hasselbeck said. "He could be really special. I think he's
showed glimpses of that, and he was really on fire and off to a great start."

Britt seemed to be harnessing his vast potential this season, compiling 271
yards in the first two weeks, best in the AFC. He had three grabs for 18 yards
Sunday before he was injured.

This could also be bad news for Chris Johnson, who has 98 rushing yards on 46
attempts through three weeks (2.1 yards a carry) and  doesn't have Britt to keep
secondaries honest.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             October 3, 2005 Monday
                                  All Editions

UMaine clicks following loss;
Bears show strong all-around game, beat up Albany 31-7

BYLINE: PETE WARNER OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. C1

LENGTH: 869 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


Coming off an open date, the University of Maine football team had a full 14
days to come up with a response to its Sept. 17 loss to Richmond.

The Black Bears took their frustrations out on the University at Albany (N.Y.)
on Saturday night, dominating the Great Danes in a 31-7 victory in front of
5,734 fans at Fitzpatrick Stadium.

Coach Jack Cosgrove's Bears evened their record at 2-2 and established some
momentum heading into Saturday's Atlantic 10 game against defending national
champion James Madison in Harrisonburg, Va.

"We were together. We were focused and really, that first half, that's as good a
half as we could play," Cosgrove said.

While Albany (0-4) is a nonscholarship Division I-AA program, UMaine exhibited
no complacency.

The Bears' defense was outstanding, as usual, albeit against a dismal Albany
offense. Meanwhile, the offense was firing on all cylinders and the special
teams were sharp.

"Maine football's only going to be successful if the offense, defense, and
special teams are all feeding off each other and working together. I felt that
tonight," Cosgrove said.

The Danes offense mustered only 158 total yards, most of which came against the
Bears' backups in the fourth quarter. Joan Quezada and Jermaine Walker made five
tackles each as UMaine afforded Albany no first downs and 27 yards in the first
30 minutes.

The UMaine offense was sharp from the outset, getting its ground game going
early. Senior tailback Montell Owens rushed for a career-best 128 yards on 22
carries, with freshman fullback Wellington Talkpa helping the line punch out
some holes.

"As an offense, we were real pleased to find that consistency in the running
game with Montell and the O-line," said junior quarterback Ron Whitcomb, who
completed 17 of 25 passes for 191 yards and two scores and was intercepted once.

Senior wide receiver Kevin McMahan had another efficient outing, making eight
catches for 86 yards and a touchdown.

The special teams did their part. Anthony Hicks and Alex Goyins each blocked a
punt to set up scores, while speedster Arel Gordon set a UMaine record with his
third career punt return for a touchdown.

Sophomore place-kicker Bobby Donnelly of Westbrook booted his first career field
goal, a 35-yarder in the second quarter.

The Bears broke a scoreless tie late in the first quarter after Hicks swatted
down a Marc Pollozzi punt and Goyins recovered at the Albany 20-yard line. Three
plays later, McMahan caught a Whitcomb pass over the middle that was tipped by a
defender for an 11-yard TD.

UMaine needed four plays to score again. Whitcomb's 20-yard pass to Ryan Waller
set up a 22-yard touchdown throw to Gordon in the end zone. Donnelly's PAT made
it 14-0 with 36.3 seconds to play in the quarter.

The Bears followed with a 16-play, 62-yard march that consumed eight minutes, 20
seconds. Donnelly capped it with a line-drive 35-yard field goal.

Moments later, after Albany's fifth consecutive three-and-out possession, Goyins
burst through and blocked a punt, giving UMaine the ball at the A-30.

Whitcomb and McMahan hooked up three times for 21 yards to set up Talkpa's first
collegiate TD, a 1-yard dive with 18.7 seconds left in the half.

The Bears forged a 23:17 to 6:43 time of possession advantage in the first half
alone.

"I think it was more of an attitude and kind of a gut check or a look in the
mirror," Whitcomb said of the offensive mindset. "We've got to execute; we've
got to do things right; we've got to come out and establish what we're going to
do in this game and that's what we did early."

Gordon assured the momentum would stay with UMaine early in the third quarter.
He snared a Pollozzi punt at his own 44, shot into a lane along the right side
and raced untouched 57 yards for a score.

"It was just a low one and I came up and ran under it," Gordon said. "I knew
that if everybody stayed on their block for just that quick count that I could
make something happen."

The Bears threatened one more time, driving 76 yards on 14 plays while chewing
up six minutes. However, Donnelly missed a 31-yard field-goal try.

Albany scored against UMaine's reserves with 7:48 left when Marcus Allen ran it
in from 3 yards out.


BLACK BEARS 31, GREAT DANES 7

   Albany 0-4 0 0 0 0 -  7
   Maine 2-2 14 10 7 0 - 31

M - McMahan 11 pass from Whitcomb (Donnelly kick)

M - Gordon 22 pass from Whitcomb (Donnelly kick)

M - Donnelly 35 field goal

M - Talkpa 1 run (Donnelly kick)

M - Gordon 57 punt return (Donnelly kick)

A - Allen 3 run (Wood kick)

    Albany Maine
   First downs 10 25
   Rushing att.-yards 27- 83 45-210
   Passing comp.-att. 12-26 20-31
   Passing yards 75 214
   Total yards 158 424
   Punts-avg. 10-16.9 3-34.7
   Fumbles-lost 0-0 0-0
   Intercepted by 1 0
   Penalties-yards 3-25 10-95

Rushing

Albany: Allen 9-36, Williams 8-24, Bocanegra 4-10, Beigel 3-9, Hall 2-4, Marzano
1-0; Maine: Owens 22-128, Pearson 8-25, Whitcomb 4-20, Allen 3-17, Legree 4-12,
Talkpa 4-8

PassingAlbany: Hall 10-21-0-57, Bocanegra 2-5-0-8; Maine: Whitcomb 17-25-1-191,
Legree 3-6-0-23

Receiving

Albany: DeAraujo 5-35, Story 2-16, Wililams 2-11, Allen 2-0, Wall 1-13; Maine:
McMahan 8-86, Waller 3-35, Gordon 2-37, Salomon 1-19, Catrone 1-10, Radulski
1-8, Whitcomb 1-8, Fersner 1-6, Pearson 1-3, Allen 1-2

A- 5,734

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             January 7, 2011 Friday

EVERYTHING JUST DUCK-Y IN OREGON

BYLINE: LENN ROBBINS

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 549 words


GLENDALE, Ariz. -  From 1963 until 1989 the Oregon Ducks did not play in a bowl
game -  unless you count the game that came to be known as the "Toilet Bowl."

In that regular-season game, the Ducks and rival Oregon State Beavers,
pedestrian football programs slogging away in the Pacific Northwest, fought to a
0-0 tie on a rain-soaked field in 1983.

There were 11 fumbles, five interceptions and four missed field goals.

Flush.

Flush the past. Flush the snobs from the Big Ten. Flush the fanatics from the
SEC, who think Pac-10 football is barely a step up from eight-man football.

This is the new Oregon, the undefeated Oregon (12-0) that will square off
against undefeated Auburn (13-0) in Monday night's BCS National Championship
game.

Bolstered by coach Chip Kelly's trillion gigabyte-speed offense known as "The
Blue," and backed by Phil Knight's Nike trillions, Oregon is positioned to be a
force in college football for years to come.

"It's an exciting time to be here," Kelly said on a recent trip to New York.
"It's special."

"They [the fans] went 25 years between bowl games," Kelly added. "Now the Oregon
through my eyes, I've been there four years and we've won 41 games. I've always
considered Oregon a have, not a have-not."

"O," the Ducks have it. About four years ago Knight, an Oregon alumnus, donated
$100 million to the athletic department.

That money helped secure funding to foot the $200 million price tag for a new
basketball arena the Matthew Knight Arena, named after Knight's son who died in
a 2007 scuba diving accident.

The football program got its Nike-mas present in December when the university
announced construction of a six-story, L-shaped football operations building,
and Phil and Penny Knight are footing the bill.

"O," the Ducks offense has it. Kelly's laser-beam offense, a whirlwind of plays
signaled in by giant placards with four seemingly random images, has made Knight
feel good about his contributions.

"It's the most entertaining offense in college football," he told The Post after
a win at USC.

Kelly's offense averaged a nation's-best 49.3 points per game this season. Its
two most potent players, running back LaMichael James and quarterback Darron
Thomas, are not from California, the Ducks most fertile recruiting ground, but
from Texas.

With players from Arizona, California, Florida, Hawaii, Iowa and Oregon, the
Ducks currently have the nation's seventh-ranked recruiting class, according to
Rivals.com.

"We have a name that I think people recognize," Kelly said. "We have an offense
and a defense that I think people are excited to play in because our kids have
fun."

There's no reason to believe Oregon will not remain a hot address. The
facilities are poised to be among the nation's best. The offense lures recruits
like the Arizona weather attracts retirees.

With Nike's Beaverton headquarters located just down the road from Oregon's
Eugene campus, the Ducks enjoy the nation's coolest and most versatile uniforms.
There are 80 uniform combinations highlighted by "Duck Wings," an anti-abrasion
laminate reinforcement, on the shoulder pads.

Angry Birds is the hottest game app, and the Ducks are the hottest team.

"When you walk in wearing the 'O' on your shirt," Kelly said of recruiting,
"people know who you are."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BIG 'O': Darron Thomas and the Ducks' high-flying offense is a big
reason why Oregon is squaring off against Auburn for the BCS National
Championship on Monday. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

No-huddle a surprise in Rams offense

BYLINE:  By Jim Thomas  St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 906 words


In their 2013 season opener against visiting Arizona, the Rams trailed 24-13
near the end of the third quarter. With time of the essence, the Rams went to a
no-huddle, hurry-up offense and rallied behind quarterback Sam Bradford for a
27-24 victory.

The following week in Atlanta, the hole was even deeper. Trailing 24-3 in the
third quarter, the Rams went no-huddle once again and made a game of it before
falling 31-24 to the Falcons.

The next day, coach Jeff Fisher was asked about the no-huddle. Bradford seemed
comfortable running it, the offense was productive. Was it something the Rams
might consider running with regularity?

Fisher needed only one word for his answer.

"No," he replied.

End of discussion. To a large degree, the no-huddle was put in mothballs - until
Sunday, that is, against the Cleveland Browns.

With the offense in the doldrums, the Rams surprisingly went no-huddle, up-tempo
on their first possession of the third quarter. They used it the majority of the
time on three drives in the second half, and that helped the Rams expand a 10-6
lead into a 24-6 victory at the Edward Jones Dome.

"We just needed to change some things up," Fisher said. "Try to get some more
snaps. It worked."

So a version of the 2013 question was dusted off and asked again. Given that
success, is the no-huddle something we'll see again from the Rams this season?

"Probably never, ever, see it again," Fisher said sarcastically.

OK, that wasn't really a "no." Obviously, coaches never want to tip their hand.
But coaches also never say never.

And in Nick Foles, the Rams certainly have a quarterback well-versed in the
hurry-up, particularly from his days running the Chip Kelly mile-a-minute
offense in Philadelphia.

"I love it," Foles said. "I have a big history in it. It's what I did in
college, high school, even in Philly. So I love the offense we're playing. I
think it's great to be able to do that. I think it really helps open things up
and creates a rhythm. So it was fun to go out there and do that."

Rhythm, not to mention yardage and first downs, is something that has been
sorely lacking in the Rams' 31st-ranked offense.

"Yeah, it's just a way to try to show 'em something a little different," Foles
said. "Just try to go fast and put pressure on a defense and get some rhythm
going."

The first series going no-huddle against the Browns resulted in the missed
35-yard field goal by Greg Zuerlein. The second series produced the 1-yard
touchdown run by Todd Gurley and included big chunks of yardage in the form of a
26-yard pass interference call against the Browns and a 41-yard reception by
Kenny Britt. The third series ended in a three-and-out and included only one
no-huddle play.

During his Wednesday media session offensive coordinator Frank Cignetti
indicated that the switch to the no-huddle Sunday was a spur-of-the-moment
decision.

"That's something that just came up," Cignetti said. " 'Hey, what do you think
about maybe going no-huddle and giving us a spark?' "Obviously, at that time, it
was the right thing to do."

By all accounts, it was Foles' idea.

"Nick is trying to change the culture a little bit, and I'm happy that we are
playing it," left tackle Greg Robinson said. "He was even pushing us and
encouraging us to just finish, you know what I'm saying? While you're doing it,
you're like, 'Man, I don't really want to do this,' but it'll pay off at the
end."

The 332-pounder added with a chuckle, "Hopefully, the cardio will help me work
on my physique a little bit."

There you go - a side benefit to the no-huddle.

Letting Foles run the up-tempo style is a show of confidence by the coaching
staff. Decisions have to be made quicker, and there's generally more
responsibility on the quarterback. Then again, the Rams' philosophy under
Cignetti is to give the quarterback some leeway running the offense.

"Well, we talk about the quarterback runs the offense," Cignetti said. "Whether
we huddle or whether we're in no-huddle, he runs the offense. He has the ability
to keep us out of a bad play-call."

Foles did nothing running the no-huddle to lessen that confidence.

"The adjustments were good," Fisher said. "(Foles) got together with the offense
and said, 'These are the things we're going to do. Let's go do it.' He did it.
So yeah, it's good. I mean, we work on it. It's a two-minute offense. We work on
it in practice."

As long as the offense doesn't change personnel, it is next to impossible for a
defense to bring in fresh legs while defending a no-huddle. It can wear out a
defense, especially if it's stuck with more of its big bodies on the field, such
as its run-defense personnel.

With his overall conservative offensive approach, it's hard to imagine a
Fisher-coached team making extensive use of the no-huddle. But with the Rams
groping for answers to get more production and more consistency on offense, the
no-huddle could become part of Cignetti's bag of tricks. An occasional cattle
prod, if you will, to get things going.

"We evaluate it every week based on the opponent we play," Cignetti said.

"It's a week-to-week thing," Foles said. "Last week, we just sort of switched it
up. We needed to get something going. This week we're going to run our offense
and see where it goes."

If nothing else, it gives San Francisco this week, and every other opponent the
Rams face the remainder of the season, something else to prepare for and
something else to think about.

> Noon Sunday vs. San Francisco, KTVI (2)

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  St. Louis Rams quarterback Nick Foles scrambles during the second
quarter of an NFL football game against the Cleveland Browns, Sunday, Oct. 25,
2015, in St. Louis. (AP Photo/Billy Hurst)  St. Louis Rams running back Todd
Gurley leaps over Cleveland Browns defensive back K'Waun Williams on a 14-yard
run in second quarter action during a game between the St. Louis Rams and the
Cleveland Browns on Sunday, Oct. 25, 2015, at the Edward Jones Dome in St.
Louis. Photo by Chris Lee, clee@post-dispatch.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

              September 18, 1996, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
California castration law signed

BYLINE: From our news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 05A

LENGTH: 770 words


Gov. Pete Wilson signed a law Tuesday making California the first state to
require chemical castration of repeat child molesters. Similar efforts this year
failed to become law in Texas, Massachusetts and Wisconsin. California's bill
won final legislative approval last month.

Under the measure, molesters who commit a second crime against a child younger
than 13 must receive weekly injections of the drug Depo- Provera, which dampens
sexual desire. Offenders could choose to be surgically castrated instead under
the law, which takes effect Jan. 1. Unlike surgical castration, the injections
wear off.

Backers cited the experience of European countries where the procedure is used,
saying the repeat-offender rate dropped from almost 100 percent to just 2
percent. The American Civil Liberties Union has called the procedure barbaric,
and therapists and other experts have questioned its effectiveness, saying that
some child molesters are driven not by sexual desire but by a need for power and
control.

ACCIDENTS Sinkhole death

A 12-year-old Michigan girl was killed on her walk to school, crushed by a slab
of concrete sidewalk when she and two companions fell into a sinkhole that
opened up beneath their feet. Twijuana Floyd's companions were quickly rescued
after the 7:15 a.m. accident, but the seventh-grader's body was not recovered
until an hour later, after a crane removed the collapsed sidewalk slabs,
officials in Benton Harbor said. Public safety director David Walker said the
7-to 8-foot-deep sinkhole apparently formed after heavy rains undercut the
sidewalk about 20 feet from a bridge spanning a creek.

CRIME Sting operation

For a year and a half, one of New Jersey's biggest stolen property fencing
operations was really run by the FBI. The agency closed its sting operation
after recovering $ 38 million in goods. Arrest warrants were issued Tuesday for
84 people in New Jersey and 11 other states, including Georgia. The
19-month-long storefront operation, called B&B Wholesale, pulled in everything
from margarine to a backhoe, said Special Agent Barry Mawn.

Killer executed

Mass murderer Raymond Lee Stewart, who said he wanted to spend his final hours
with a man facing death like himself, was executed by lethal injection in
Springfield, Ill., early today, after a visit from terminally ill Cardinal
Joseph Bernardin of Chicago, who is dying of cancer. Stewart, 44, was put to
death for a 1981 rampage that took six lives. Bernardin spent about an hour
inside the prison, praying with Stewart and reading from the Bible. "He
expressed sorrow for the crimes he committed," said the cardinal, who also sent
a letter to the victims' families expressing his condolences.

COURTS Crazy Horse ban lifted

A Minnesota law banning the use of the name Crazy Horse for malt liquor violates
the First Amendment right to free speech, an appeals court ruled. The state
Court of Appeals said the Legislature failed to explain why its 1994 law barring
only American Indian names protects the public. The law is "impermissibly
content-based, and, therefore, invalid," the court held. Minnesota banned Crazy
Horse Malt Liquor in late 1995, following protests from American Indian leaders
and the estate of Crazy Horse, a revered 19th-century Oglala war chief who
opposed the use of alcohol by his people. The law allowed the state to reject or
revoke registration of a malt liquor brand if it states or implies a false or
misleading connection with an actual American Indian leader, living or dead.

ETC. Condom ads on TV

Television stations in Chico, Calif., and Seattle have begun to run paid condom
advertising, breaking ranks with other broadcast outlets that generally refuse
such commercials. The 60-second ad, which shows a computer-animated skeleton
citing the reasons he never used condoms, has been running for a year on cable's
MTV and Comedy Central networks but was rejected by the major networks and about
40 TV stations.

ATM jackpot

Remember the Monopoly game card that read, "Bank error in your favor, collect $
200"? It really happened in Atlantic City, the city that inspired the board
game. An automated teller machine in a casino began spitting out $ 100 bills
instead of $ 20s. But authorities warned that those who keep the money might
need a "Get out of jail free" card. Customers lined up as the PNC Bank machine
at the Grand mistakenly surrendered an estimated $ 85,000 over several hours
Thursday night and Friday morning. Casino employees were among those cashing in.
Hotel security staffers finally shut down the machine.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This story was archived from the Sports Final edition of The Atlanta
Constitution.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 14, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

More states crack down on texting while driving

BYLINE: Kara Rose, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 477 words


Police nationwide are issuing a growing number of tickets for texting while
driving as more states make the practice a primary offense and become aggressive
in cracking down.

Governors Highway Safety Association (GHSA) spokesman Jonathan Adkins says 31 of
the 34 states with text messaging bans, as well as Washington, D.C., have made
texting while driving a primary offense, allowing police to pull drivers over
for that specific offense. California and New York are among them, as is Maine,
where the law went into effect last month.

Nine states made texting while driving a primary offense in 2010, and four more
have done so this year, including Nevada, which will issue warnings until the
law is in full effect Jan. 1, 2012, Adkins said. "With any highway-safety law,
primary is the most effective," he said.

Adkins says there isn't a national database on texting citations, but many
states and counties keep track. Chris Murphy, director of the California Office
of Traffic Safety,  said California had 7,924 texting convictions in 2010 --
almost tripling the 2,845 citations issued in 2009, the year it made texting and
driving a primary offense.

Chris Cochran, assistant director of marketing and public affairs at the
California agency, said that increase was probably due to the law being in its
second year and more law enforcement agencies becoming aware of and active in
enforcement.

He said he wouldn't be surprised if 2011 saw even greater growth, due to
statewide enforcement and a public awareness campaign that kicked off in April.

New York made texting and driving a primary offense in July.  The Department of
Motor Vehicles reports it had issued 4,634 tickets this year through
mid-September, exceeding the 3,248 issued in all of 2010.

"When the seat belt laws first went into effect -- very few people actually
buckled up. Now seat belt compliance is over 90%," New York DMV spokeswoman
Jackie McGinnis said. "With increased education and enforcement, we look forward
to the day when compliance with the hand-held device laws will be at the same
level as seat belt use."

Washington, the first state to enact a texting-while-driving law in January
2008, according to Adkins, reported 857 tickets in 2010, the first year it was a
primary offense, up from 507 in 2009 and 242 in 2008.

Lt. Marcia Harnden of Washington's Bellevue Police Department called texting law
enforcement a "transition."

"We actually put ourselves in close proximity to the cars," Harnden said. "A lot
of times (the phone is) down on their lap or down on the steering wheel ...
people are so distracted that they don't even realize we are right there."

A study released in July by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
showed texting while driving decreased in Hartford, Conn., and Syracuse, N.Y.,
with increased education and enforcement  from April 2010 to April 2011.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Frank Pompa, USA TODAY (Map)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     October 24, 2005 Monday Metro Edition

When will 'd' be fun to watch?

BYLINE: By ERIC HANSEN; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1; ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 1125 words


SOUTH BEND -- Tom Zbikowski admitted it's nearly impossible not to peek, to get
a glimpse at what the X's and O's in Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis' mind look
like as they glide down the field.

"It's fun to watch them," the ND junior safety said of the Irish offense, which
had its most prolific scoring performance at Notre Dame Stadium in eight seasons
Saturday in a 49-23 conquest of Brigham Young (3-4). "I stand up on the bench."

The Irish defensive unit, of which Zbikowski is a part, also seems to keep
people standing, or at least sitting on the edge of their seats. But for
different reasons.

"We need to improve on our consistency," Irish defensive end Victor Abiamiri
assessed. "I think sometimes we play one or two plays pretty good, but then we
give up a long pass or something. I think getting off the field is real key for
us."

Saturday, due to Weis' quick-strike offensive game plan, the defense ended up on
the field more than usual. The BYU game marked the first time this season that
ND didn't control time of possession with its offense (33:39 to 26:21) and the
first time this season that the opposition ran more offensive plays (79 to 64).

"I think they were up and down," Weis said of the Irish defense's performance
Saturday in which the Irish yielded 317 of BYU's 392 offensive yards through the
air. "There were times when BYU was moving the ball, pretty much at will. But I
think in the first half, there must have been half a dozen third-down stops.
Even after they scored some in the second half, it still came down to (the fact
that) we were able to get off the field. When it's all said and done, they score
23 points. As wide open as their offense is, that's not a bad number."

But is a unit that ranks 97th in total defense -- ND's lowest ranking in that
category since 1956 -- good enough to win a Bowl Championship Series game? Is it
good enough to keep from derailing ND's quest to reach the BCS?

Let's take the second question first. Here's how the Irish size up against the
remainder of their schedule

Tennessee (3-3)

Nov. 5 at ND Stadium

Claim to fame:  Came from behind to defeat LSU in Baton Rouge, 30-27 in
overtime.

Claim to infamy:  Sports the nation's 105th-best scoring offense out of 117 Div.
I-A teams.

How they match up:  Tennessee's 3-3 overall record and 2-3 mark in the SEC East
is a direct reflection on a disappointing offense and one of the nation's worst
teams in turnover margin (95th) and field position (99th net punting, 93rd punt
returns, 106th kickoff returns).

The reason Tennessee was a preseason Top 5 team and still remains in the Top 25
(No. 23 AP) is its defense. The Volunteers will be the best defense by far (13th
in total defense) the Irish face during the regular season. And Tennessee is
good across the board -- against the run, against the pass, scoring defense and
even when its offense puts it in horrible field-position situations.

Strategy:  Look for Irish defensive coordinator Rick Minter to play
conservatively against the Vols. Stop the run, give the receivers plenty of
cushion and don't let them get behind you. Count on the offense to win the
turnover and field-position battles. Even if the offense has an off-day, the
defense won't likely have to win this game.

Navy (4-2)

Nov. 12 at ND Stadium

Claim to fame:  Brings a four-game winning streak into Saturday's game at
Rutgers.

Claim to infamy:  Lost to Stanford (41-38) the week before the Cardinal fell to
Cal Davis.

How they match up:  Typical Navy offense -- strong in the rushing game, pass
only when it absolutely has to. Very well-coached. Return game doesn't help, nor
does turnover margin. Defense is in the middle of the pack, but hasn't faced
anything like the Irish offense.

Strategy:  Stopping the option and all its wrinkles is the defense's No. 1 job.
This would be a difficult game for the Irish D to lose, given the lack of
big-play potential in the Navy offense and given a favorable matchup by the
Irish offense. But Navy will try to control the ball on offense, shorten the
game and hope for a plus differential in turnovers, just as ND did against USC.

Syracuse (1-6)

Nov. 19 at ND Stadium

Claim to fame:  Played West Virginia (15-7) and Virginia tough (27-24) in
losses.

Claim to infamy:  Got raked by Rutgers 31-9.

How they match up:  Syracuse is the worst offense the Irish will see this season
-- ranking no higher than 88th in any offensive statistical category.
Defensively, Syracuse is better than average and actually one of the better pass
defenses (24th) the Irish will face.

Strategy:  A good confidence game for the Irish defense. The Irish need to bring
pressure and can afford to gamble a bit in this game. The offense will take care
of business.

Stanford (4-2)

Nov. 26 at Stanford Stadium

Claim to fame:  Has won three in a row, including a 45-35 throttling of Arizona
State.

Claim to infamy:  Lost to Cal Davis.

How they match up:  Stanford scores at a much better clip (51st) than any of its
other offensive rankings would suggest (no better than 82nd in any of them).
Strong field position and turnover margin help out there.

Strategy:  Again, don't get beat deep, get tough in the red zone, don't take too
many chances defensively. Let the offense win the game. Just don't lose it.

BCS

Jan. 2 or 3 at Fiesta Bowl or Orange Bowl

Possible opponents:  Virginia Tech, Texas Tech, UCLA, Alabama, Penn State, Ohio
State, Miami (Fla.)

What's in store : All of these teams are vastly more complete than what remains
on ND's regular-season schedule and some are more complete than even No. 1 USC.
The teams that are flawed offensively (Penn State, Alabama, Ohio State, Miami,
Virginia Tech) have a greater ability to cause problems for ND's offense than
anyone the Irish have seen or will see during the regular season. Texas Tech is
imbalanced offensively (leaning heavily on the pass), but still ranks No. 2
nationally in total offense. The Red Raiders are largely untested defensively,
though, with Florida International, Sam Houston State and Indiana State among
their victims. UCLA is similar to the Irish in statistical makeup and could
produce a game in the 50s if the two were to match up.

Prognosis:  The Irish defense can still hang its hat on red-zone turnovers (7)
and third-down defense. The Irish rank 19th nationally in that category (30.5
percent), and only Pittsburgh among Irish opponents (.280) is better.

Its philosophy of keeping big plays in front of it and letting the offense win
games will continue, but to win a BCS game, the Irish defense must improve, most
get more pressure from its front seven, must take a few more gambles.

It's time for a young unit to grow up.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Notre Dame left tackle Trevor Laws sacks BYU quarterback John Beck
Saturday.   Tribune Photo/MARCUS MARTER

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday
                              THU REGIONAL Edition

Talk about transition game

BYLINE: Mike Brohard

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 547 words


FORT COLLINS The curious looks are expected.

The raised eyebrows. The confusion people seem to have about the decisions he
has made. Especially the last one.

Austin Apodaca fully understands. More important, he is perfectly happy with his
winding road through college football.

The kid who grew up a throwing quarterback is now running the triple option at
New Mexico (6 4, 4 2 Mountain West).

"The biggest thing for me is everywhere I've been, it's been a journey," said
Apodaca, a former standout at Silver Creek High School in Longmont. "I just
trusted I'm going to be in the right spot and good things will happen if I work
hard and continue to get better. I took kind of that leap of faith, because it
was. It was hard to go from Silver Creek's offense, Washington State's offense,
Mesa's offense (in Arizona) where I threw it 45 times a game to here. It was
definitely a leap of faith, and I trusted it and I trusted it would work."

There really is no bigger change for a quarterback than going from the air raid
offense to one that takes the air out of the ball.

At Silver Creek, he threw for 6,216 yards and 69 touchdowns running the Raptors'
offense under the guidance of his coach and father, Mike. Before his senior year
started, he had committed to Washington State. A month after that season ended,
there was a coaching change at WSU, with Mike Leach taking over the helm.

Apodaca redshirted, then was the primary backup, throwing 42 passes that season.
He was the Cougars' holder the last time Colorado State played in Albuquerque,
in the 2013 New Mexico Bowl. Saturday at University Stadium, the Rams will see
him again as part of the Lobos' quarterback rotation.

Apodaca left WSU, saying the lines of communication had deteriorated and he
never felt like he knew exactly where he stood week to week, leading to his
transfer to Mesa Community College near Phoenix. Again, he was throwing the ball
to the tune of 2,534 yards and 27 touchdowns.

He had one more decision to make, and with only two years left, it was his last
one. Vanderbilt was a finalist and the safer choice for the systems he had run.

Instead, he chose New Mexico, leaning toward a relationship he had built with
coach Bob Davie as a prep.

"He's a heck of a kid. He came here knowing what we were on offense," Davie
said. "He came here knowing it wasn't the exact fit. He had an opportunity to go
to some BCS schools, but he felt strong enough about the program, he felt
confident enough in his abilities and this is the place he wanted to be because
of the people, so I've got tremendous respect for him."

The three , five and seven step drops Apodaca has taken all his life are nothing
but muscle memory. But an option quarterback has completely different footwork.
That and a magician's sleight of hand were new teaching.

It has all fascinated Apodaca since he arrived early for spring drills.

"Here, there's so many complexities about the footwork, carrying out your fakes,
reading the D end or the linebacker or whoever your read keys are," Apodaca
explained. "At Washington State, Silver Creek and even Mesa, I was just handing
the ball off. That's the biggest transition I had here.

"It's been a lot of fun. Just me learning every single day, new things I can
kind of get down and tendencies I see, it's fun."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Quarterback Austin Apodaca, formerly a star at Silver Creek High School
in Longmont, left his comfort zone of "air raid" offenses to direct New Mexico's
running game. Otto Kitsinger, The Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 9, 2012 Monday
                                 Drive Edition

Freeman loves challenge of offensive line ;
SUPER 30;
MIDWEST CITY LINEMAN WITH MULTIPLE COLLEGE OFFERS PREFERS OFFENSE TO DEFENSE
BECAUSE IT 'NEVER GETS OLD'

BYLINE: Scott Wright

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; Scott Wright; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: MIDWEST CITY


THE OKLAHOMAN'S SUPER 30

No. 14: Carlos Freeman

-> Name: Carlos Freeman

-> School: Midwest City

-> Height: 6-3

-> Weight: 295

-> Position: Offensive line

-> Offers: Utah State and Dartmouth, with interest from Missouri, Tulsa,
Arkansas State, Colorado State, Iowa State and New Mexico.

MIDWEST CITY - If you surveyed high school linemen, many of them would tell you
they prefer defense, because it's more fun.

Carlos Freeman, Midwest City's 6-foot-3, 295-pound senior, would agree that the
defensive line is more fun - but that's exactly why he prefers offense.

"Defense is more fun, but offense is a lot harder," he said. "It's more of a
challenge, and there's always something new. There's always a different guy to
block. Maybe he's bigger or smaller or faster or better than me. Defense gets
old for me, but offense never gets old."

Freeman, No. 14 on The Oklahoman's Super 30 list, will face plenty of challenges
as the left tackle for the Bombers, and college will present even more. He has
scholarship offers from Utah State and Dartmouth so far, with interest from
programs like Missouri, Iowa State, Tulsa and Arkansas State, among others.

But most college coaches project him as an interior lineman.

"I want to be our left tackle this season. Our quarterback, Joel Davis, has been
my friend since kindergarten, and I want to do my best to protect him so he
doesn't get hit from the backside," Freeman said. "But colleges see me as a
center or guard. They tell me I move pretty well, which is important. I've been
working on my snaps a lot, because that's something that you have to practice."

Freeman gets extra practice on snaps as the center for Midwest City's 7-on-7
team, which will be competing in the Red Bull Game Breakers national finals
Thursday and Friday in Dallas.

The timing of the event was perfect for Freeman, who will stay in the DFW area
an extra day to attend a lineman camp at TCU. He also has camps coming up at
Arkansas State and either Iowa State or Kansas State in the next few weeks.

The offseason has been a roller coaster for Freeman, who missed some time after
surgery to repair a torn meniscus suffered at the state wrestling tournament.

Not knowing he had suffered the tear, Freeman finished the tournament, finishing
third. Then next week, he took fourth at state in powerlifting. Then he went to
get the knee checked out and learned he needed surgery.

He came back from his time off at 310 pounds, and only had a couple of days to
work out before a camp at Tulsa. The knee wasn't a problem, but he felt he was
out of shape, so he has been focused on getting his body back in condition.

"I was 310 about four weeks ago, and I'm trying to get back down to about 290,"
he said. "I'm at 295 right now, and I'm a lot stronger than I was last year. I
feel a lot more comfortable now. This is the easiest weight for me to hit guys
and do some damage."

Still, speed is his biggest focus as he tries to prepare himself for the next
level.

"Speed and explosion, the same things I've been focused on forever," he said. "I
want to be able to move better laterally. It's tough with a running back running
a 4.4 (40-yard dash) and a lineman running a 5.0. I'm always telling our running
back, Qualon Johnson, that I'm trying to get faster for him.

"I'm trying to make it where I can be the best in whatever position coaches want
to put me in."


LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Carlos Freeman
Midwest City lineman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 30, 1998, Wednesday, Final Edition

The Longest Yard Is Into End Zone; Offense Has the Numbers, but Mistakes Keep It
From Getting the Points

Mark Maske, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1146 words



Only three NFL teams have generated more yards per game on offense this season
than the Washington Redskins. The Redskins have a wide receiver, Michael
Westbrook, who is leading the league in receiving yards. They have a running
back, Terry Allen, who is running the ball as hard and as well as he ever has.
They have a quarterback, Trent Green, who has demonstrated an ability to lead
his team up and down the field.

That doesn't mean, however, that the Redskins are getting the job done on
offense. When the Redskins dissect their 0-4 beginning, they can divide the
blame relatively equally among their offense, defense and special teams. The
offense has made far too many mistakes to turn its yardage production into
sufficient points, and has put the team's defense in a position to fail far too
often.

"The production, in terms of guys making plays and moving the ball in the first
halves of our games, is as good as we've had around here in a long time,"
Redskins Coach Norv Turner said. "Terry Allen is running hard. He's really
running the ball well. Michael Westbrook is making plays. But we're not turning
it into points. And obviously if you're not scoring points, you're not going to
win."

The Redskins expected their defense to carry the bulk of the load this season,
and hoped that their offense simply could do enough to win when they held their
opponents in check. Against that backdrop, the Redskins' ability to move the
ball has been a pleasant surprise for them.

They have outgained their opponents by 102 yards. Their average of 376 yards per
game ranks behind only the San Francisco 49ers, New York Jets and Denver Broncos
on the league's total offense ledger.

Westbrook at last is turning his promise into results. He is the first Redskins
receiver to have three straight 100-yard games since Gary Clark in 1987, and he
is averaging an eye-catching 24.6 yards per reception. Allen, even at age 30 and
with bad knees, is averaging 4.7 yards per rushing attempt and is on pace for a
1,356-yard season -- which would just break the team record of 1,353 he set in
1996. Green has averaged 261 passing yards per game, and he didn't even start
the Redskins' season-opening loss to the New York Giants. He ranks third in the
league in passing yards, behind only Green Bay's Brett Favre and San Francisco's
Steve Young.

Yet even with all of that, the Redskins have produced a modest 16 points per
game. They have been undone by mistakes. They have committed a dozen turnovers
and have yielded 18 sacks. They have had two touchdowns and a field goal wiped
off the scoreboard by penalties.

The Redskins have surrendered the most points -- 138 -- in the league. But even
that largely is the offense's fault. Redskins quarterbacks have had two
interceptions returned for touchdowns. Their opponents have scored 43 percent of
their points -- 59 -- off turnovers.

"We go along for three or four plays . . . and play pretty good, play pretty
good and make a play . . . and then, bang, we make one of those mistakes and
that really hurts us," Turner said. "We're running the ball. We're moving the
ball. And to have that kind of production and not get points out of it, that's
frustrating."

Turner and his assistant coaches met yesterday at Redskin Park to discuss
possible changes for Sunday's game against the Dallas Cowboys at Jack Kent Cooke
Stadium. Among the possibilities on offense are getting some playing time for
rookie running back Skip Hicks and getting rookie tight end Stephen Alexander
more involved in the passing attack.

How much Hicks should be used seemingly has been a subject for debate between
the team's front office and its coaching staff since training camp. General
Manager Charley Casserly said during the preseason that there would come a point
this year when it would be difficult to keep Hicks off the field. Turner,
meanwhile, played down the chances of Hicks being a major contributor early in
the season. Hicks has been on the Redskins' inactive list for all four games.

Alexander had three catches in Sunday's 38-16 loss to the Broncos after totaling
three catches in the Redskins' first three games. He still is learning how to
block. But he has size, speed and agility, and he gives the Redskins another
down-the-field threat to go with wide receivers Westbrook and Leslie Shepherd.

But the prospective changes being discussed are tinkering rather than
overhauling. Turner is sticking with Green at quarterback -- and leaving Gus
Frerotte on the bench -- even though Green has an 0-3 record as the starter and
threw two interceptions and had three of the Redskins' four fumbles against
Denver.

Green, in terms of experience, essentially is a rookie, and he has made enough
mistakes for the Redskins to know they can lose with him. But they also believe
he has made enough positive plays that they can win with him if they improve in
other facets of the game. Frerotte essentially is a stationary target in the
pocket, and the Redskins are afraid that the offensive line's pass-protection
problems would be magnified with Frerotte at the helm. Green had Broncos
defenders in his face on both of his interceptions Sunday, and two of his
fumbles came on sacks.

"I think Trent is making plays," Turner said. "He's giving us a chance to move
the football. He's giving us a chance to score some points. The mobility is a
big issue right now."

The Redskins' best offensive lineman, left guard Tre Johnson, had a
mistake-filled performance against the Broncos on the heels of a string of good
outings. Allen has fumbled in three consecutive games.

The Redskins have had to abandon Allen's running in the second halves of games
because they have been outscored 56-10 in the third quarter this season. When
they have turned exclusively to the pass, opposing defenses have blitzed the
Redskins into submission. The only answer, the Redskins know, is to find a way
to craft a complete performance from start to finish.

"Everybody is embarrassed by what's happening," Shepherd said. "You can't keep
doing the same thing every week. We've played some good teams. . . . But we have
to play better than this."

Redskins Notes: Turner, who met into the evening with his assistants, refused to
tip his hand yesterday about the lineup changes being contemplated. Jamel
Williams probably will supplant Leomont Evans as the starting strong safety in
place of injured Jesse Campbell, and Turner has indicated that he may replace a
few youngsters with veterans on special teams.


Tomorrow: The defense

Unlike opponents, Redskins can't seem to reach end zone. On Sunday, Terrell
Davis did it in 3rd quarter, when Washington has been outscored 56-10. The
Redskins have given up 18 sacks, but quarterback Trent Green, above, has
replaced Gus Frerotte as starter partially because he's more mobile.



LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, rich lipski; Photo, john mcdonnell

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 23, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

FOOTBALL;
Giants' Offense Conservative? Answer Is Yes, No or Depends

BYLINE: By FRANK LITSKY,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 31; Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 637 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Nov. 22


The numbers back up what many frustrated fans have pointed out for 11 weeks: The
Giants' passing game seems to have gone on sabbatical.

This season, the Giants have passed for only 5 touchdowns, the fewest of the 28
teams in the National Football League. They rank 26th in passing yardage with
170.5 a game, leading only the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (157.7) and the Phoenix
Cardinals (170).

The Giants (6-5) still hope for a wild-card playoff berth, and they should help
themselves when they play the Bucs (2-9) on Sunday in Tampa, Fla.

The Giants' low passing figures are a result of their conservative offense,
which emphasizes the run and safe passes, often to the backs. Today, Coach Ray
Handley defended his offensive philosophy, saying it was not as conservative as
it appeared.

'Different Team at a Different Time'

"I tried to go into the season with many of the things we did in the past," he
said. "But this is a different team at a different time.

"If I felt the offense had to score a lot more points, I might have taken a
different approach, a higher-risk involvement.

"We haven't scored more than 23 points a game. If we scored 23 in every game,
we'd be 8-1. If I was sure we could score more points without a greater risk, I
would do it. But throwing the ball more doesn't necessarily result in more point
production."

Handley said that when the defense has played well, the offense has taken fewer
risks.

"Why put more pressure on the offense?" he asked. "We should be content with a
21-14 or 23-20 or 13-10 win.

"We've tried to open the offense more. We've tried to throw the ball more and
get the ball to the wide receivers more. The passes are not all dumps to the
backs. They're catching fewer passes than a year ago."

Comparison With Last Year

Through 10 games last year, Handley said, the Giants passed only 52 times on
first down, excluding two-minute drills. This year, in 11 games, they have
passed 91 times on first down.

He conceded that last year, when the Giants won those first 10 games, they
seldom trailed. The higher figure this year is partly a result of necessity.

"We try to go deep more now," he said. "That doesn't mean you're going to be
successful.

"One of our most successful plays in the last three weeks has been a 'go' route
to Stephen Baker. Odessa Turner caught a 55-yard pass against Philadelphia on a
go. Mark Ingram scored a touchdown against Dallas on Sunday on a play when Baker
was supposed to get the ball on a go. We're trying to make bigger plays."

Hoping for More

After the Giants' victory in Super Bowl XXV in January, Handley said, he had
hoped for a better season.

"I'd prefer to be something other than 6-5," he said. "But it's hard to say what
things I would have done differently. You leave that evaluation for the end of
the season. It's small things you might emphasize differently."

The Giants' weekly struggles have made the first-year head coach the focal point
of public criticism. Handley brushed it off.

"I'm not answerable to the media and the fans," he said. "I'm sure I'm missing
out on some just criticisms by not reading the papers anymore."




EXTRA POINTS

MATT BAHR, who made a trip to the dentist Friday morning, was examined by a
doctor in the afternoon to determine if the strained muscle in his right thigh
had regained full strength. Bahr kicked last Sunday, but was sore after the
game. RAUL ALLEGRE kicked the three games before then, and he and Bahr will fly
to Tampa on Saturday for the game. Only one kicker will probably be activated
for the game. In fact, if Bahr is deemed healthy and REYNA THOMPSON is activated
Saturday from injured reserve, Allegre may be waived. Thompson, who covers punts
and kickoffs so well, has missed five weeks because of a fractured right
shoulder blade.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Grand Jury indicts 18

BYLINE: Don Brown, Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


July 20--Meeting on Friday, July 8, the Grayson County Grand Jury handed down
indictments on 18 individuals.

Cody T. Sermon, 23 of Lawrence Hayes Rd., Caneyville, was indicted on two
counts: Operating a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol/drugs/etc.,
third offense (aggravated circumstances); DUI suspended license, second offense
(aggravated circumstances).

Hamilton C. Austin, 23 of Smyrna Rd., Louisville, was indicted on 20 counts:
Receiving stolen property $10,000 or more; two counts of criminal mischief,
first degree; criminal mischief, third degree; fleeing or evading police, first
degree (motor vehicle); fleeing or evading police, first degree (on foot); seven
counts of wanton endangerment of a police officer, first degree; five counts
wanton endangerment, first degree; speeding 26 MPH or more over limit; reckless
driving.

Casie N. Hale, 22, of Oakridge Rd., Louisville, was indicted on three counts:
Receiving stolen property $10,000 or more; fleeing or evading police, first
degree (motor vehicle); fleeing or evading police, first degree (on foot).

Francisco J. Casares, 29 of Richland Rd, Caneyville, was indicted on two counts
of first degree rape.

Greg R. Embry, 53 of Windy Ridge Rd., Caneyville, was indicted on two counts:
Possession of a controlled substance, first degree, first offense
(methamphetamine); possession of drug paraphernalia.

Anthony D. Parks, 44 of Yeaman-Olaton Rd, Caneyville, was indicted on two
counts: Burglary, second degree; violation of Kentucky EPO/DVO.

Wendell R. Embry, aka Robin Embry, 44 of Windy Ridge Rd., Caneyville was
indicted on two counts: Possession of a controlled substance, first degree,
first offense (methamphetamine); possession of drug paraphernalia.

Staci J. Havens, 47 of Hwy. 62, Beaver Dam, was indicted on two counts:
Possession of a controlled substance, first degree, first offense
(methamphetamine); possession of drug paraphernalia.

Nathan C. Evans, 29 of Buford St., Utica, was indicted on two counts: Possession
of a controlled substance, first degree, first offense (methamphetamine);
possession of drug paraphernalia.

Preston C. Walters, 18 of Kaylyn Dr., Elizabethtown, was indicted on six counts:
Possession of a controlled substance, first degree, first offense (opiates);
possession of a controlled substance, third degree (alprazolam); trafficking in
marijuana, less than eight ounces, first offense; possession of marijuana;
possession of drug paraphernalia; tampering with physical evidence.

Keith Lancaster, 47 of Millerstown St., Clarkson, was indicted on two counts:
Manufacturing methamphetamine, first offense; cultivation of marijuana under
five plants, first offense.

Raymond E. Smith, 35 of Morgantown Rd, Caneyville, was indicted for possession
of a controlled substance, first degree, first offense (methamphetamine).

Lorena Dupin, 30 of W. Market St., Leitchfield, was indicted on two counts:
Trafficking in a controlled substance, first degree, first offense (opiates);
persistent felony offender, second degree.

Laurie A. Davis, 52 of Ambassador Shores Dr., Leitchfield, was indicted on three
counts: Possession of a controlled substance, first degree, first offense
(methamphetamine); possession of marijuana; possession of drug paraphernalia.

Darryall L. Rayls, 51, of Ambassador Shores Dr., Leitchfield, was indicted on
three counts: Possession of a controlled substance, first degree, first offense
(methamphetamine); possession of marijuana; possession of drug paraphernalia.

Jemini X. Avery, of Millwood, was indicted for possession of a controlled
substance, first degree, first offense (opiates).

Reach Don Brown at 270-259-9622, ext. 2016.

___ (c)2016 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160720-SY-Grand-Jury-indicts-18-0720-20160720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2016 Grayson County News Gazette


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              July 9, 2013 Tuesday

Volusia County public records July 9, 2013

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 856  words


COUNTY JAIL DOCKET (The following people were booked into the Volusia County
Branch Jail on felony charges yet to be proven in court.): Jamal Wildgoose, 22,
Daytona Beach, battery, criminal mischief; Kevin M. Neal Jr., 21, Port Orange,
dealing in stolen property, burglary of an unoccupied dwelling; Christopher
David Nangle, 49, Edgewater, fleeing and eluding law enforcement; Travis Allen
Crowell, 18, Deltona, drug offense, principal to tampering with physical
evidence; Donald Eugene Meyers Jr., 18, DeLand, burglary of a structure or
conveyance; Logan F. Gonzalez, 18, Deltona, drug offense; Pamela S. Brown, 58,
Ormond Beach, battery, domestic battery by strangulation, battery; Matthew A.
Williams, 34, Daytona Beach, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon; Eric J.
Pitre, 41, Deltona, battery, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon; Mark R.
White, 45, Orlando, court violation; Donald Neil Quick Jr., 34, Daytona Beach,
failure to register as a sexual offender; Joseph R. Simmons, 26, Deltona,
domestic battery by strangulation; Victoria N. Taylor, 29, Deltona, possession
of a new legend drug without a prescription, drug offense; Rebecca Fay Portman,
30, DeBary, retail theft; Brian Scott Ford, 52, Port Orange, possession of a
controlled substance (2), trafficking in a controlled substance (2); Jennifer D.
Worth, 32, Ormond Beach, aggravated battery, court violation; Allie N. Brownell,
18, Sanford, drug offense, petty theft from a merchant; Jonathan Peter McCall,
21, Daytona Beach, court violation (2); David J. Linskins, 19, Port Orange, drug
offense; Rodney Daunta Baker, 19, Daytona Beach, possession of a synthetic
narcotic with the intent to sell; Jacob Daniel Heldreth, 25, Port Orange, drug
offense; Eddie B. Mitchell, 50, Daytona Beach, court violation; Melissa A.
Retenio, 28, Deltona, petty theft; Raquel White, 24, Holly Hill, possession of
methamphetamine, burglary while armed; Justin R. Scullian, 23, Edgewater,
aggravated battery on a pregnant person; Christopher K. Stinnett, 26, Lexington,
Ky., petty theft, possession of burglary tools, grand theft of more than $300
but under $5,000, burglary of a conveyance; Shannon D. Buckler, 29, Winchester,
Ky., burglary of a conveyance, petty theft, driving while license is more than
four months expired, failure to have motor vehicle liability insurance; Shawn
Corlett, 18, New Smyrna Beach, violation of probation; Lester L. Cartwright, 58,
DeLand, burglary of an unoccupied dwelling, drug offense, petty theft; Philip
Williams, 26, Daytona Beach, drug offense; Autry L. Williams III, 23, Daytona
Beach, drug offense; Deyana M. Taylor, 46, Daytona Beach, burglary while armed,
possession of a firearm by a convicted felon; Otis L. Woods, 51, New Smyrna
Beach, court violation; David Horning, 51, Rochester, N.H., leaving the scene of
an accident involving injuries; Richard Heary, 21, Ormond Beach, possession of
MDMA with the intent to sell or deliver, drug offense; Leon A. Ramsay, 29,
Deltona, drug offense, carrying a concealed firearm; Raul Terrazas, 38,
Alamogordo, N.M., possession of a


controlled substance; Lisa M. Stebbins, 44, Holly Hill, criminal mischief of
more than $1,000, first-degree arson of a dwelling or building with people
present; Edward Lee Conley, 44, Daytona Beach, robbery; Matthew W. Clausman
Seymour, 24, Ormond Beach, aggravated battery on a pregnant person; Frederick J.
Price, 18, Port Orange, burglary of an occupied structure, burglary of an
unoccupied conveyance, burglary of an occupied dwelling, burglary of an
unoccupied dwelling; James S. Brown Jr., 56, New Smyrna Beach, battery; Mark
Daniel Oneill, 51, Port Orange, domestic violence assault, aggravated battery,
false imprisonment; Israel Garcia, 27, Crescent City, failure to appear;
Sevaughn E. Pingree, 28, Deltona, leaving the scene of an accident involving
injury; Carla M. Leal, 32, Lake Mary, battery, aggravated assault with a deadly
weapon; Laurence J. Hopkins, 47, Holly Hill, drug offense; Phyllis A. Adams, 60,
Edgewater, sale of a controlled substance; Warren R. Stratton, 60, Edgewater,
battery, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.

SUITS: No Records Available.

MARRIAGES: Mitchel K. Malizio and Madeline K. Van Epps, DeLand; Brian C. Woods
and Toni A. Wojtas, Deltona.

MARRIAGE DISSOLUTIONS STARTED: No records available.

MARRIAGE DISSOLUTIONS GRANTED: Steven D. and Tiffany L. Broadway.

Births:

HUGHES: Leah and Kristopher, Holly Hill, are the parents of a son weighing 9
pounds, 11 ounces, born at 8:29 a.m. July 5, 2013, at Florida Hospital Memorial
Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

JOHNSON: Charlotte Johnson, Port Orange, is the mother of a daughter weighing 6
pounds, 9 ounces, born at 8:36 p.m. July 5, 2013, at Florida Hospital Memorial
Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

MADDOX: Mandisa Maddox, New Smyrna Beach, is the mother of a son weighing 6
pounds, 12 ounces, born at 2:46 p.m. July 4, 2013, at Florida Hospital Memorial
Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

WOLF: Rebecca and Doug Wolf, New Smyrna Beach, are the parents of a son weighing
8 pounds, 15 ounces, born at 1:36 p.m. July 6, 2013, at Florida Hospital
Memorial Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2013 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2013 News-Journal Corporation


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           January 29, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

West Coast offense taking a hike McDaniels is rewriting the Broncos' playbook to
make use of a ``unique'' system.

BYLINE: Mike Klis The Denver Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 813 words


Everything about the Broncos will change on one side of the ball.

There will be a new system. There will be new terminology.

The Broncos' defense transforming from a 4-3 system to a 3-4? Nope. Well, maybe,
but more assuredly, the Broncos are about to rewrite their offensive playbook.

Say goodbye to the West Coast

offense, versions of which Mike Shanahan directed for the past 14 years. New
head coach Josh McDaniels is bringing the New England Patriots' offense to
Denver.

Study up, Jay Cutler.

"Our system is very unique," McDaniels said in a phone interview Wednesday.
"There are not a lot of branches off a tree that uses this system."

The system? Watch the Patriots' offensive plays develop from a stadium's upper
level and it looks like they're running the basketball version of a fast-break,
three-man weave. Receivers are bunched, receivers are spread, but receivers are
constantly running patterns off each other.

The Boston media dubbed it the "Amoeba Offense" for its ability to adapt to its
own personnel, or adjust to a defense. And, indeed, against the Broncos in Week
7, journeyman tailback Sammy Morris rushed for 138 yards. By halftime.

"The unique part about that is I know a lot of people associate what we did in
New England with the passing game, but we were sixth in the league in rushing
this year," McDaniels said. "It's the unknown or missing piece that not many
people know about or talk about. It's not the same each week. It won't be the
same. It doesn't fall into a specific category like the West Coast."

Former Broncos tight end Shannon Sharpe played seven seasons in Shanahan's West
Coast system and he's become familiar with the Patriots' offense through his
work as an NFL analyst for CBS. The New England system hasn't necessarily kept
its tight ends busy catching passes - as Broncos tight ends Daniel Graham, a
former Patriot, and Tony Scheffler surely have noted.

But Sharpe said the Broncos' talented receiving duo of Eddie Royal and Brandon
Marshall will be well-suited for the New England-style offense.

"It shouldn't be very difficult, because they have similar pieces," Sharpe said.
"I think Eddie Royal can be every bit as good as Wes Welker. I think Brandon
Marshall - I don't know if he can be as good as Randy Moss because Randy Moss is
pretty special. But they've got two bookend tackles. You've got Jay Cutler,
who's a franchise quarterback. He turns the ball over a little too much right
now for my fancy. You can get a running back."

The New England system was a major reason Mike McCoy, and not Jeremy Bates, was
selected to work directly with Cutler in 2009 as the Broncos' new offensive
coordinator. Speaking while still in shock over Shanahan's firing, Cutler
strongly urged the Broncos to keep Bates as his quarterbacks coach.

Was McDaniels' discomfort with that quarterback-coach

relationship the reason Bates was not retained?

"That didn't have anything to do with it," McDaniels said. "It was a situation
where I felt like the best thing for the Broncos going forward was putting the
staff together the way that I did. I'll spend significant time with Jay. Our
relationship will be very important."

McCoy is familiar with New England's offense, while Bates, who landed quite well
as USC's offensive coordinator, is embedded in the West Coast offense. McCoy had
been quarterbacks coach of the Carolina Panthers, who have run New England's
offense since they hired Jeff Davidson as offensive coordinator in 2007.
Davidson was a Patriots offensive assistant from 1997-2004.

It's a system that helped Tom Brady, a former sixth-

round draft pick, pass Peyton Manning as the NFL's undisputed No. 1 quarterback
in 2007. It's a system that transformed Matt Cassel from a backup college
quarterback to the NFL's eighth-ranked passer in 2008.

If the offensive system is good enough for Brady and Cassel, it should be good
enough for Cutler.

"That will all play out in time," McDaniels said. "I'm not worried about that. I
think

everyone will love playing in this system. It's been very, very successful and
it takes good players to make it go. And it starts with Jay."

Mike Klis: 303-954-1055 or mklis@denverpost.com ---------------- Snap decision

Say goodbye to the Broncos' West Coast offense. New Broncos coach Josh McDaniels
is bringing the New England Patriots'

offense to Denver. What do

you think? Vote online at

denverpost.com/broncos.

West Coast is the best coast: The Broncos had a great offense in 2008 and should
stick with what has been working.

Bring on the Amoeba: The Patriots' offense trounced Denver last season. Let's
try something new.

Go back to the future: Where did the running game go? Bring back Dan Reeves'
ground-game offense.

How about the single wing? Go crazy and run the option offense. Hey, it works
for Akron High.

Doesn't matter how they score: The Broncos' defense is what matters most. Fix it
or forget it.

»denverpost.com/broncos

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 17, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Drug convictions cost students their financial aid;
Can regain eligibility if they complete rehab

BYLINE: Donna Leinwand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 448 words


WASHINGTON -- One in every 400 students applying for federal financial aid for
college is rejected because of a drug conviction, an analysis of Department of
Education numbers by a drug policy overhaul group found.

A study to be released today by Students for Sensible Drug Policy says 189,065
people have been turned down for financial aid since the federal government
added a drug conviction question to the financial aid form in the 2000-01 school
year.

A September report from the Government Accountability Office shows that in the
2003-04 academic year, about 41,000 applicants for federal student aid were
disqualified because of drug convictions.

A student can regain eligibility, however, by completing a rehabilitation
program that includes random drug tests.

"In the majority of cases, students retain their eligibility," Education
Department spokeswoman Valerie Smith says.

The aid analysis, compiled by the student group from data released last week by
the Department of Education, notes that Indiana has the highest percentage of
rejections, with one in 200 students denied financial aid because of drug
convictions.

Indiana Rep. Mark Souder, a Republican and the author of the legislation, says
it makes no difference how the states rank.

"The principle remains the same: the American taxpayer should not be subsidizing
the educations of those students who are convicted of dealing or using illegal
drugs," Souder said in a statement provided Sunday.

Other states ranking above the national average are Oregon, California,
Washington, Rhode Island, North Carolina, Connecticut, Arkansas, Texas,
Kentucky, Oklahoma, Iowa and Alaska.

"I think it's important that all members (of Congress) know exactly how many of
their constituents' lives have been ruined by this policy," says Tom Angell,
campaigns director for Students for Sensible Drug Policy.

The American Civil Liberties Union is challenging the constitutionality of the
law in federal court.

"This is the only offense for which one can be denied financial aid," says
attorney Adam Wolf of the ACLU Drug Law Reform Project based in Santa Cruz,
Calif.

Congress passed a law in 1998 that made drug convictions a disqualification for
receiving aid. Students must now answer, "Have you ever been convicted of
possession or selling illegal drugs?" when filling out their application.

Students who do not answer the question are disqualified.

A student convicted for drug possession is ineligible for aid for one year for a
first offense, two years for a second offense and indefinitely for three or more
offenses. A student convicted of selling drugs is ineligible for two years for a
first offense and indefinitely for two or more offenses.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 23, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

West Coast offense given new direction by Holmgren

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C; Pro football

LENGTH: 591 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


NEW ORLEANS -- A few years ago when he played in Dallas, quarterback
Bernie Kosar was talking to a friend about the Cowboys' offense.

"They're using some of that West Coast stuff down here," Kosar
said.

Unknowingly, Kosar helped label the system that is part of every
NFL playbook, or should be. They call it the West Coast offense,
as if it originated in California, when actually Bill Walsh developed
the system in the 1970s with the Cincinnati Bengals.


"When Greg Cook was injured, we had to use Virgil Carter," Walsh
says. "He was very limited, so everything we did had to be timed
exactly and the footwork had to be flawless. Then we developed
some speed receivers like Isaac Curtis and Charlie Joiner."

Walsh eventually took his offense to San Francisco, where a young,
eager assistant named Mike Holmgren first learned the tricks of
the trade. Holmgren took it to Green Bay and expanded it, using
more personnel.

"We still run the same stuff we always ran," Holmgren says.
"The difference is that we screen a lot more. Bill never liked
to screen. And I use a lot more personnel changes. He was just
content to leave a tight end, two receivers and two backs.'

In Super Bowl XXXI, the New England Patriots will see three- and
four-receiver sets, double tight ends, lots of motion and a variety
of pass-protection schemes.

"It's all predicated on the short pass and the run after the
pass," Holmgren says. "There is a control, high percentage-type
of throw that might replace a portion of someone else's running
game."

The term West Coast offense has a nice ring to it. But as quarterback
Brett Favre notes, you need talent to make the system produce
48 touchdowns in the regular season and 35-14 and 30-13 playoff
routs.

"We have a coaching staff that puts us in great position," Favre
says. "We probably have 200 or 300 plays you go through a season."

Holmgren is a master at adjusting the offense. The Packers once
had a 56-44% pass-run mix. But in the playoffs, Holmgren switched
to the run, reversing to a 65-35 run-pass mix.

"This is the best offense I've ever played in," flanker Don
Beebe says. "A lot of guys say it's a short-pass offense. It
is, in essence, but we still go downfield, and you have the perfect
guy running it in Brett Favre. And this guy, Mike Holmgren, is
a genius."

Al Groh, the Patriots' defensive coordinator, carries the burden
of shutting down the West Coast offense. Groh knows all about
the Packers' motion and personnel switches. And about the changeup
protection schemes. And about the tight ends and backs running
routes underneath the Packers' wideouts, precisely in the quarterback's
same line of vision.

"A lot of it is a mask and disguise game," Groh says. "They
try to get the defensive player to say, 'Geez, I knew what they
were doing, but I just couldn't get there.' "

Packers offensive coordinator Sherm Lewis links the West Coast
offense to those old offensive masters, Cincinnati's Paul Brown
and San Diego's Sid Gillman and then to Walsh.

"It's versatile enough that you can attack any defense," Lewis
says. "You can send out five receivers. Or you can send out two.
It depends on how you try to attack. Or whether you're picking
out a certain weakness."

Sometimes those precise horizontal routes can leave defenders
screaming about illegal picks. If it happens in the Super Bowl,
Holmgren will give the Patriots a little knowing smile. That's
just the way it is in the West Coast offense.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Morry Gash, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 19, 1996, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Congresswomen offer new system to stop military misconduct;
Female recruits might benefit from reporting system outside chain of command,
they say.

BYLINE: Scott Shepard; WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 04B

LENGTH: 625 words

DATELINE: Washington


Congresswomen, in a private meeting with Army officials, suggested Monday that
the military consider establishing a system outside the regular chain of command
for reporting sexual harassment.

The suggestion came during a 90-minute briefing by four male Army generals for
about a dozen members of the Congressional Caucus for Women's Issues on
allegations of sexual relations between male instructors and female recruits.

The normal military chain of command "may not be the only appropriate structure
to use for women who feel harassed or intimidated by sexual misconduct," said
Rep. Sheila Jackson-Lee (D-Texas).

Jackson-Lee suggested that the Army appoint an "ombudswoman" as a method for
handling the increasing number of allegations of sexual harassment of women in
the Army.

The Army officials who briefed the congresswomen avoided reporters following the
Capitol Hill meeting.

Many of the congresswomen who attended the briefing expressed confidence in the
Army's investigation of sexual harassment at all of its training bases.

The congresswomen also praised the Army for ruling out any segregation of men
and women following the allegations of sexual harassment.

"Men and women will continue to be trained together because they have to go to
war together," said Pat Schroeder, a Colorado Democrat, who is retiring from
Congress.

The Army's investigation was prompted by the filing of criminal charges against
a captain and four drill sergeants at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland for
allegedly raping and sexually harassing female trainees.

Five more sergeants have been charged with having improper sexual relationships
with recruits at Fort Leonard Wood, Mo., and one of those was convicted and
sentenced to prison.

More than 4,000 women have telephoned an Army hot line with complaints of
inappropriate sexual conduct since revelation of the allegations at the Aberdeen
Proving Ground.

Army Secretary Togo West said Sunday the Army intends to follow up in around 550
cases.

Monday's briefing "made us a bit more secure that they are going to continue to
ask the right questions as to what went on and what went wrong at Aberdeen and
what is going wrong within our armed forces," said Rep. Susan Molinari (R-N.Y.).

Although 90 percent of the military "functions well, functions fairly, functions
evenly," Molinari added, "there are some problems and there is a culture that
needs to be changed."

Molinari agreed with Jackson-Lee that the Army needs to find some way to "break
through the chain of command" - possibly with a permanent telephone hot line.

But Eleanor Holmes Norton, the District of Columbia's delegate to Congress,
suggested that the Army use its command structure in a more effective way to end
sexual harassment.

Noting that the military successfully used this structure to end racial
segregation, Norton said, "We expect the command structure to get the same
results when it come to sexual harassment and rape."

Rep. Cynthia McKinney (D-Ga.) also called for action.

"At some point, someone has to be held responsible for these crimes against
America's women in uniform," she said. "We must spare no effort to end this
outrage, lest we send the wrong signal to young women who want to serve their
country in the armed forces that they are not welcome in the military."

Members of the Women's Issues Caucus plan to visit Aberdeen in the coming weeks.
A date has not been set.

Rep. Nita Lowey, (D-N.Y.), co-chair of the caucus, said the group of
congresswomen has begun talks with the other military services to determine the
extent of similar problems in those branches.

"It is hard to believe that this activity . . . has not occurred in the other
branches as well."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color photo and teaser box: (appeared on A/01 with reference to B/04
 story)A bipartisan group of congresswomen, including Eleanor Holmes
 Norton (left) of the District of Columbia and Patsy Mink of Hawaii, meet
 Monday with Army officials on Capitol Hill to propose a system outside
 the chain of command for reporting sexual harassment. / DOUG MILLS /
 Associated Press

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday
                                Replate Edition

CAL POLY'S VERSATILE BROWN A HANDFUL

BYLINE: Jim Allen jima@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5437

SECTION: B; Pg. 001

LENGTH: 587 words


For the rest of the Big Sky Conference, Cal Poly's triple-option offense is a
three-headed monster of power, deception and speed.

That makes Chris Brown one scary dude.

The senior quarterback is a threat run, pitch or pass, and he does them all
well. Last week, he led the Mustangs to a over 700 yards of total offense in a
frightening 58-26 win over Idaho State.

Next up is Eastern Washington on Saturday at Roos Field in a game that will go
far in deciding the conference title. With the Eagles off last week, they've had
a long time to think about Brown and the triple option.

"He does things right in that offense," Eastern coach Beau Baldwin said of
Brown, who accounted for 227 all-purpose yards last week against the Bengals.

"He makes them go offensively, and without him at the helm they're probably
different on offense. He's unique with that offense and he's incredibly good,"
Baldwin said.

The stats bear that out. Against a daunting schedule that also includes Montana,
Arizona State, Northern Iowa and Montana State, Brown has put up solid numbers:
529 yards on the ground, 342 passing and 12 touchdowns.

"I think he's one of the most dynamic quarterbacks in the country, and he
doesn't get the respect he deserves," Cal Poly coach Tim Walsh said Wednesday.

Brown, a 6-foot-2, 200-pounder from Compton, California, has moved steadily up
the depth chart. He started four games as a sophomore in 2013, and saw action in
the Mustangs' 35-22 home loss that year to EWU.

Brown had a breakout season last year, rushing and passing for over 1,000 yards
each on the way to being an All-Big Sky third-team selection. He threw for over
190 yards in three of Cal Poly's 12 games, completing 102 of 171 passes (60
percent), Brown also threw 12 touchdowns and was intercepted just three times.

Says Walsh, "He's the leader of the team. He's really matured as a young man,
and he's a tremendous guy in every way."

That is , when he isn't putting fear in the hearts of opposing defenses.

EAGLES, MUSTANGS HAVE COMMON OPPONENTS

Film study is getting easier for the Eastern coaches.

Before the season began, the staff had to rely on film from last year. They
could study opposing schemes, but not necessarily the players, because many had
moved on.

A month into the season, coaches are getting a look at current players. This
week, there's an added bonus, as the Eagles and Cal Poly have two common
opponents in Northern Iowa and Montana State. That allows the coaches to assess
players as well as schemes.

For the record, Eastern lost at Northern Iowa 38-35 and defeated MSU 55-50 the
following week. Cal Poly has lost to both teams, falling at home to UNI 34-20 on
Sept. 19 and 45-28 at MSU a week later.

SURPRISE TEAMS NORTH DAKOTA, ISU MEET

Before the season began, the media picked Idaho State to finish third in the Big
Sky, while North Dakota was tabbed for ninth.

A month into the season, ISU is 0-2 in the conference, while UND is 2-0 in
league and a league-best 4-1 overall. The teams meet Saturday in Grand Forks,
N.D. in a game that could be the Bengals' last chance to get back in the playoff
hunt.

The Bengals were outscored 132-8 in losses to FBS teams Boise State and UNLV,
then were clobbered 58-26 last weekend at Cal Poly. Meanwhile, North Dakota has
been winning the close ones: it defeated UC Davis 31-24 two weeks ago before
knocking off previously unbeaten Portland State 19-17 on the road last week.

SIDEBAR:

Follow EWU reporter Jim Allen on Twitter for links, updates @SRJimAllen

TYPE: Column: Big Sky notes

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 19, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

In a Hurry to Keep Up With Alabama

BYLINE: By RAY GLIER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 798 words


HOOVER, Ala. -- When an Alabama football player can straighten his helmet, snap
his chin strap, make sure his pads are snug, take a deep breath and get
comfortably set in his stance, there is a good chance that he will have no equal
in the Southeastern Conference.

Opponents in the SEC are hoping to change that. They want Alabama players lining
up short of breath, pads askew, chin straps too tight. Texas A&M, with its
up-tempo offense, was the only team to beat Alabama in 2012. Now, Auburn,
Tennessee and Kentucky have new coaches who are installing the same kind of
unremitting offenses.

Alabama Coach Nick Saban said every team the Crimson Tide played last season
used a hurry-up offense in an attempt to unsettle his defense and prevent him
from taking full advantage of the wealth of talent on his roster. Unless the
offense substitutes, the defense cannot substitute without risking a penalty for
too many men on the field.

The fast-paced offenses also present another issue, at least to Saban.

''Should we allow football to be a continuous game?'' he said Thursday at SEC
Media Days. ''Is that the way the game is designed to be played? Is there a
safety issue with that? They play 64 plays in the N.F.L.; we play over 80 in
college, and up-tempo teams play more than that. I don't know the answer to
that.''

Mississippi Coach Hugh Freeze scoffed at the idea that the up-tempo offense can
lead to more injuries. ''Give me some research,'' Freeze said. ''There's no way
that is putting more people at more risk than they are already at.''

Steve Shaw, the SEC's coordinator of officials, said there had been calls to
create a window that would allow the defense to substitute when a third down was
converted to a first down. Shaw said an N.C.A.A. rules committee receives rules
questionnaires from coaches, who ultimately have the final say about a rule
change.

Regardless of a rule change, Saban has already made a move that should help the
Crimson Tide deal with the Ole Miss offense -- nicknamed Backyard Basketball,
according to Rebels wide receiver Donte Moncrief -- and others like it.

This off-season, Alabama hired Tyler Siskey from the Ole Miss staff to be its
assistant director of football operations. The primary reason was to acquire a
skilled recruiter, but Saban also got a coach with intimate knowledge of the
Rebels' offense. Siskey coached receivers for Freeze at Arkansas State and was
the coordinator of recruiting for Ole Miss, which brought in one of the
country's top-rated classes this year.

Siskey was also the high school coach of Alabama quarterback A J McCarron.

When asked if Siskey could give Alabama insight into the Ole Miss offense, Saban
said, ''That's not the reason we hired him.''

''You never like to lose somebody,'' Freeze said. ''It happens. If Siskey feels
like it is bettering his family, I'm a family-first guy. We're still friends.
Obviously we don't talk a lot.

''Everything will be changed with the offense. You have to change things when
you lose somebody like that.''

The football staff members at Alabama are not permitted to talk to the news
media, so Siskey was not available for comment.

Mike Stoops, the first-year coach at Kentucky, said he would not hire an
assistant only for insight on a division rival. But if that coach could yield
revelations on a division rival's scheme, Stoops said, it would be a significant
bonus.

''Those guys are so darned creative and sophisticated it is very hard to pick up
those hand signals and steal those, especially at the tempo they are going
with,'' Stoops said. ''But the operation of the offense, the tendencies and the
substitution pattern, you can learn a lot from somebody who has been on the
staff.

''You watch an up-tempo team, and they run certain plays toward their bench so
they can substitute much faster. There are certain areas of the field where they
can do things to their advantage. If you know that, it helps.''

Bo Wallace, the Mississippi quarterback, was on spring break when he learned
Siskey was leaving for Alabama. Wallace said that there was no traditional
playbook for the Rebels' no-huddle offense but that they ''wouldn't have let him
get out of the office with it if there was.''

Wallace added, ''We're still working on changing things.''

Freeze just smiled when asked if Alabama viewed Ole Miss as enough of a threat
to raid the Rebels' staff. He understands that Siskey has tremendous value as a
recruiter and that Alabama is home to him.

''You look at it as just another challenge,'' Freeze said. ''Certainly it's not
something we wanted to happen, but we've got to move on, and we can't use that
as a woe-is-me type mentality. We have to make adjustments and move on. That's
what coaching is about anyway.

''I needed to change things anyway. It pushed me to go ahead and do it.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/19/sports/ncaafootball/as-alabamas-opponents-rais
e-the-tempo-saban-remains-a-step-ahead.html

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Crimson Tide Coach Nick Saban is questioning the faster offenses
that SEC teams are adopting. (PHOTOGRAPH BY VASHA HUNT/AL.COM, VIA ASSOCIATED
PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             January 7, 2011 Friday

'O' WHAT A TEAM! NIKE BUCKS WILL KEEP DUCKS ON TOP

BYLINE: LENN ROBBINS

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 540 words


GLENDALE, Ariz. - From 1963 until 1989 the Oregon Ducks played in one unofficial
bowl game.

It came to be known as the Toilet Bowl. Honest.

The Ducks and rival Oregon State Beavers, pedestrian football programs slogging
away in the Pacific Northwest, fought to a 0-0 tie on a rain-soaked field.

There were 11 fumbles, five interceptions and four missed field goals.

Flush.

Flush the past. Flush the snobs from the Big Ten. Flush the fanatics from the
SEC, who think Pac 10 football is barely a step up from eight-man football.

This is the new Oregon, the undefeated Oregon (12-0) that will square off
against undefeated Auburn (13-0) in Monday night's BCS National Championship
game.

Bolstered by coach Chip Kelly's trillion gigabyte-speed offense known as "The
Blue," and backed by Phil Knight's Nike trillions, Oregon is positioned to be a
force in college football for years to come.

"It's an exciting time to be here," Kelly said on a recent trip to New York.
"It's special."

"They [the fans] went 25 years between bowl games," Kelly added. "Now the Oregon
through my eyes, I've been there four years and we've won 41 games. I've always
considered Oregon a have, not a have-not."

"O," the Ducks have it. About four years ago Knight, an Oregon alum, donated
$100 million to the athletic department.

That money helped secure funding to foot the $200 million price tag for a new
basketball arena named the Matthew Knight Arena, named after Knight's son who
died in a 2007 scuba diving accident.

The football program got its Nike-mas present in December when the university
announced construction of a six-story, L-shaped football operations building,
and Phil and Penny Knight are footing the bill.

"O," the Ducks offense has it. Kelly's laser-beam offense, a whirlwind of plays
signaled in by giant placards with four seemingly random images, has made Knight
feel good about his contributions.

"It's the most entertaining offense in college football," he told The Post after
a win at USC.

Kelly's offense averaged a nation's-best 49.3 points per game this season. Its
two most potent players, running back LaMichael James and quarterback Darron
Thomas, are not from California, the Ducks most fertile recruiting ground, but
Texas.

With players from Arizona, California, Florida, Hawaii, Iowa and Oregon, the
Ducks currently have the nation's seventh-ranked recruiting class, according to
Rivals.com.

"We have a name that I think people recognize," Kelly said. "We have an offense
and a defense that I think people are excited to play in because our kids have
fun."

There's no reason to believe Oregon will not remain a hot address. The
facilities are poised to be among the nation's best. The offense lures recruits
like the Arizona weather attracts retirees.

With Nike's Beaverton headquarters located just down the road from Oregon's
Eugene campus, the Ducks enjoy the nation's coolest and most versatile uniforms.
There are 80 uniform combinations highlighted by "Duck Wings," an anti-abrasion
laminate reinforcement, on the shoulder pads.

Angry Birds is the hottest game app, and the Ducks are the hottest team.

"When you walk in wearing the 'O' on your shirt," Kelly said of recruiting,
"people know who you are."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JUST DUCK-Y:Darron Thomas and the Ducks' high-flying offense is a big
reason why Oregon is squaring off against Auburn for the BCS National
Championship on Monday. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            September 9, 2007 Sunday

Bears' defense shows respect for Chargers

BYLINE: REED SCHRECK GATEHOUSE NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


You have running back LaDainian Tomlinson.

"He's the best," Chicago Bears cornerback Charles Tillman said.

You have tight end Antonio Gates.

"LaDainian's No. 1 and Gates is No. 2 on their offense," Bears safety Adam
Archuleta said.

You have emerging quarterback Philip Rivers.

"They also have a Pro Bowl fullback," Tillman said of Lorenzo Neal.

Yeah, the Bears have a lot to deal with defensively in today's season opener
against the San Diego Chargers at Qualcomm Stadium (3:15 p.m., Fox).

Most of the hype about the tantalizing early matchup concerns Chicago's active
defense facing the Chargers' loaded offense. Rightly so.

And keep it that way, says Chicago receiver Rashied Davis.

"I hope the focus is on our defense stopping their offense," he said. "Hey, the
No. 1 defense, the No. 1 offense. So if they forget about us, I'd love it.
Forget about us if you want to."

Fellow wideout Mark Bradley smiles about the lack of attention directed at Bears
quarterback Rex Grossman and the offense this past week.

"That's the game plan - put some points on the board and stop the explosive
offense they have," Bradley said.

Getting back to the Chargers' offense - it can't be ignored - Tillman starts his
analysis with Tomlinson.

"He's supposedly the best back in the business," he said. "I think he is. He's
their poster child. He does everything. I think he will be in the Hall of Fame.
He's explosive. He's hard to tackle. Hard runner, quick, elusive.

"He's the best."

Fellow corner Nathan Vasher said Chicago must follow the Xs and Os to a T.

"He can find the open hole or just hit the outside," Vasher said. "I think
that's one of the things that makes him one of the best, if not the best,
running back in the league. The matchup problems he gives teams as far as him
being split out at wide receiver, and he's just so dangerous when he gets the
ball.

"We have to make sure there's more than one guy there to try and tackle him."

Then there's Gates, the 6-foot-4, 260-pounder from Kent State who has been
consensus All-Pro the past three seasons.

"He's one of the best tight ends in the game, if not the best," safety Danieal
Manning said. "It will be a great challenge for our defense, for our safeties,
for anyone covering him. We're looking forward to it."

To combat Gates & Co., Manning added: "We can't give them yards after the catch,
and eliminate the big plays."

It's only one game, but a lot will be made of the outcome either way.

"We're going to find out (how good we are)," Archuleta said. "We're done with
all the preliminary stuff. We had a great preseason, offseason and training
camp. We passed all those tests. Our identity is going to hinge on this game,
and what kind of momentum we're going to have throughout the season."

Tillman added, "Can we make a statement? I think we can. I know we can. I think
it will be a good challenge to see where we are, what we need to do and what
lies ahead of us the rest of the season."

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: WIRE. GHNS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 22, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Western Athletic

SECTION: BONUS; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 458 words


Top story lines

Can the conference make it three BCS teams in a row? Boise State made a good
case for being in a Bowl Championship Series game, but Hawaii was routed by
Georgia in last season's Sugar Bowl. ... The conference sent four teams --
Hawaii, Boise State, Fresno State and Nevada -- to bowls last year. ...
Defending conference champion Hawaii will have to start from scratch, losing
coach June Jones to Southern Methodist and quarterback Colt Brennan to the NFL,
not to mention nearly the entire receiving corps. Enter former defensive
coordinator Greg McMackin, who improved Hawaii's defense from 93rd in the nation
in 2006 to 33rd when he arrived in 2007. ... The Warriors and Broncos have
flip-flopped at the top of the standings the last two years, but expect a push
from Fresno State and/or Nevada. The Bulldogs return 19 starters to a team that
came within a touchdown of Hawaii. Nevada returns 14 starters.

Top players

Offense: QB Chase Holbrook (New Mexico State), 6-5, 246 -- Second in the
conference to Colt Brennan in passing yards a game and total offense in 2007.
His 4,619-yard passing total in 2006 was an NCAA record for a sophomore.

Defense: LB Solomon Elimimian (Hawaii), 6-0, 220 -- The leading returning
tackler in the WAC. His 141 tackles had him first-team all-conference in 2007.

From the top down

Fresno State: The Bulldogs are thinking championship with 19 returners; a tough
early schedule should prepare them for conference play. Anointed the preseason
favorite by WAC coaches.

Boise State: The Broncos return RB Ian Johnson, whom sportswriters voted the
preseason player of the year, but will fill the void at quarterback with a
redshirt freshman. Boise State was the news media's preseason pick to win the
conference.

Nevada: Fourteen starters return, including WAC leading rusher Luke Lippincott,
and should have the Wolf Pack in contention for a fourth consecutive bowl game.

Hawaii: The defense will have to carry the team as the offense must start from
scratch.

Louisiana Tech: The Bulldogs will need more firepower on offense after finishing
seventh in scoring offense in 2007 and will have to replace quarterback Zac
Champion.

San Jose State: The WAC's worst offense needs a spark. Kevin Jurovich and David
Richmond are good receivers, but they need a quarterback to get the ball to
them.

Utah State: Quarterback Leon Jackson must improve, and  Utah State must get a
running back to take charge. Utah State also needs an improved rushing defense,
which ranked last in yards allowed a game.

New Mexico State: Set offensively with Holbrook, but the defense was second to
last in the conference.

Idaho: Deonte Jackson provides a solid rush game, but little else went right in
2007. Four wins would be a major improvement.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, John Reed, US Presswire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 26, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

THE ROAD TO COLLEGE FOOTBALL '99;
 Duke borrows from Florida file;
 Talking points: Open arms greet new coach Carl Franks and his pass-happy
offense.

BYLINE: Norman Arey, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 7E

LENGTH: 592 words

DATELINE: Durham, N.C.

"Airborne" is the new team slogan for Duke football.

"It's Latin," explains Ben Bennett, first-year quarterbacks coach, Duke's
all-time leading passer and budding jokester. "It's derived from 'Airus Bornus,'
which means 'born of the air.' "

It also means that, in addition to a much-needed sense of humor, the Blue Devils
have a different look. The new coach is Carl Franks, a protege of Florida's
Steve Spurrier.

Spurrier coached at Duke from 1987-89 and was ultra-successful by Duke
standards, posting a 20-13-1 record and going to a bowl. Since Spurrier, the
Blue Devils have hired --- and fired --- Barry Wilson and Fred Goldsmith. They
combined to go 30-69-1.

So the Blue Devils went back to Spurrier and got Franks, a nine-year assistant
to Spurrier and his top staff member --- and, not coincidentally, a former Duke
player --- to replace Goldsmith.

Look for quarterbacks Spencer Romine, Bobby Campbell and Kevin Thompson of
Thomasville to be a little arm-weary before Duke plays its opener against East
Carolina on Sept. 11. The Blue Devils will be airborne indeed.

"Our offense is going to be a replica of Florida's, very similar," Franks said.
"That's the offense I know, and it wouldn't make any sense to go do something
else. We'll give our quarterbacks a kind of suggestion to take to the line of
scrimmage, and then, if he comes up with something better, we expect him to call
it."

No one is happier with the new offensive look than the quarterbacks.

"You can't cover everybody in this offense," Campbell said. "We're putting guys
everywhere. I'm enjoying this offense so much, the aggressiveness of getting the
ball downfield. Coach Franks has an aggressive attitude, but, coming from
Florida, you'd have to have that."

One of Franks' first moves was to hire Bennett, who still is the ACC's career
leading passer with 9,614 yards accumulated at Duke from 1980-83.

"Our playbook came straight from the Tampa Bay Bandits; they just tore off the
cover and put Duke on the front," Bennett said. Before he took the Duke job,
Spurrier coached the USFL team, with Franks as an assistant and Bennett as
quarterback.

"I love the offense," said flanker Richmond Flowers, who has caught 56 passes
for 817 yards and six touchdowns in two seasons. "I saw the 'Airborne' slogan on
a sign driving back to campus this year. When Coach Spurrier was here, I heard
the slogan was 'Air Ball.' When you're a receiver and the team slogan is that,
it's got to make you happy. Things are so much more comfortable when the
offensive coordinator is also the head coach."

The offense is not as complicated as its seems or as some would make it, Franks
said.

"Kevin Thompson has been such a pleasant surprise," he said. "He missed spring
practice but has picked up things so quickly. That should tell you how
complicated our offense isn't."

And the offense is more than passing, Franks said.

"The most success I've experienced as an assistant was when we've been able to
run the ball," he said. "(Former Florida running back) Errict Rhett led the SEC
in number of rushes one year. (Florida's) Fred Taylor rushed for over 1,000
yards. This offense gets notoriety because it enables us to throw the ball
downfield. But if the defense gets too worried about the pass, we're going to
run it."

Franks did not inherit a bare cupboard. Nine starters return on offense and 10
on defense.

The Blue Devils could surprise this season. "We're all kind of fed up with
losing," Campbell said.

And Franks isn't used to anything but winning.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES:  This article is part of the series, "The Road to College Football '99."
Today's installment features the team from Duke University.

GRAPHIC: Photo
Already scoring with players: Carl Franks, a Florida assistant for nine seasons
and a Duke alum, brings Steve Spurrier's playbook and exuberance for offense to
Blue Devils. / BOB JORDAN / Associated Press
 Graphic
DUKE
Location: Durham, N.C.
Enrollment: 6,207.
Coach: Carl Franks, in his first season as a head coach.
Nickname: Blue Devils.
Stadium: Wallace Wade Stadium (33,941).
Record: 431-360-31.
ACC titles: 7 (1953, '54, '55, '60, '61, '62, '89).
1998 record: 4-7 overall, 2-6 ACC.
Schedule: Sept. 11, at East Carolina; Sept. 18, Northwestern; Sept. 25,
Vanderbilt; Oct.  2, Florida State; Oct. 9, at Virginia; Oct. 16, Georgia Tech;
Oct. 23, N.C. State; Oct. 30, at Maryland; Nov. 6, at Clemson; Nov. 13, Wake
Forest; Nov. 20, at North Carolina.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 9, 1993, Saturday

REGION IN BRIEF Violent crime hasn't risen in Florida

BYLINE: Compiled by Mike Smith and Susan Laccetti

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 448 words


Despite some highly publicized events, violent crime in Florida held steady in
the first half of this year. But figures released Friday by the state Department
of Law Enforcement show sharp increases in the number of juveniles arrested on
murder and rape charges.

From January through June, the number of juveniles arrested on murder charges
rose 17 percent from the same period in 1992, and juvenile rape arrests jumped
33 percent.

All told, 676,502 crimes were reported in Florida in the first half of 1993,
down 0.8 percent from 1992. Nearly 523,000 people were victimized, 96 percent of
them residents of the state. Police made 303,420 arrests.

- 'GETTYSBURG' - A FINANCIAL HISTORY: Media magnate Ted Turner made a $ 100,000
donation to a Civil War preservation group in return for the aid of hundreds of
volunteers who appeared as soldiers in his film "Gettysburg." The volunteers are
credited with helping keep down costs for the $ 20 million epic. Turner gave the
money to the Association for the Preservation of Civil War Sites, which used
part of it to buy 40 acres of the Tom's Brook Battlefield, the site of an Oct.
9, 1864, cavalry battle in the Shenandoah Valley of northern Virginia. The
remaining funds were used to start a drive to purchase the site of the Battle of
Malvern Hill, near Richmond, where troops fought on July 1, 1862. (Turner is
personally involved in selling his historical movie. See article, Page C1.)

SAY WHAT?

"He ladled gravy onto the plates of the powerful. Now we'll learn what they
ladled in return." - The Miami Herald, in an editorial concerning the arrest
this week in Spain of Miguel Recarey Jr., who is accused of siphoning off
between $ 200 million and $ 300 million in Medicare payments from International
Medical Centers Inc., once the largest health maintenance organization in the
nation. Recarey had a habit of lavishing money on politicians, including Florida
gubernatorial candidate Jeb Bush and the late U.S. Rep. Claude Pepper.

ELSEWHERE A Scottish tourist needed 56 stitches after being stabbed three times
during a robbery early Thursday in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. . . . Mostly black
North Carolina A&T State University in Greensboro got the go-ahead for its first
Ph.D. programs, in electrical and mechanical engineering. . . . Summerville
(S.C.) High School coach John McKissick stepped off the sidelines and into
history Friday night, becoming the winningest coach in football. The Green Wave
gave their coach of 42 seasons his 406th victory, the most ever in high school,
college or the pros, with a 42-0 win over Wando. . . . Britain's Prince Philip
is visiting Virginia to judge a carriage riding competition.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932830048

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of Ted Turner

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

HAWKS NOT IN HURRY TO SWITCH Hurry-up offense effective vs. Rams

BYLINE: Jayson Jenks Seattle Times<br>

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: RENTON, Wash.


This question seems to pop up every year: Should the Seahawks turn to their
hurry-up, no-huddle offense regularly?

At the least, it's an interesting debate, and it comes into focus again after
the Seahawks used that offense effectively in the second half against the Rams
last week.

The theory has been floated before that quarterback Russell Wilson and the
offense are at their best in the hurry-up. The Seahawks averaged close to a yard
more per play in the second half compared with the first half using the hurry-up
against the Rams, and they became more efficient on third down.

So if the Seahawks look out of whack again or if the offensive line struggles,
could coach Pete Carroll turn to the hurry-up offense more?

"We'll continue to work at it and mix it in when we think it's necessary,"
Carroll said.

Part of the issue is that the style clashes with Carroll's preference. He always
has wanted to be a physical, running team, and it can't be overstated how much
of a core tenet that is for him. The hurry-up offense doesn't exactly run
contradictory to that thinking, but it doesn't exactly mesh, either.

Another time this debate stirred to life was after Seattle looked more effective
in the hurry-up in a loss to San Diego last year. After the game, Wilson was
asked if the team would lean on that offense more.

"That's something we can hop into," he said last year, "but we usually try to
sustain the clock in terms of running the football. But when we need to, we can
do it."

The other part of this is that there are inherent challenges, if not problems,
with using the hurry-up full time.

"I wouldn't get infatuated with it," receiver Doug Baldwin said after the Rams
game. "We did that my rookie season in 2011 and it worked extremely well for us
in the New York Giants game that year. Then we came back and tried to do it
against Cleveland, and it didn't work too well. We did it some other times, and
it didn't work too well. Once teams see it, they prepare for it. There's a lot
of things that go into it that allow it to be successful one week and then not
allow it to be successful the next week."

The benefits are clear. The pace of play forces defenses to simplify. They can't
substitute freely. They can't match up with offensive personnel as easily. And
they often have to reveal their hand because they can't disguise or be as
creative with the threat of a quick snap.

But as much as defenses have to get vanilla, Seattle's offense also gets more
basic. And though it can wear out defenses, it also fatigues the Seahawks'
offense.

The best guess is that the Seahawks won't change. The offense will look like it
always does - Marshawn Lynch setting the course and everything else spinning off
him - but in the moments when they need a jolt or when the game dictates it,
they'll roll out the hurry-up, just like always.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           November 7, 2012 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

HOLGORSEN TAKING ON THE OFFENSE HE BUILT

BYLINE: Jenn Menendez, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; WEST VIRGINIA; Pg. D-2

LENGTH: 511 words


MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- Dana Holgorsen's fingerprints will be all over Oklahoma
State's offense Saturday when West Virginia travels to Stillwater, Okla., trying
to turn the season around.

Holgorsen spent a year as offensive coordinator for the Cowboys before coming to
West Virginia for the same position with the caveat that he would eventually be
head coach.

He installed the offense at Oklahoma State that he runs at West Virginia, and
has found watching game tape this week to be a little eerie.

"It's like we're looking in a mirror because of what they do offensively, what
they do defensively," said Holgorsen at his weekly news conference. "As many of
you know, there's a lot of crossover [on the staff]. There's a lot of
familiarity. We know a lot about their players and their schemes. There's not
many secrets that exist in today's [day and age]."

Oklahoma State has the nation's No. 2 ranked total offense, No. 3 ranked passing
offense and No. 8 ranked scoring offense.

Compare that to the Mountaineers No. 19 ranked total offense, No. 5 ranked
passing offense and No. 9 ranked scoring offense.

Holgorsen had NFL first-round pick Brandon Weeden to work with at quarterback
while at Oklahoma State.

The Cowboys have had injury problems at the position this year and coach Mike
Gundy said this week it's unclear who will start on Saturday -- Wes Lunt or
backup Clint Chelf.

Regardless who it is, Holgorsen expects to see a very familiar offense.

"It hasn't changed much at all. There's some specific things that they do better
than we do. It's the same offense," he said. "If you look at it very closely,
it's called the same and a lot of the routes are the same. There's always going
to be tweaks here and tweaks there, an added formation, or a different run play
or a different pass play out of a different set."

As for changing signals?

"We do it every week anyway," said Holgorsen. "I've watched a couple of TV
copies here, and I can call out about 90 percent of their plays. So I'd assume
that's something that is on their mind as well as it is on our mind. We have to
be careful what we do from both an offensive standpoint and a defensive
standpoint."

Co-defensive coordinator Joe DeForest also came from Oklahoma State. He spent 11
years on the staff, his most significant as special teams coordinator, and was
known as a strong recruiter.

"Makes me more motivated," DeForest said. "Don't want to say this game means
more to me than any other game but it's heightened for a lot of reasons. I was
there for 11 years, have a lot of friends and family and my daughter goes to
school there.

"I want to go out play well, win, come back."

Quarterbacks coach Jake Spavital was a graduate assistant there in 2010.

Gundy said he doesn't expect the homecoming to affect things drastically.

"Once you get into a game, it's not much different than any other game," he
said. "They are much more familiar with us than we are with them. They've been
here. We only know them; we don't know their players. Once the game gets going,
in most cases you actually forget who's on the other side."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Jenn Menendez: jmenendez@post-gazette.com and Twitter @JennMenendez./

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ed Zurga/Getty Images: Oklahoma State running back Joseph Randle
leads the Big 12 with 934 yards rushing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Oklahoma offense making gains in Big 12 efficiency ratings

BYLINE: Berry Tramel

SECTION:

LENGTH: 653 words


[img width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]3901579[/img]Time for the weekly
Big 12 efficiency rankings, in which we measure offenses and defenses by their
success rate. Did the offense score? Did the defense prevent a score? So this
ranking is by points per possession, and it's a tidy little summary of how
efficient an offense or a defense has performed.We're five weeks into the
conference season, every team has played four or five games, so we're starting
to get a good read on exactly where lays a team's offensive or defensive
strength or weakness.OFFENSIVE EFFICIENCY

Baylor 4.52: This number isn't likely to stay this high with true freshman
Jarrett Stidham taking over at quarterback. But how low will it go?TCU 3.82: The
Horned Frogs have been incredibly consistent on offense since a rocky start at
Minnesota.Oklahoma 3.37: The Sooners are getting better and better on offense -
111 offensive points the last two weeks on 24 possessions. That's Baylor
territory.Texas Tech 3.08: The Red Raiders likely would still be ahead of OU if
they had been allowed to play against their own defense last week. But trouble
brews. Tech has just 50 points in 26 offensive possessions the last two weeks
against the Sooners and Kansas.Oklahoma State 2.56: Getting more and more
respectable, but Tech and TCU will test the Cowboys the next two weeks.Iowa
State 2.25: Not a terrible number - get 12 possessions, average 2.25 points per
possession, and that's 27 points. But Mark Mangino still lost his job.Kansas
State 1.84: K-State's offense has hit the skids; nine points in 23 possessions
the last two weeks against OU and Texas.West Virginia 1.83: Maybe Dana
Holgorsen's offense can get well the next two games, against TCU and Texas
Tech.Texas 1.43: Still a dreadful offense, despite back-to-back victories.Kansas
0.81: I'm running out of things to say about Kansas.

DEFENSIVE EFFICIENCY

Oklahoma 1.47: The Sooners easily passed a big test against Texas Tech. Their
reward? A game against Kansas.Oklahoma State 1.50: Only Kansas State,
inexplicably, has torched the Cowboy defense.Baylor 1.91: With Seth Russell
injured, Baylor might actually need its defense to stay stingy.Texas 2.12: The
Longhorns are turning into a decent defense; 26 points allowed on 21 possessions
the last two games.TCU 2.45: Who would have guessed that the Frogs ranked ahead
of the Mountaineers? Of course, West Virginia has played Baylor and OU. TCU has
not.West Virginia 2.68: The Mountaineers play at TCU on Thursday night, but
after that, the offenses lighten up.Kansas State 3.19: The Wildcats get Baylor
and Texas Tech back-to-back. Doesn't seem like K-State is prepared for that
onslaught.Texas Tech 3.29: If you watch Texas Tech play, you'd guess that this
number would be 13.29 points per possession. That's one bad defense.Iowa State
3.31: I wonder if Mangino was fired for pointing out that his offense actually
was performing much better than the Cyclone defense?Kansas 3.76: The Jayhawks
this week get the pleasure of trying to stop the Sooners.

PROJECTIONSUsing these numbers, we can estimate how a game might go, both in
terms of who will win and what kind of score. It's not a prediction, it's just a
projection on the type of game a matchup might provide. You average a team's
offensive efficiency with its opponent's defensive efficiency, then divide by
the average number of possessions for each.Oklahoma State at Texas Tech: Cowboys
41-31. This seems about right, doesn't it? Everyone has scored on Tech. Seems
like a good place for the Cowboys to continue the momentum obtained from playing
Kansas.Oklahoma at Kansas: Sooners 45-15. Seems a little low, but you never
know.West Virginia at TCU: Horned Frogs 44-30. Maybe the Mountaineers can score
this many. If so, at least it's a ballgame.Texas at Iowa State: Cyclones 29-28.
Surprised? I was. But the numbers say Iowa State should be more than competitive
against Texas.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Oklahoma offense making gains in Big 12 efficiency ratings

BYLINE: Berry Tramel

SECTION:

LENGTH: 653 words


[img width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]3901579[/img]Time for the weekly
Big 12 efficiency rankings, in which we measure offenses and defenses by their
success rate. Did the offense score? Did the defense prevent a score? So this
ranking is by points per possession, and it's a tidy little summary of how
efficient an offense or a defense has performed.We're five weeks into the
conference season, every team has played four or five games, so we're starting
to get a good read on exactly where lays a team's offensive or defensive
strength or weakness.OFFENSIVE EFFICIENCY

Baylor 4.52: This number isn't likely to stay this high with true freshman
Jarrett Stidham taking over at quarterback. But how low will it go?TCU 3.82: The
Horned Frogs have been incredibly consistent on offense since a rocky start at
Minnesota.Oklahoma 3.37: The Sooners are getting better and better on offense -
111 offensive points the last two weeks on 24 possessions. That's Baylor
territory.Texas Tech 3.08: The Red Raiders likely would still be ahead of OU if
they had been allowed to play against their own defense last week. But trouble
brews. Tech has just 50 points in 26 offensive possessions the last two weeks
against the Sooners and Kansas.Oklahoma State 2.56: Getting more and more
respectable, but Tech and TCU will test the Cowboys the next two weeks.Iowa
State 2.25: Not a terrible number - get 12 possessions, average 2.25 points per
possession, and that's 27 points. But Mark Mangino still lost his job.Kansas
State 1.84: K-State's offense has hit the skids; nine points in 23 possessions
the last two weeks against OU and Texas.West Virginia 1.83: Maybe Dana
Holgorsen's offense can get well the next two games, against TCU and Texas
Tech.Texas 1.43: Still a dreadful offense, despite back-to-back victories.Kansas
0.81: I'm running out of things to say about Kansas.

DEFENSIVE EFFICIENCY

Oklahoma 1.47: The Sooners easily passed a big test against Texas Tech. Their
reward? A game against Kansas.Oklahoma State 1.50: Only Kansas State,
inexplicably, has torched the Cowboy defense.Baylor 1.91: With Seth Russell
injured, Baylor might actually need its defense to stay stingy.Texas 2.12: The
Longhorns are turning into a decent defense; 26 points allowed on 21 possessions
the last two games.TCU 2.45: Who would have guessed that the Frogs ranked ahead
of the Mountaineers? Of course, West Virginia has played Baylor and OU. TCU has
not.West Virginia 2.68: The Mountaineers play at TCU on Thursday night, but
after that, the offenses lighten up.Kansas State 3.19: The Wildcats get Baylor
and Texas Tech back-to-back. Doesn't seem like K-State is prepared for that
onslaught.Texas Tech 3.29: If you watch Texas Tech play, you'd guess that this
number would be 13.29 points per possession. That's one bad defense.Iowa State
3.31: I wonder if Mangino was fired for pointing out that his offense actually
was performing much better than the Cyclone defense?Kansas 3.76: The Jayhawks
this week get the pleasure of trying to stop the Sooners.

PROJECTIONSUsing these numbers, we can estimate how a game might go, both in
terms of who will win and what kind of score. It's not a prediction, it's just a
projection on the type of game a matchup might provide. You average a team's
offensive efficiency with its opponent's defensive efficiency, then divide by
the average number of possessions for each.Oklahoma State at Texas Tech: Cowboys
41-31. This seems about right, doesn't it? Everyone has scored on Tech. Seems
like a good place for the Cowboys to continue the momentum obtained from playing
Kansas.Oklahoma at Kansas: Sooners 45-15. Seems a little low, but you never
know.West Virginia at TCU: Horned Frogs 44-30. Maybe the Mountaineers can score
this many. If so, at least it's a ballgame.Texas at Iowa State: Cyclones 29-28.
Surprised? I was. But the numbers say Iowa State should be more than competitive
against Texas.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 16, 2005 Tuesday

Twenty points shouldn't be too much to ask

BYLINE: Gene Frenette

SECTION: Gene Frenette; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 573 words


Nobody is asking, or even remotely suggesting, that the Jaguars' offense in 2005
should be on par with the Indianapolis Colts. The personnel hasn't changed that
drastically, so any quantum leaps for this unit won't likely be fulfilled by
simply drafting Matt Jones and hiring Carl Smith.

Let's keep the demands for this relatively young offense at a reasonable level.
Put aside all the pledges about how the Jaguars are going to have a more
vertical passing game because, in the end, style doesn't matter if you're not
getting into the end zone.

Do you honestly care whether the Jaguars' offense becomes more potent by means
of a consistent ground attack or a bombs-away philosophy? No, it's all about
winning enough to reach the postseason. Everything else is window dressing.

However, since the Jaguars' offense has been such an NFL bottom-feeder the past
two seasons, and this team has legitimate playoff expectations, there should be
a standard for improvement that is attainable for Byron Leftwich and his
surrounding cast.

Here's my benchmark for the offense to lift the Jaguars into the playoffs -- a
four-point improvement per game over the 2004 season. A jump from 16.3 points
per game to at least 20 isn't too much to ask, is it?

Don't judge the first-team offense by that preseason opener against the Miami
Dolphins. The Jaguars who beat the Colts and Green Bay Packers on the road last
season didn't just suddenly transform into the Chicago Bears junior varsity.
That kind of drop-off is usually reserved for when they play the Houston Texans.

But seriously, folks, what's another four points for an offense that was 29th in
the NFL in scoring and 31st in red-zone efficiency (19 touchdowns in 45 trips
inside the 20) in 2004? That's taking one field goal per game and turning it
into a touchdown.

If the Jaguars can't average 20 or more points, then why did they invest their
last two first-round picks on receivers and the one before that on Leftwich?
Owner Wayne Weaver didn't shell out $26 million in guaranteed money on three
high-profile players to have a pedestrian offense.

Coach Jack Del Rio says he's never established a point standard for his offense,
but does concede this general goal for 2005: "More [points] than we've had the
last couple years and enough to win. I don't care to get into a total."

I do. Twenty per game looks like a magic number.

A 20-point average was achieved by 89 NFL teams in the last five years, and 56
of them (63 percent) made it to the playoffs. For these Jaguars, that percentage
will probably be higher because their stout defense should make for better field
position and more scoring opportunities.

Every projected starter on defense is either at his career peak or young enough
to be getting better. The Jaguars went to the playoffs from 1996-99 with an
offense that averaged 23.5 points in that span. The 2005 offense doesn't have to
be that potent. Just reaching last year's NFL average of 21.5 points might be
enough to win 12 games because Jacksonville's defense could be special.

"They're fun to be around and they play hard," said defensive coordinator Mike
Smith. "You just put the key in the ignition and let it go."

Just ask Peyton Manning how much harder it was to score on the Jaguars than
everybody else.

Now it's time for the Jaguars' offense to reciprocate. Weaver is certainly
paying them enough to score four more lousy points a game.

gene.frenette@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4540

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: None

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

No. 16 FSU ready for dynamic Wolfpack offense

BYLINE: Dustin Kent, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 613 words


Nov. 14--In last week's 23-13 loss to Clemson in Death Valley, No. 16 Florida
State saw its dreams of a fourth straight ACC title and a return trip to the
College Football Playoff fall by the wayside.

But the Seminoles (7-2 overall, 5-2 in the ACC) have no time to lick their
wounds with a talented North Carolina State team coming to Doak Campbell Stadium
at 11:30 a.m. CST (ACC Network).

The Wolfpack (6-3, 2-3) have lost three of their past five games after a 4-0
start, but they present a real threat with a dynamic offense led by a talented
senior quarterback.

The NC State offense ranks No. 16 in the country in offensive efficiency and
posted 65 combined points against top defenses Clemson and Boston College, with
FSU combining for just 27 in its two matchups with them.

FSU coach Jimbo Fisher said it all starts with quarterback Jacoby Brissett, who
has thrown for 37 total touchdowns with just seven interceptions since the start
of the 2014 season when he joined the Wolfpack after transferring from Florida.

"He makes plays," Fisher said. "He's hard to get on the ground, down the field.
Their wing, or tight end, wingback, tailback, he does everything for them. He's
a really, really good player. He's strong in the pocket and can make all the
throws. He has mobility and can escape. On top of that, he's so strong, getting
him on the ground (is tough). And he can throw in tight areas with people
hanging on him."

Brissett is completing 64 percent of his passes and has thrown 14 touchdown
passes to two interceptions this season, while adding 141 yards two touchdowns
on the ground. Junior running back Matthew Dayes leads the team in rushing with
865 yards and 12 touchdowns with 6.5 yards per carry.

Fisher said the Wolfpack defense also presents problems with its size and
athleticism up front.

"The defensive front four are very good," Fisher said. "They're big, physical
guys up front that can rush the passer. (Defensive end Mike) Rose and those guys
can sack the quarterback. (Defensive tackle Kentavius) Street, (defensive tackle
B.J.) Hill, (defensive end Bradley) Chubb, all those guys are active.

"They have a great team, so we need to get our ducks in a row and finish out the
season very strong, have a great year. Hopefully our guys will look forward to
competing, which I think they will."

Despite not being able to play for any championships this season, Fisher said
it's important that his players not lose sight of the significance that does
remain over the final four games.

"I think right now it's about class and character," Fisher said. "That's what
you're going to find out, about the character of these young guys and the
organization and the class of it. Still at risk is a tremendous season, you know
what I'm saying? Our ultimate goal is to win a national championship, to go to
the playoffs, win the ACC. There's no doubt.

"But you can have great seasons if you don't still have those things happen to
you. You can still have 10-, 11-win seasons and go to a great bowl game and be
successful and win a high percentage of your games."

FSU comes in as a 10-point favorite. The Seminoles lead the series with the
Wolfpack 24-11, with the last N.C. State win coming in 2012 when it knocked of
then-No. 3 FSU 17-16.

Senior quarterback Everett Golson returns to his starting position under center
after missing the past two games due to a concussion.

Sophomore running back Dalvin Cook needs just 12 yards to break the school's
single-season rushing record of 1,242 yards set by Warrick Dunn in 1995.

___ (c)2015 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151114-PY-No-16-FSU-ready-for-dynamic-Wolfpack-offense-1114-20151114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2015 The News Herald


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

B-CU's foe will be familiar Ex-assistant now at Prairie View

BYLINE: BRENT WORONOFF, BRENT WORONOFF - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION B; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 646  words


Bethune-Cookman and Prairie View A&M have never met before on the football
field. But neither team is likely to surprise the other

when they open the season Sunday in Orlando in the MEAC/SWAC Challenge.

Mark Orlando, B-CU's offensive coordinator last year, is now the offensive
coordinator at Prairie View. And Panthers assistant coach Prince Pearson is a
cousin of B-CU head coach Brian Jenkins. "When you coach long enough you
encounter different scenarios," Orlando said. "And meeting your previous school
in your first game is a little different."

With Orlando running B-CU's offense last year, the Wildcats were second in
Football Championship Subdivision in scoring at 38.17 points per game. While
Orlando brings his no-huddle spread offense to the Southwestern Athletic
Conference school, B-CU has replaced him with another guru of the spread in
former Toledo, Clemson and Syracuse offensive coordinator Rob Spence.

So the offenses on display at the Florida Citrus Bowl might be mirror images of
each other, while the defenses may feel like they're facing their own team --
just like in practice. "Mark knows us, but we also know Mark," Jenkins said. "It
evens out. We still have to line up and play the game. And regardless of how
well we know them, they're a very good football team. They're a big team,
they're very aggressive on defense and they have a lot of athletes. We have a
serious task ahead of us."

Orlando said that because B-CU is the opening opponent, he has made some changes
in his offense.

Naturally I don't want to go in there running the same type of offense we ran at
Bethune-Cookman," he said. "We made some changes in our schemes that fit our
personnel.

Basically, a no-huddle offense is a no-huddle offense, but we're probably using
a tighta little more than we have in the past, and you'll probably see some
different things formation-wise."

The Panthers' offense won't be the only thing familiar to Jenkins on Sunday.
Pearson, Prairie View's assistant head coach, is a "down- the-line cousin,"
Jenkins said.

We grew up playing football against each other (in Fort Lauderdale)," Jenkins
said. "He played for St. Thomas Aquinas, and I played for Dillard. They're big
rivals. And then we played again in college when he was at Minnesota and I was
at Cincinnati, so it's been a continuous battle."

When asked if he and Pearson talk a lot, Jenkins quipped, "We did."

Orlando returns to the SWAC, where he coached for 17 seasons at Southern and
Texas Southern before joining Jenkins' first staff at B- CU last year.

Orlando said Prairie View made a "better financial offer" than B- CU could, but
the main reason why he made the move was because of his wife, who is a flight
attendant.

It's easier for her to be based out of Houston," Orlando said. "When we lived in
Daytona Beach, she had 80 miles to commute to her own base.

It felt great to be back in the state of Florida," the former Florida State
quarterback said. "But my wife and I felt this was a good opportunity for both
of us."

Just like last year, Orlando has joined a team with a new head coach. Heishma
Northern, the Panthers' former defensive coordinator, played for Orlando at
Southern and coached with him at Texas Southern.

The Panthers, 7-4 last season, are breaking in a new quarterback and a new
receiver corps. Orlando also worked with an inexperienced group last year at
B-CU, and the Wildcats wound up finishing 10-2 and winning a share of the
Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.

Coaching is overrated," Orlando said. "We had two or three Division I-A players
transfer in before last season, and that made a big difference at Bethune."

This year the Wildcats have about 10 transfers from major schools, including
former Maryland quarterback Jamarr Robinson.

Bethune-Cookman vs. Prairie View A&M

WHAT: MEAC/SWAC Challenge presented by Disney

WHEN: Noon Sunday

WHERE: Florida Citrus Bowl, Orlando

TV: ESPN

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Mark Orlando

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2011 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2011 News-Journal Corporation


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            January 21, 2011 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Musgrave has offensive system to call his own;
The Vikings offense will have elements of the West Coast system, but other
influences will aim to take advantage of team strengths.

BYLINE: CHIP SCOGGINS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 612 words


Bill Musgrave played in the West Coast offense and has coached in it, so he
admits he will incorporate his knowledge of that system as the new Vikings
offensive coordinator.

But Musgrave emphasized that his offense will draw on ideas and concepts from
other schemes as well. He even has a name for it.

"It will definitely be the Minnesota Vikings system," Musgrave said Thursday.

Coach Leslie Frazier said Musgrave's background in different offenses made him
an attractive candidate. Musgrave has experience in the West Coast as an NFL
player and coach, but he also has worked in other systems, most recently as
Atlanta Falcons quarterbacks coach under offensive coordinator Mike Mularkey.

"When we sat and talked -- and we talked for a number of years about the
potential of our being able to work together -- the fact that he wasn't just
tied to one system but could see globally, that was important to me," Frazier
said. "We have a multitude of weapons on offense.

"Sometimes you can get so tied up in a system that you don't see the forest
through the trees. It was important to me that he understood the importance of
utilizing the strengths of our players on offense."

Frazier said Musgrave will have full control of the offense, calling it "Bill's
baby." Musgrave said his system will reflect ideas he inherited from coaches
throughout his playing and coaching career, including Mike Shanahan and
Mularkey.

"There will be some language that our guys will recognize right off the bat
because it will have some West Coast roots," he said. "And it will have some
formations and protections that are more along the Pittsburgh Steelers offense,
which we ran down here in Atlanta with Coach Mularkey."

Musgrave indicated he wants to simplify complications associated with the West
Coast system.

"I believe in minimal verbiage and we'll make it very streamlined," he said.
"We'll make the formations easy to learn for the guys because I believe in
players playing fast. We don't want them out there thinking what word was used
for this or that."

The Vikings' top priority is establishing a plan at quarterback. Frazier said
Musgrave's history of developing young quarterbacks also was a "major factor" in
his hiring. He worked with Matt Schaub at the University of Virginia and most
recently helped Atlanta's Matt Ryan become a Pro Bowl quarterback.

Both Frazier and Musgrave said the ideal scenario would be to draft a
quarterback in the early rounds and let him learn on the job. The Vikings select
No. 12 overall in the draft.

"Ideally, you'd like to find the Matt Ryans of the world, the Joe Flaccos of the
world and ride with one of those guys," Frazier said. "That really gives you a
chance for the long term. If we have to go with a veteran guy while we're
developing that young guy, I'm not opposed to that either. But ideally, find a
young guy, build around him and know you're going to have him for that next nine
or 10 years as your starting quarterback."

Musgrave endured some tough times as a coordinator in previous stops in Carolina
and Jacksonville, but Frazier expressed confidence that he's ready for another
shot in this role.

"There have been a number of successful coaches that along the way had some
bumps in the road," Frazier said. "In some ways he's no different in that
regard, but the fact that he's learned from each experience and he's gotten
better and better as a football coach to the point where he was the assistant
head coach in Atlanta.

"He was the next guy in waiting there for their offensive coordinator position.
Just his history during his time in Atlanta has convinced me that Bill is going
to do a great job for us as an offensive coordinator."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 29, 2012 Saturday

Jags' offense not so foreign to Cincinnati;
Coordinator held same position with Bengals until 2010.;
BENGALS

BYLINE: ByJayMorrison

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 353 words


CINCINNATI - The offense the Cincinnati Ben-gals will face Sunday in
Jacksonville will be similar to the one many veterans competed against in
practice for a number of years.

Bob Bratkowski, who was the Bengals' offensive coordinator from 2001-2010, is in
his first season in that same role with the Jaguars.

"It's fairly similar to what he did here," Cincinnati defensive coordinator Mike
Zimmer said of the scheme Bratkowski is running with the Jaguars. "It's his
offense."

Those words alone may have many Bengals supporters feeling confident about
Sunday's game. Bratkowski had some early success in Cincinnati - the 2005 AFC
North Division champions ranked sixth in the NFL in total offense but toward the
end of his 10-year tenure with the club, he was drawing the brunt of fans'
criticism, with predictable play calling and a lack of results the main talking
points.

His offense finished last among 32 teams in 2008, and it had only improved to
20th by 2010, leading to his firing.

Bratkowski spent last season as the quarterbacks coach in Atlanta, working
alongside offensive coordinator Mike Mularkey, who was hired as head coach at
Jacksonville in the offseason and brought Bratkowski along as his OC.

Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis said the Jaguars' offense he sees on film looks
familiar to what the team ran under Bratkowski, but it also has elements of what
Mularkey ran as Steelers offensive coordinator in 2001-03.

"There's obviously some similarities to things because ours was similar to what
Bob did and was comfortable with in Seattle," Lewis said. "But I'm sure he's
learned some from the things they were doing in Pittsburgh with Mike. It's kind
of collaboration of both."

Through three games, Jacksonville ranks 30th in total offense, averaging 268.3
yards. But the Cincinnati defense has had its struggles, allowing 416.7 ypg,
which ranks 29th.

"You do worry a little bit about, 'OK, he knows all of our blitzes,' " Zimmer
said. "But I know all of his checks and things like that. But, you know, it's
the guys out on the field who matter."

Contact this reporterat 513-820-2193 oremail Jay.Morrison@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            November 6, 2012 Tuesday

UF keeps to its routine;
Gators not expecting to add work on offense for Louisiana-Lafayette

BYLINE: Hays Carlyon

SECTION: Pg. C-3

LENGTH: 327 words


GAINESVILLE | Florida's offense needs work.

The Gators are 102nd out of 120 Football Bowl Subdivision teams in total offense
, averaging 332.7 yards a game. UF is 78th in scoring offense at 26 points a
game.

With the Southeastern Conference portion of the schedule complete, and two
overmatched teams coming up, Florida could elect to devote more time in practice
to fixing its issues.

However, according to Florida coach Will Muschamp, UF will make no adjustments
to its practice routine. The seventh-ranked Gators (8-1, 7-1 SEC) host
Louisiana-Lafayette (5-3) at 12:20 p.m. on Saturday. The Ragin' Cajuns, a Sun
Belt Conference team, have lost to Oklahoma State, North Texas and Arkansas
State.

"It's all the same to me," Muschamp said. "This is a good football teaming come
in here. Having recruited in the state of Louisiana, where most of their players
are from, and south Mississippi, they've got really good skill people who can
run and play. The offense that they have creates issues for us defensively. If
you look at the numbers they're putting up, our total concentration is on them
completely."

The NCAA allows teams 20 hours of practice time a week. UF plays Football
Championship Series program Jacksonville State at home next week before
traveling to play Florida State in the regular-season finale. The Seminoles have
defeated UF the past two seasons and are tops in the nation in total defense.

"At the end of the day, you've got to prepare the same week in and week out,"
Florida quarterback Jeff Driskel said. "Every team has playmakers. We haven't
sat down and watched the film yet because we start on Monday afternoons, but
they're going to have playmakers. We're going to have to prepare well, and we're
going to have to play well. That's what it comes down to."

Hays Carlyon: (904) 359-4377

LOUISIANA-LAFAYETTE AT NO. 7 FLORIDA

When: 12:20 p.m. Saturday.

Where: Florida Field, Gainesville.

TV: WJXT TV-4.

Records: Louisiana-Lafayette is 5-3; UF is 8-1.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Stephen M. Dowell Orlando Sentinel Florida's Omarius Hines runs away from
Missouri linebacker Will Ebner for a touchdown during Saturday's game in
Gainesville.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

TODAY'S TOP SPORTS BRIEFSHOT DATESSomething local goes here xyxy xyxyx xyxyxyx

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 745 words


MISCELLANEOUS

1. AUSTIN ARRESTED FOR DRUG OFFENSES: Former Missouri State and Highland Park
basketball player Lamont Austin was arrested Tuesday in connection with drug
offenses in Topeka.

Austin was booked into the Shawnee County Jail about 1:55 p.m. in connection
with possession of opiates or narcotics with intent to sell within 1,000 feet of
a school, obstruction of the legal process, possession of drug paraphernalia, no
Kansas drug tax stamp, driving with a suspended license and failure to stop for
a red light.

Austin, a former All-State player for Highland Park, left the Missouri State
basketball team in January 2008, citing personal reasons.

2. NEW ROYALS SLATED FOR FANFEST: New Kansas City Royals Willie Bloomquist, Coco
Crisp, Kyle Farnsworth and Mike Jacobs will attend the 2009 Royals Fan Fest. The
new players will join manager Trey Hillman and other players at the event that
will run 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday and 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday at the Overland
Park Convention Center.

3. ARMSTRONG WILL RIDE DOWN UNDER: Lance Armstrong got a warmer reception Down
Under than he might have liked. After a training ride around the South Australia
capital Tuesday, the seven-time Tour de France winner assessed the local
conditions. "It was hot," he said.

Armstrong will make his professional comeback with the Astana team in the
six-stage Tour Down Under from Jan. 20-25.

4. RACING TEAMS ALIGN: Hall of Fame Racing became the latest NASCAR team to use
a merger to stave off collapse, aligning Tuesday with Yates Racing to keep its
operation running into the new season.

BASEBALL

1. LOWE, BRAVES AGREE TO DEAL: The Braves bounced right back from the
disappointment of losing John Smoltz.

Determined to rebuild a once-proud pitching staff that fell into disarray,
Atlanta reached a preliminary agreement Tuesday on a $60 million, four-year
contract with Derek Lowe and finalized a deal with Japanese all-star pitcher
Kenshin Kawakami.

Elsewhere, career saves leader Trevor Hoffman and the Milwaukee Brewers
announced their $6 million, one-year deal after the reliever passed a physical.

2. YANKEES PRESIDENT SUBPOENAED: A New York Assembly committee investigating the
use of millions of dollars in public funding to build the new Yankee Stadium has
subpoenaed the team's president. Assemblyman Richard Brodsky said the subpoenas
compel the officials to appear for questioning at a hearing Wednesday, and to
provide documents the committee wants for its investigation into whether public
money should be used for the new stadium in the Bronx.

3. FIRST PADRES MANAGER DIES: The first manager in San Diego Padres' history has
died. Preston Gomez was 85. He died Tuesday in Fullerton, Calif. Gomez took over
the expansion Padres in 1969 and later managed the Houston Astros and Chicago
Cubs.

Gomez was hit by a pickup truck last March in California and never fully
recovered from head injuries.

4. O'S SIGN JAPANESE RIGHTY: Right-hander Koji Uehara, 33, signed a two-year
contract Tuesday with the Baltimore Orioles, making him the first Japanese-born
player in franchise history.

FOOTBALL

1. CRABTREE HEADED TO NFL: Two-time All-American receiver Michael Crabtree is
leaving Texas Tech to catch passes in the NFL next season.

Crabtree announced his decision at a news conference Tuesday, with teammate and
Big 12 sack leader Brandon Williams also announcing his plans to turn pro.

2. BALL STATE'S DAVIS DECLARES: Quarterback Nate Davis, who led Ball State to a
12-0 start this past season, during which the Cardinals were ranked as high as
12th, will bypass his senior season to enter the NFL draft.

Also, All-American defensive end Aaron Maybin will skip his final two seasons at
Penn State and declare for the NFL draft. The 6-foot-4, 245-pound sophomore led
the Big Ten with 12 sacks.

3. SPAZIANI TO COACH BC: Frank Spaziani stayed at Boston College, even though he
was disappointed when he was passed over for the head coaching job in 2006. That
loyalty paid off Tuesday when the longtime assistant was promoted to the top
spot. The 61-year-old who built top defenses during his 10 years as coordinator
succeeds Jeff Jagodzinski, who was fired last Wednesday.

4. COLTS INTRODUCE CALDWELL: Jim Caldwell was officially introduced as the Colts
head coach Tuesday, replacing Tony Dungy. "He's very tough to follow," Caldwell
said at his introductory news conference. "But I'm not competing with Tony. I
want to build on the success we have had and move forward."

Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

TODAY'S TOP SPORTS BRIEFSHOT DATESSomething local goes here xyxy xyxyx xyxyxyx

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 745 words


MISCELLANEOUS

1. AUSTIN ARRESTED FOR DRUG OFFENSES: Former Missouri State and Highland Park
basketball player Lamont Austin was arrested Tuesday in connection with drug
offenses in Topeka.

Austin was booked into the Shawnee County Jail about 1:55 p.m. in connection
with possession of opiates or narcotics with intent to sell within 1,000 feet of
a school, obstruction of the legal process, possession of drug paraphernalia, no
Kansas drug tax stamp, driving with a suspended license and failure to stop for
a red light.

Austin, a former All-State player for Highland Park, left the Missouri State
basketball team in January 2008, citing personal reasons.

2. NEW ROYALS SLATED FOR FANFEST: New Kansas City Royals Willie Bloomquist, Coco
Crisp, Kyle Farnsworth and Mike Jacobs will attend the 2009 Royals Fan Fest. The
new players will join manager Trey Hillman and other players at the event that
will run 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday and 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday at the Overland
Park Convention Center.

3. ARMSTRONG WILL RIDE DOWN UNDER: Lance Armstrong got a warmer reception Down
Under than he might have liked. After a training ride around the South Australia
capital Tuesday, the seven-time Tour de France winner assessed the local
conditions. "It was hot," he said.

Armstrong will make his professional comeback with the Astana team in the
six-stage Tour Down Under from Jan. 20-25.

4. RACING TEAMS ALIGN: Hall of Fame Racing became the latest NASCAR team to use
a merger to stave off collapse, aligning Tuesday with Yates Racing to keep its
operation running into the new season.

BASEBALL

1. LOWE, BRAVES AGREE TO DEAL: The Braves bounced right back from the
disappointment of losing John Smoltz.

Determined to rebuild a once-proud pitching staff that fell into disarray,
Atlanta reached a preliminary agreement Tuesday on a $60 million, four-year
contract with Derek Lowe and finalized a deal with Japanese all-star pitcher
Kenshin Kawakami.

Elsewhere, career saves leader Trevor Hoffman and the Milwaukee Brewers
announced their $6 million, one-year deal after the reliever passed a physical.

2. YANKEES PRESIDENT SUBPOENAED: A New York Assembly committee investigating the
use of millions of dollars in public funding to build the new Yankee Stadium has
subpoenaed the team's president. Assemblyman Richard Brodsky said the subpoenas
compel the officials to appear for questioning at a hearing Wednesday, and to
provide documents the committee wants for its investigation into whether public
money should be used for the new stadium in the Bronx.

3. FIRST PADRES MANAGER DIES: The first manager in San Diego Padres' history has
died. Preston Gomez was 85. He died Tuesday in Fullerton, Calif. Gomez took over
the expansion Padres in 1969 and later managed the Houston Astros and Chicago
Cubs.

Gomez was hit by a pickup truck last March in California and never fully
recovered from head injuries.

4. O'S SIGN JAPANESE RIGHTY: Right-hander Koji Uehara, 33, signed a two-year
contract Tuesday with the Baltimore Orioles, making him the first Japanese-born
player in franchise history.

FOOTBALL

1. CRABTREE HEADED TO NFL: Two-time All-American receiver Michael Crabtree is
leaving Texas Tech to catch passes in the NFL next season.

Crabtree announced his decision at a news conference Tuesday, with teammate and
Big 12 sack leader Brandon Williams also announcing his plans to turn pro.

2. BALL STATE'S DAVIS DECLARES: Quarterback Nate Davis, who led Ball State to a
12-0 start this past season, during which the Cardinals were ranked as high as
12th, will bypass his senior season to enter the NFL draft.

Also, All-American defensive end Aaron Maybin will skip his final two seasons at
Penn State and declare for the NFL draft. The 6-foot-4, 245-pound sophomore led
the Big Ten with 12 sacks.

3. SPAZIANI TO COACH BC: Frank Spaziani stayed at Boston College, even though he
was disappointed when he was passed over for the head coaching job in 2006. That
loyalty paid off Tuesday when the longtime assistant was promoted to the top
spot. The 61-year-old who built top defenses during his 10 years as coordinator
succeeds Jeff Jagodzinski, who was fired last Wednesday.

4. COLTS INTRODUCE CALDWELL: Jim Caldwell was officially introduced as the Colts
head coach Tuesday, replacing Tony Dungy. "He's very tough to follow," Caldwell
said at his introductory news conference. "But I'm not competing with Tony. I
want to build on the success we have had and move forward."

Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday

Bruins chasing new beginning

BYLINE: SCOTT M. REID REGISTER WRITER, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 687 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


A month into his first season at Washington, Rick Neuheisel circled the wagons.

Neuheisel gathered the Huskies around him on a Friday night at Seattle's Crown
Plaza hotel and challenged them to make a stand the following day against
Colorado.

Washington's 0-2 start to the 1999 season had further raised the stakes of a
game that had already captured college football's attention, Neuheisel's first
meeting against Colorado since he left Boulder eight acrimonious months earlier.

"No one is talking about the men in this room, and how good of guys and players
you are and it's time for us to show," Neuheisel told his team that Friday
night.

Washington came from behind to beat Colorado, 31-24, a victory that propelled
the Huskies onto a course that would take them to within an overtime period
against UCLA of winning the Pac-10 title. A year later the Huskies won the
Pac-10 crown and the Rose Bowl.

"It certainly changed the fortunes, and I'm hopeful for a similar circumstance
Saturday night," Neuheisel said.

Neuheisel and his staff are convinced tonight's test against No. 23 Houston
(2-0) at the Rose Bowl can provide a similar launch point for UCLA (0-2), off to
its worst start since 1997 and reeling from a 35-0 loss to No. 19 Stanford, the
Bruins' worst ever Pac-10 home loss.

"We're in the same situation," said UCLA running backs coach Wayne Moses, an
assistant at Washington in 1999. "We're 0-2. We're at home we're playing against
a good football team but if we go out and play our game, we're capable of
getting this thing won. And you know once you get one then there's two and your
confidence grows and you just catch fire."

UCLA will have to do so against an explosive Houston offense that is averaging a
nation-leading 61 points per game while rolling up an average of 576.5 yards
total offense, 347 of those yards coming through the air. Cougars quarterback
Case Keenum is only the second player in NCAA history to throw for more than
5,000 yards in two seasons. Keenum is listed by Houston as day-to-day after
leaving in the third quarter of last week's 54-24 victory against Texas-El Paso
because of concussion-like symptoms. UCLA coaches said they expect Keenum to
play.

"It's not about Houston," UCLA offensive coordinator Norm Chow said. "Houston
has a very good football team. ... It's not about Houston this week. It's about
us."

In 1999, while the pre-game hype focused on Neuheisel's feud with Colorado and
his replacement, Gary Barnett, the Washington staff went about retooling the
Huskies offense and bolstering the team's confidence.

With the Huskies struggling with the offense Neuheisel brought from Colorado,
Neuheisel went to an option-oriented scheme, borrowing in part from the offense
UW quarterback Marques Tuiasosopo ran at nearby Woodinville High.

"I just think it picked everyone's spirits up," UCLA secondary coach Tim
Hundley, Washington's defensive coordinator, said of the offense change. "We
played smash mouth offensive football and defensively we kind of fed off that.
We had a bunch of guys who were really achievers.

"We didn't have a lot of drafted guys but we had a bunch of guys who played
really hard. We just got on a roll."

Eleven years later an option-oriented offense again holds the key to success.
UCLA's new Veer-like Pistol offense, marred so far by ineffective quarterback
play from an injured Kevin Prince, a string of dropped passes and untimely
penalties, ranks last in the Pac-10 in four major offensive categories.

"There is no question that if our offense can find a rhythm and put some points
on the board, especially in the first half, that our defense will feed off of
that," Neuheisel said.

"Hope is a wonderful thing. And while no one here has lost hope, we need to show
that we're getting there and there's no question that that can happen.

"We're not as far away as people think. And it looks like a million miles based
on the loss to Stanford based on the outcome and the score and all that stuff
but I don't see it as an insurmountable mountain. I think of it as a tremendous
challenge, one we have to accept and one we have to look forward to getting
done."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           October 18, 2008 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Plumber Joe on defence in US countdown

BYLINE: Tony Walker WASHINGTON. Tony Walker is the AFR's International Editor

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; International News; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 780 words


In these last two weeks of a presidential election campaign like no other,
political analysts scrutinise two leading indicators.

The first are polls in the swing states, or what are known as the "battleground"
states, and the second, no less important, are the candidates' campaign
schedules.

Campaign itineraries tell you where fortunes are rising, and falling, and which
states are considered to be in play or not.

Then there are the tracking polls that provide daily snapshots of the national
mood based on three-day rolling averages. These polls are volatile.

The latest Gallup tracking poll has Barack Obama up by just 2 percentage points,
at 49-47, after leading by near double digits earlier in the week.

With the candidates beginning their two-week countdown to November 4, Obama is
clearly on offence (the Americans pronounce it oh-fence) and John McCain is
playing defence (American pronunciation: dee-fence).

As Rahm Emanuel, the tough Illinois congressman, Obama adviser and former
Clinton administration official, put it: "Offence, offence, offence."

Thus Obama will this weekend push into four states won by George Bush in 2000
and 2004 that are critical for a McCain victory in 2008.

Obama's "red state tour" (red states are notionally Republican compared with
Democratic "blue states") includes Virginia, Missouri, North Carolina and
Florida, states in which the Democratic candidate is leading his opponent,
according to the polls.

He is also being pressed to take his campaign to North Dakota, Georgia, West
Virginia and Kentucky, where polls show he is in with a chance. Another red
state potentially in Democratic sights is Arkansas.

Add Colorado and Nevada in the south-west and Indiana in the mid-west and the
Democrats feel they stand a chance in at least six red states and possibly 12.
Iowa, which went to Bush in 2004, has been written off by the McCain campaign
and New Mexico seems to be gone as well.

Iowans have a special affection for Obama since he effectively launched his
improbable drive for the White House by winning the Iowa caucuses on January 3.

McCain, on the other hand, has little prospect of picking up any blue states,
even Pennsylvania, where the Republicans remain active in the hope that a large
blue-collar Catholic vote will break for their candidate. Polls show voters in
Pennsylvania moving towards Obama.

McCain, on defence, will seek to shore up Republican support in Florida, North
Carolina and Virginia.

One of the myths of 2004 is that Bush won a sweeping victory. As it happened, he
eked out a win in the electoral college after carrying Ohio by a narrow margin
(he won the mid-western state with 51 per cent of the vote).

If Ohio had gone to John Kerry, the Democrat would have won the election. The
difference in the end was less than 200,000 votes. It was that close.

So, put simply, McCain must win all the states carried by Bush in 2004,
including Iowa and New Mexico, to secure an improbable victory.

Obama knows that much can - and probably will - happen between now and November
4. No one is discounting an October surprise that might shift the calculus
dramatically, or the possibility that McCain will close more strongly than his
opponent, who has the reputation for being a "weak closer".

The McCain campaign has also proved itself to be opportunistic, and willing to
test the limits.

A day after the final presidential debate this week, it launched hundreds of
thousands of "robocalls" - so-called because they involve either an automated
message or a caller reading from a script - accusing Obama of having "worked
closely" with a domestic terrorist, reference to his association with 1960s
Weatherman Bill Ayers.

The calls are part of a last-ditch $US70 million ($100 million) Republican
effort to get out the vote for McCain - and neutralise losses in Congress.

The McCain campaign has also unearthed a working-class hero who doesn't like
paying taxes to help spread the message that Obama is a closet socialist who
wants to take money from the rich to give to the poor.

On a campaign stop in Ohio this week, Obama told Joe "the Plumber" Wurzelbacher
that he should be prepared to pay additional taxes, if he earned more than
$US250,000. to help "spread the wealth". The McCain campaign has pounced on
Obama's remarks to refocus the debate on the tax issue.

Joe the plumber has thus joined vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin's "Joe
sixpack" in the frontline of Republican defences. It turns out, however, that
Joe the plumber is not a qualified artisan and barely earns enough to pay taxes
anyway. But this won't stop the robocalls or an extension of his 15 minutes of
fame.

The silly season of presidential politics is upon us.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The McCain campaign has pounced on Barack Obama's encounter with
Joe Wurzelbacher, above, as proof of his socialist leanings. Photo Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            February 1, 2008 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

The running man;
Giants' commitment to the run under Kevin Gilbride hasn't been a passing fancy

BYLINE: By Mark Gaughan - NEWS SPORTS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 762 words


PHOENIX -- Kevin Gilbride has been labeled a pass-happy offensive coordinator
ever since he began calling plays for the Houston Oilers' run-and-shoot offense
in 1990.

There's a chance he could shed that reputation Sunday. If his New York Giants
can execute a ball-control game against the New England Patriots, Gilbride could
put a credit on his resume that would counterbalance the passing exploits his
teams have achieved in his 19-year NFL career.

Gilbride, more or less run out of town in San Diego in 1998, Pittsburgh in 2000
and Buffalo in 2003, has rediscovered success in the NFL by helping the Giants
get to Super Bowl XLII.

The man who has called the plays for a Houston offense that led the league in
passing four straight years, from 1990 to 1993, now runs a Giants offense that
ranked fourth in rushing and 21st in passing this year.

Gilbride says he never has been too worried about labels that fans and media
have placed on him.

"It's always been interesting to see how people try to define or dissect what
you're doing," Gilbride said this week. "Yet wherever I've been I've always done
what the head coach wanted offensively. The thing I've always felt good about is
I've been fortunate to be part of some very good football teams."

The Giants' offense has displayed brute force through much of the season. New
York's ground game is led by 264-pound running back Brandon Jacobs, who rushed
for 1,009 yards in just 11 games. Backup Ahmad Bradshaw, a 5-foot-9, 198-pound
rookie, has been an effective change-of-pace back the past five weeks.

The Giants' ground game destroyed the Buffalo Bills on Dec. 23, rolling up 289
rushing yards. New York got 100 rushing yards on Tampa's second-ranked defense
in the first round of the playoffs and got 134 on Green Bay's 11th-ranked
defense in the NFC title game.

Overall, New York has run more than it has passed in 12 of its last 17 games.
The Giants ran the ball 45 percent of the time this year, the 14th most
run-oriented percentage in the league. That's high compared with much of
Gilbride's career.

Gilbride takes great pride in his run-and-shoot days, when Hall of Fame
quarterback Warren Moon was running his offense.

"It has permeated the league, at least the formations and the approach,
spreading people out," he said. "Nobody is more reflective of that than the team
we're going to play Sunday. The Patriots are in four wides or five wides all the
time. In that sense, you kind of smile and realize that maybe that's been one of
the contributions you've made."

Gilbride points out that all of Houston's offensive success didn't earn him a
head-coaching job. After two great offensive years in Jacksonville, he got his
head-coaching chance with San Diego in 1997.

"It took me going to Jacksonville to run an offense that was considered not a
run-and-shoot attack," Gilbride said. "But that offense really employed about 85
to 90 percent run-and-shoot principles, and within two years I got a job in San
Diego."

Gilbride was fired in just his second season with the Chargers, with a record of
6-16. He went to Pittsburgh and ran a run-oriented attack with the Steelers. His
2000 team ranked fourth in rushing and 28th in passing. Still, he was fired and
his pass-happy label stuck.

Gregg Williams hired him to take over the Bills' offense in 2002, and in Drew
Bledsoe's first year as quarterback the Bills ranked fifth in passing and 11th
in both yards and points.

"I went to Buffalo and the first year had great success," Gilbride said. "Then
we lose four starters by GM's choice the next year, and we're not very good."

Gilbride rued the loss of Peerless Price after the 2002 season. The Bills also
discarded running back Larry Centers and tight end Jay Riemersma. They ranked
30th in yards and 28th in passing in 2003, and Gilbride and Williams were fired.

Still, the Bills leaned heavily on the pass throughout their struggles, throwing
63 percent of their plays. Buffalo passed on each of its first 59 third-down
opportunities that year.

When Gilbride has had good weapons, however, his offenses have succeeded.

In only one game this year, a late-season loss to Washington, has Gilbride been
criticized for throwing too much.

Can the Giants execute a ball-control attack and keep the Patriots' offense off
the field?

"You'd love to be able to keep the ball out of the hands of their offense,"
Gilbride said. "The problem is can you do that? You've got to do that by getting
first downs. If you can do it running the ball, that's great. But more
importantly, it's can you get the first downs?"

e-mail: mgaughan@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images New York Giants offensive coordinator Kevin Gilbride talks
strategy with quarterback Eli Manning. "You'd love to be able to keep the ball
out of the hands of their offense." -- Kevin Gilbride Buffalo News file photo
Buffalo's Drew Bledsoe listens to offensive coordinator Kevin Gilbride during a
2003 game. Gilbride was fired at the end of that season.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

Scuffling West Virginia a decided underdog

BYLINE: by BOB HERTZEL

LENGTH: 517 words


MORGANTOWN, W.Va. - The lowdown on West Virginia's Saturday journey to Fort
Worth, Texas, to take on TCU can be found in the opening point spread for this
Big 12 game between two of the conference's have-nots.

TCU opened as a 14-point favorite over the struggling Mountaineers, which might
seem to be a legitimate evaluation considering that TCU is 3-1 in home games
this season and West Virginia is still seeking its first road victory.

But in Big 12 games this season, and TCU has played five of them - more than
half their conference schedule - the Horned Frogs are averaging just 14.2
points.

That's right, a team averaging 14.2 points is a 14-point favorite over West
Virginia, which five games into last season ranked fifth in the nation in
scoring.

This season, WVU's offense is lackluster. The Mountaineers scored seven points
against Oklahoma, zero against Maryland and 12 against Kansas State. Their
record -3-5 overall, 1-4 Big 12 - is the same as TCU's.

The difference, and what explains the seemingly ridiculously high point spread,
is that TCU can play defense while WVU is hemorrhaging points - 73 to Baylor, 37
to Texas Tech and 35 to Kansas State in the past three games, all losses.

The bookmakers have to believe that TCU, ranked 92nd in the nation in scoring,
99th in passing offense, 108th in passing efficiency, 102nd in rushing offense
and 110th in first downs, will find a way to score against the Mountaineers.

It has been that bad on both sides of the ball for West Virginia, but it is the
offense that bothers coach Dana Holgorsen the most.

His analysis of his offense?

"We have got to figure out a way to move the ball and get it into the end zone,"
he said.

That would be easy to do if it were just one area of the offense that is holding
him back. But quarterback play has been awful, and the running game up and down.
The receivers have been hit or miss and the line play substandard.

Also, there are several players on the injured list, including center Pat Eger
who is day to day with an ankle injury; cornerback Daryl Worley, also day to day
with a shin injury after missing the game against Kansas State; linebacker Doug
Rigg, whose status is unknown after his second concussion; and defensive lineman
Dontrill Hyman, who is day to day with an ankle injury.

It makes it tough, but this is the portion of the football season when most
teams are short-handed.

"What can you do about it?" Holgorsen asked. "The next guy up has got to step in
and do the job. Injuries are no excuse. Shoot, I bet TCU would like to have its
best pass rushing end as well."

Clint Trickett figures to start at quarterback for WVU again this week, even
though he was yanked last week for Paul Millard as Holgorsen looked for a spark.

Trickett completed 15 of 28 passes for 227 yards but missed a lot of open
receivers and was hurt by drops.

"He was missing throws he should have made," Holgorsen said. "He had issues and
wasn't trusting his offensive line like he should have. He got antsy and his
eyes were not in the right place, and he missed some reads."

Bob Hertzel is a freelance writer.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                          September 30, 2006 Saturday

NFL

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 2382 words


Football

NFL

AMERICAN CONFERENCE

East

South

                                                                      WLTPc P P
                                                                         t  F A

New        210.66 5 5
England       7   0 1
N.Y. Jets  210.66 6 6
              7   8 0
Buffalo    120.33 5 5
              3   3 3
Miami      120.33 3 5
              3   6 4

                                                                      WLTPc P P
                                                                         t  F A

Indianapoli 3001.00 9 5
s              0    0 9
Jacksonvill 210.667 4 3
e                   7 8
Houston     030.000 4 9
                    9 8
Tennessee   030.000 3 7
                    3 6


North

                                                                      WLTPc P P
                                                                         t  F A

Baltimore 3001.00 7 2
             0    0 0
Cincinnat 3001.00 8 4
i            0    5 7
Pittsburg 120.333 4 5
h                 8 4
Cleveland 030.000 4 6
                  5 8


West

                                                                      WLTPc P P
                                                                         t  F A

San Diego  2001.00 6 7
              0    7
Denver     210.667 3 3
                   6 1
Kansas     020.000 1 3
City               6 2
Oakland    020.000 6 5
                     5


NATIONAL CONFERENCE

East

                                                                      WLTPc P P
                                                                         t  F A

Philadelphi 210.66 8 6
a              7   6 4
Dallas      110.50 4 3
               0   4 4
N.Y. Giants 120.33 8 9
               3   1 2
Washington  120.33 5 6
               3   7 1


South

                                                                      WLTPc P P
                                                                         t  F A

New        3001.00 7 4
Orleans       0    6 4
Atlanta    210.667 3 3
                   7 2
Carolina   120.333 4 6
                   5 0
Tampa Bay  030.000 2 6
                   7 7


North

                                                                      WLTPc P P
                                                                         t  F A

Chicago  3001.00 7 2
            0    9 3
Minnesot 210.667 5 4
a                1 8
Green    120.333 5 8
Bay              8 4
Detroit  030.000 3 7
                 7 4


West

                                                                      WLTPc P P
                                                                         t  F A

Seattle      3001.00 7 4
                0    2 6
St. Louis    210.667 4 4
                     7 4
Arizona      120.333 5 6
                     8 4
San          120.333 7 8
Francisco            1 5


Sunday's Games

Dallas at Tennessee, 1 p.m.

Miami at Houston, 1 p.m.

Arizona at Atlanta, 1 p.m.

Indianapolis at N.Y. Jets, 1 p.m.

Minnesota at Buffalo, 1 p.m.

San Diego at Baltimore, 1 p.m.

San Francisco at Kansas City, 1 p.m.

New Orleans at Carolina, 1 p.m.

Detroit at St. Louis, 4:05 p.m.

Jacksonville at Washington, 4:15 p.m.

Cleveland at Oakland, 4:15 p.m.

New England at Cincinnati, 4:15 p.m.

Seattle at Chicago, 8:15 p.m.

Open: Pittsburgh, Denver, N.Y. Giants, Tampa Bay

Monday's Game

Green Bay at Philadelphia, 8:30 p.m.

Players of the Week

AFC

Week 3

Offense - WR T.J. Houshmandzadeh, Cincinnati

Defense - S Kerry Rhodes, N.Y. Jets

Special - PR Terrence Wilkins, Indianapolis

Week 2

Offense - QB Peyton Manning, Indianapolis

Defense - CB Rashean Mathis, Jacksonville

Special - S Coy Wire, Buffalo

Week 1

Offense - QB Chad Pennington, N.Y. Jets

Defense - LB Ray Lewis, Baltimore

Special - PK Adam Vinatieri, Indianapolis

NFC

Week 3

Offense - QB Brett Favre, Green Bay

Defense - LB Scott Fujita, New Orleans

Special - PK John Kasay, Carolina

Week 2

Offense - QB Eli Manning, N.Y. Giants

Defense - DT Tommie Harris, Chicago

Special - K Ryan Longwell, Minnesota

Week 1

Offense - QB Kurt Warner, Arizona

Defense - DE John Abraham, Atlanta

Special - PK Jeff Wilkins, St. Louis

Players of the Month

AFC

September

Offense - WR Laveranues Coles, N.Y. Jets

Defense - LB Bart Scott, Baltimore

Special - PK Matt Stover, Baltimore

NFC

September

Offense - QB Rex Grossman, Chicago

Defense - S Ken Hamlin, Seattle

Special - PK John Carney, New Orleans

Rookies of the Month

Offense

Sept. - OT Marcus McNeill, San Diego

Defense

Sept. - S Donte Whitner, Buffalo

Injury Report

NEW YORK (AP) - The updated National Football League injury report for this
week's games, as provided by the league:

Sunday

MIAMI DOLPHINS AT HOUSTON TEXANS - Miami Dolphins: QUESTIONABLE: G Joe Berger
(Foot); LB Derrick Pope (Hamstring). PROBABLE: CB Travis Daniels (Ankle); CB
Eddie Jackson (Toe). Houston Texans: OUT: CB Demarcus Faggins (Foot).
QUESTIONABLE: C Mike Flanagan (Foot); DE Antwan Peek (Groin).

SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS AT KANSAS CITY CHIEFS - San Francisco 49ers: OUT: G Larry
Allen (Knee); TE Vernon Davis (Fibula). QUESTIONABLE: WR Taylor Jacobs
(Hamstring); DE Ronald Fields (Shoulder). PROBABLE: RB Maurice Hicks (Ankle); TE
Delanie Walker (Shoulder); RB Michael Robinson (Shoulder); RB Frank Gore (Ribs).
Kansas City Chiefs: OUT: QB Trent Green (Head). QUESTIONABLE: T Kyle Turley
(Back).

DALLAS COWBOYS AT TENNESSEE TITANS - Dallas Cowboys: QUESTIONABLE: WR Terrell
Owens (Hand). Tennessee Titans: OUT: TE Erron Kinney (Knee). QUESTIONABLE: C
Eugene Amano (Ankle); P Craig Hentrich (Back); G Benji Olson (Calf); G Zach
Piller (Ankle); DT Robaire Smith (Hamstring); RB Ahmard Hall (Ankle); DE Antwan
Odom (Knee); LB Robert Reynolds (Thigh); RB Chris Brown (Toe).

ARIZONA CARDINALS AT ATLANTA FALCONS - Arizona Cardinals: QUESTIONABLE: LB James
Darling (Calf). PROBABLE: TE Fred Wakefield (Back). Atlanta Falcons:
QUESTIONABLE: DE John Abraham (Groin); LB Edgerton Hartwell (Knee). PROBABLE: CB
DeAngelo Hall (Calf).

SAN DIEGO CHARGERS AT BALTIMORE RAVENS - San Diego Chargers: OUT: S Bhawoh Jue
(Knee); S Terrence Kiel (Personal Reasons) QUESTIONABLE: G Kris Dielman
(Hamstring); DE Igor Olshansky (Knee); WR Keenan McCardell (Hamstring); TE Ryan
Krause (Hamstring); T Leander Jordan (Neck). Baltimore Ravens: QUESTIONABLE: DT
Haloti Ngata (Back); S Ed Reed (Foot); DE Terrell Suggs (Thigh). PROBABLE: TE
Todd Heap (Ankle); G Edwin Mulitalo (Elbow); LB Bart Scott (Foot); WR Demetrius
Williams (Elbow).

MINNESOTA VIKINGS AT BUFFALO BILLS - Minnesota Vikings: OUT: QB Tarvaris Jackson
(Knee). QUESTIONABLE: LB Ben Leber (Knee). PROBABLE: DT Pat Williams (Ankle); RB
Chester Taylor (Ankle). Buffalo Bills: QUESTIONABLE: S Matt Bowen (Shin); LB
Takeo Spikes (Hamstring); CB Kiwaukee Thomas (Back).

NEW ORLEANS SAINTS AT CAROLINA PANTHERS - New Orleans Saints: OUT: S Bryan Scott
(Thigh). DOUBTFUL: WR Devery Henderson (Shoulder). QUESTIONABLE: LB Danny Clark
(Hip). PROBABLE: CB Fred Thomas (Hip). Carolina Panthers: OUT: LB Dan Morgan
(Concussion); TE Mike Seidman (Knee). QUESTIONABLE: C Justin Hartwig (Groin); S
Shaun Williams (Foot). PROBABLE: T Todd Fordham (Shoulder); RB Nick Goings
(Thigh); CB Ken Lucas (Neck); WR Steve Smith (Thigh).

INDIANAPOLIS COLTS AT NEW YORK JETS - Indianapolis Colts: OUT: S Bob Sanders
(Knee); DT Corey Simon (Knee). QUESTIONABLE: T Ryan Diem (Thumb); G Dylan Gandy
(Abdomen); CB Nicholas Harper (Groin); CB Kelvin Hayden (Ankle); CB Marlin
Jackson (Concussion); CB Tim Jennings (Knee); K Adam Vinatieri (Right Groin); DT
Dan Klecko (Low Back); G Ryan Lilja (Knee); DT Darrell Reid (Elbow); G Jake
Scott (Knee); WR Brandon Stokley (Ankle); DE Josh Thomas (Ankle). PROBABLE: TE
Ben Utecht (Groin); RB De De Dorsey (Ankle); LB Freddy Keiaho (Knee); LB Gary
Brackett (Thigh). New York Jets: QUESTIONABLE: CB David Barrett (Thigh); WR
Laveranues Coles (Calf); WR Tim Dwight (Hamstring); G Pete Kendall (Thigh); S
Kerry Rhodes (Thigh); S Derrick Strait (Thigh); C Trey Teague (Ankle). PROBABLE:
DE Dave Ball (Hand); RB Kevan Barlow (Calf); LB Matt Chatham (Foot); T Anthony
Clement (Shin); CB Drew Coleman (Hand); DE Shaun Ellis (Hip); DE Bobby Hamilton
(Knee); QB Chad Pennington (Calf); DT Kimo Von Oelhoffen (Knee).

CLEVELAND BROWNS AT OAKLAND RAIDERS - Cleveland Browns: OUT: DE Nick Eason
(Ankle); CB Gary Baxter (Pectoral). QUESTIONABLE: TE Darnell Dinkins
(Hamstring); RB Reuben Droughns (Shoulder); DE Simon Fraser (Shoulder); WR Joe
Jurevicius (Ribs); LB Willie McGinest (Calf); DE Orpheus Roye (Shoulder); TE
Kellen Winslow (Knee); S Justin Hamilton (Ankle). PROBABLE: S Brian Russell
(Elbow); G Cosey Coleman (Hand). Oakland Raiders: OUT: QB Aaron Brooks (Right
Shoulder). QUESTIONABLE: LB Sam Williams (Ankle); DE Kevin Huntley (Foot); LB
Grant Irons (Back). PROBABLE: CB Nnamdi Asomugha (Foot); T Robert Gallery
(Calf); CB Fabian Washington (Hamstring).

DETROIT LIONS AT ST. LOUIS RAMS - Detroit Lions: OUT: LB Alex Lewis (Knee); S
Kenoy Kennedy (Foot). QUESTIONABLE: CB Fernando Bryant (Ankle); T Barry Stokes
(Hamstring); G Ross Verba (Hamstring); T Rex Tucker (Knee); DT Shaun Rogers
(Knee). St. Louis Rams: QUESTIONABLE: T Orlando Pace (Concussion).

JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS AT WASHINGTON REDSKINS - Jacksonville Jaguars: DOUBTFUL: DE
Marcellus Wiley (Groin); RB Derrick Wimbush (Knee). QUESTIONABLE: CB Rashean
Mathis (Knee). PROBABLE: G Chris Naeole (Knee); DT Marcus Stroud (Ankle); S
Donovin Darius (Back); WR Matt Jones (Groin); WR Chad Owens (Ribs); DE Paul
Spicer (Groin); RB Maurice Jones-Drew (Ankle). Washington Redskins: OUT: CB
Shawn Springs (Groin). PROBABLE: DT Joe Salave'a (Calf); QB Mark Brunell (Left
Elbow).

NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS AT CINCINNATI BENGALS - New England Patriots: QUESTIONABLE:
S Artrell Hawkins (Thigh); CB Ellis Hobbs (Wrist); WR Chad Jackson (Hamstring);
T Nick Kaczur (Shoulder); CB Eugene Wilson (Hamstring). PROBABLE: QB Tom Brady
(Right Shoulder); WR Doug Gabriel (Hamstring); T Matt Light (Knee); T Ryan
O'Callaghan (Head). Cincinnati Bengals: OUT: DE Frostee Rucker (Shoulder); C
Rich Braham (Knee); S Dexter Jackson (Ankle); WR Tab Perry (Hip). DOUBTFUL: LB
Rashad Jeanty (Foot); LB A.J. Nicholson (Hamstring). QUESTIONABLE: WR Antonio
Chatman (Groin). PROBABLE: DT Sam Adams (Knee); WR T.J. Houshmandzadeh (Foot); T
Levi Jones (Ankle); S Kevin Kaesviharn (Neck); LB Brian Simmons (Knee); DE
Justin Smith (Foot); TE Reggie Kelly (Illness).

SEATTLE SEAHAWKS AT CHICAGO BEARS - Seattle Seahawks: OUT: RB Shaun Alexander
(Foot); TE Jerramy Stevens (Knee); DT Marcus Tubbs (Knee); G Floyd Womack
(Knee). DOUBTFUL: CB Jordan Babineaux (Concussion); DE Joe Tafoya (Knee).
QUESTIONABLE: G Chris Gray (Knee); T Sean Locklear (Knee). PROBABLE: S Ken
Hamlin (Shoulder). Chicago Bears: OUT: WR Airese Currie (Foot). DOUBTFUL: WR
Mark Bradley (Ankle). QUESTIONABLE: TE Desmond Clark (Foot); S Chris Harris
(Ankle).

Monday

GREEN BAY PACKERS AT PHILADELPHIA EAGLES - Green Bay Packers: OUT: DT Kenderick
Allen (Foot). QUESTIONABLE: DT Ryan Pickett (Ankle); CB Will Blackmon (Foot); T
Junius Coston (Knee); G Jason Spitz (Thigh). PROBABLE: RB Ahman Green (Rib); DE
Aaron Kampman (Head); TE David Martin (Illness). Philadelphia Eagles: DOUBTFUL:
CB Roderick Hood (Heel); CB Lito Sheppard (Ankle). QUESTIONABLE: WR Donte'
Stallworth (Hamstring); RB Brian Westbrook (Knee); S Brian Dawkins (Concussion).
PROBABLE: G Shawn Andrews (Shoulder); WR Reggie Brown (Shoulder); S Sean
Considine (Hip); DE Darren Howard (Knee); S Michael Lewis (Quadricep); RB Reno
Mahe (Ankle); LB Matt McCoy (Stinger); TE L.J. Smith (Shoulder); T Tra Thomas
(Foot); DT Darwin Walker (Quadricep).

CFL

East Division

                                                                      WLTPt P P
                                                                         s  F A

Montrea 76 01 32 32
l           4 3  6
Toronto 76 01 25 24
            4 1  2
Winnipe 77 01 26 32
g           4 9  4
Hamilto 41 08 24 41
n        1    5  5


WEST DIVISION

                                                                      WLTPt P P
                                                                         s  F A

British         9401 41 26
Columbia           8 4  9
Calgary         9501 40 31
                   8 3  1
Saskatchewan    7601 37 31
                   4 4  4
Edmonton        4908 27 34
                     1  9


Friday's Game

Montreal at Winnipeg, late

Today's Games

British Columbia at Hamilton

Calgary at Toronto

Edmonton at Saskatchewan

NCAA

Top 25 Fared

Friday, Sept. 29

No. 23 Rutgers at South Florida, 8 p.m.

Today

No. 1 Ohio State at No. 13 Iowa, 8 p.m.

No. 3 Southern Cal at Washington State, 7 p.m.

No. 5 Florida vs. Alabama, 3:30 p.m.

No. 6 Michigan at Minnesota, 8 p.m.

No. 7 Texas vs. Sam Houston State, 7 p.m.

No. 9 LSU vs. Mississippi State, 12:30 p.m.

No. 10 Georgia at Mississippi, 9 p.m.

No. 11 Virginia Tech vs. No. 24 Georgia Tech, 3:30 p.m.

No. 12 Notre Dame vs. Purdue, 2:30 p.m.

No. 14 Oregon at Arizona State, 3:30 p.m.

No. 15 Tennessee at Memphis, Noon

No. 18 Clemson vs. Louisiana Tech, 7 p.m.

No. 20 California at Oregon State, 4:05 p.m.

No. 21 Nebraska vs. Kansas, 7 p.m.

No. 22 Boise State at Utah, 3 p.m.

No. 25 Missouri vs. Colorado, 12:30 p.m.

National Schedule

Tuesday, Sept. 26

SOUTH

Southern Miss. 19, UCF 14

Thursday, Sept. 28

SOUTH

Auburn 24, South Carolina 17

SOUTHWEST

BYU 31, TCU 17

FAR WEST

Weber St. 26, N. Colorado 21

Friday, Sept. 29

SOUTH

Rutgers at South Florida, late

Today

EAST

Navy at Connecticut, Noon

Toledo at Pittsburgh, Noon

Brown at Rhode Island, Noon

Maine at Boston College, 1 p.m.

Georgetown, D.C. at Colgate, 1 p.m.

West Liberty at Duquesne, 1 p.m.

Fordham at Holy Cross, 1 p.m.

Stonehill at Iona, 1 p.m.

Yale at Lafayette, 1 p.m.

Harvard at Lehigh, 1 p.m.

Bucknell at Marist, 1 p.m.

Stony Brook at Monmouth, N.J., 1 p.m.

Dartmouth at Penn, 1 p.m.

Wagner at Sacred Heart, 1 p.m.

Robert Morris at St. Francis, Pa., 1 p.m.

Cent. Connecticut St. at St. Peter's, 1 p.m.

Princeton at Columbia, 1:30 p.m.

Wyoming at Syracuse, 1:30 p.m.

Rice at Army, 3:30 p.m.

Northwestern at Penn St., 3:30 p.m.

Albany, N.Y. at Cornell, 7 p.m.

New Hampshire at Delaware, 7 p.m.

SOUTH

Virginia at Duke, Noon

Tennessee at Memphis, Noon

Mississippi St. at LSU, 12:30 p.m.

San Diego at Davidson, 1 p.m.

Fort Valley St. at Howard, 1 p.m.

Northeastern at Richmond, 1 p.m.

James Madison at VMI, 1 p.m.

Hofstra at William & Mary, 1 p.m.

North Greenville at Charleston Southern, 1:30 p.m.

Chattanooga at The Citadel, 2 p.m.

Jacksonville St. at E. Kentucky, 3 p.m.

Florida A&M vs. Tennessee St. at Atlanta, 3 p.m.

Elon at Appalachian St., 3:30 p.m.

Alabama at Florida, 3:30 p.m.

Georgia Tech at Virginia Tech, 3:30 p.m.

Liberty at Wake Forest, 3:30 p.m.

Furman at Wofford, 3:30 p.m.

N. Carolina A&T at Norfolk St., 4 p.m.

E. Michigan at Louisiana-Lafayette, 5 p.m.

Arkansas St. at Fla. International, 6 p.m.

Cent. Michigan at Kentucky, 6 p.m.

Concordia, Ala. at MVSU, 6 p.m.

Houston at Miami, 6 p.m.

Bethune-Cookman at Morgan St., 6 p.m.

Miles at Savannah St., 6 p.m.

Georgia Southern at W. Carolina, 6 p.m.

Coastal Carolina at Winston-Salem, 6 p.m.

Tenn.-Martin at Austin Peay, 7 p.m.

Louisiana Tech at Clemson, 7 p.m.

Hampton at Delaware St., 7 p.m.

Florida Atlantic at Louisiana-Monroe, 7 p.m.

Tennessee Tech at Murray St., 7 p.m.

Ark.-Monticello at Northwestern St., 7 p.m.

Gardner-Webb at SE Louisiana, 7 p.m.

Troy at UAB, 7 p.m.

Temple at Vanderbilt, 7 p.m.

W. Illinois at W. Kentucky, 7 p.m.

SMU at Tulane, 7:30 p.m.

S. Dakota St. at McNeese St., 8 p.m.

Alabama St. at Southern U., 8 p.m.

Georgia at Mississippi, 9 p.m.

MIDWEST

Wisconsin at Indiana, Noon

Illinois at Michigan St., Noon

Colorado at Missouri, 12:30 p.m.

Dayton at Butler, 1 p.m.

Jacksonville at Valparaiso, 1 p.m.

Morehead St. at Drake, 2 p.m.

Akron at Kent St., 2 p.m.

Bowling Green at Ohio, 2 p.m.

Purdue at Notre Dame, 2:30 p.m.

Miami (Ohio) at Cincinnati, 3:30 p.m.

N. Illinois at Ball St., 6:30 p.m.

N. Iowa at Iowa St., 7 p.m.

Youngstown St. at Missouri St., 7 p.m.

Kansas at Nebraska, 7 p.m.

Indiana St. at S. Illinois, 7 p.m.

Samford at SE Missouri, 7 p.m.

Michigan at Minnesota, 8 p.m.

Ohio St. at Iowa, 8:05 p.m.

SOUTHWEST

South Dakota at Cent. Arkansas, 3 p.m.

Texas Tech at Texas A&M, 3:30 p.m.

Tuskegee vs. Ark.-Pine Bluff at St. Louis, 5 p.m.

Prairie View vs. Grambling St. at Dallas, 7 p.m.

Middle Tennessee at North Texas, 7 p.m.

N. Dakota St. at Stephen F.Austin, 7 p.m.

Sam Houston St. at Texas, 7 p.m.

Kansas St. at Baylor, 7:05 p.m.

Jackson St. at Texas Southern, 8 p.m.

New Mexico St. at UTEP, 9 p.m.

FAR WEST

New Mexico at Air Force, 2 p.m.

Boise St. at Utah, 3 p.m.

Idaho at Utah St., 3:05 p.m.

Oregon at Arizona St., 3:30 p.m.

Alcorn St. vs. Morehouse at Los Angeles, 3:30 p.m.

California at Oregon St., 4:05 p.m.

Sacramento St. at E. Washington, 5:05 p.m.

San Diego St. at San Jose St., 6 p.m.

Montana St. at N. Arizona, 6:05 p.m.

Southern Cal at Washington St., 7 p.m.

S. Utah at Cal Poly, 9 p.m.

Montana at Portland St., 9 p.m.

Washington at Arizona, 10 p.m.

Colorado St. at Fresno St., 10 p.m.

Nevada at UNLV, 10 p.m.

Stanford at UCLA, 10:15 p.m.

E. Illinois at Hawaii, 12:05 a.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times West Virginian (Fairmont, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday

Spavital rehired as offensive coordinator

BYLINE: Times West Virginian, Fairmont

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 890 words


Jan. 15--MORGANTOWN -- Acting quickly, West Virginia University football coach
Dana Holgorsen filled the vacancy left by the departure of offensive line coach
Ron Crook to Cincinnati by rehiring Jake Spavital as the the Mountaineers'
offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach.

"Jake brings a lot of ability and experience to the Mountaineer football
program," Holgorsen said in a statement. "I have a lot of respect for the way he
has matured and become an outstanding teacher and coach. He has a great approach
to the game and his players enjoy playing for him. I look forward to Jake and
his wife, Mehgan, coming back and once again being a part of the Mountaineer
Football family."

Spavital returns to Morgantown after serving as the interim head coach at Cal
since Jan. 8. He was the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach for the
Bears in 2016. He is reunited with Holgorsen, previously serving as a member of
his staffs at Houston, Oklahoma State and West Virginia.

"West Virginia is a great place for not only me, but my wife, Mehgan, as well,"
Spavital said. "Coming back to work for one of the best football programs in the
country, work for my mentor and one of the best coaches in the country and be
supported by one of the best fan bases in the country is special. There is not a
better fit for me or more perfect timing. I'm excited to come back to West
Virginia, and I can't wait to get started."

In 2016, his first year as the offensive coordinator at Cal, Spavital made an
immediate impact, guiding the Bears' offense to top 25 national rankings in
eight categories, including ranking No. 4 in passing offense, averaging 358.8
yards per game, No. 8 in first down offense (335), No. 10 in total offense,
averaging 518.3 yards per game and No. 22 in scoring offense, averaging 37.1
points per game.

Cal established single-school records for pass completions (383), first downs by
penalty (35), fewest fumbles lost (3) and fewest turnovers (15), while equaling
a school mark for field goals made (22). Cal's 118 plays and 40 first downs in a
52-49 double overtime win against Oregon set FBS and school single-game records.

Quarterback Davis Webb, at Texas Tech transfer who was Athlon Sports' Pac-12
Newcomer of the Year, passed for 4,295 yards with 37 passing touchdowns. He
ranked No. 3 nationally in completions and points responsible for per game
(21.7), No. 4 in total offense (348.8), No. 5 in passing yards and tied for No.
8 in passing touchdowns.

Prior to Cal, he spent three years at Texas A&M, first season as the
co-offensive coordinator and working with the quarterbacks and the final two as
the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach.

Texas A&M was 25-14 during Spavital's three-year stint with the Aggies,
including 8-5 marks in his final two years as the offensive coordinator.

In 2014, the Aggies led the Southeastern Conference and ranked among the
nation's leaders, in passing touchdowns (39), tying for No. 7 nationally and was
No. 12 in passing offense (305.5).

In 2013, the Aggies set single-season SEC and school records with 4,593 passing
yards and had 6,999 total yards of offense to rank No. 2 in SEC and Texas A&M
history, No. 4 nationally in total offense (538.4) and No. 7 in passing offense
(353.3).

The Aggies broke the school record for completion percentage by connecting on
69.3 percent of their passes and finished No. 3 in SEC history. Quarterback
Johnny Manziel threw 37 touchdown passes, tying for No. 4 in the nation, while
passing for 4,114 yards, ranking No. 8 nationally.

Spavital was the quarterbacks coach for two seasons at West Virginia for Geno
Smith, who finished his collegiate career in 2012 with 11,662 passing yards and
98 touchdowns. The Mountaineers ranked No. 9 nationally in passing efficiency
(161.97) and scoring offense (39.5 ppg), No. 10 in passing offense (330.2) and
total offense (502.0). Smith was No. 5 nationally in passing yards (4,205) and
passing yards per game (323.5 ypg) as well as No. 6 in passing efficiency
(163.86).

In his first season at West Virginia in 2011, Spavital helped lead the
Mountaineers to a 10-3 overall record and a win over Clemson in the 2012 Orange
Bowl. West Virginia ranked No. 6 nationally in passing offense (346.9) and was
No. 13 in scoring offense (37.6), No. 15 in total offense (469.5) and No. 19 in
passing efficiency.

Spavital spent the 2010 as an offensive graduate assistant at Oklahoma State and
Houston in 2009, both under Holgorsen. Spavital began his coaching career as an
offensive quality control assistant under Gus Malzahn at Tulsa in 2008.

A native of Tulsa, Oklahoma, Spavital, a two-year letterwinner as a quarterback
and punter for Missouri State from 2004-07, earned his bachelor's degree in
business administration in 2008.

Spavital was a consensus first-team all-state quarterback at Union High School
in Tulsa. He posted a 26-1 career record as the starting quarterback and led
Union to the Class 6A state title in 2002.

Spavital is married to the former Mehgan Morris, one of the top Mountaineer
gymnasts in school history. His father, Steve, is a former high school football
coach while his brother Zac is the linebackers coach at Texas Tech.

___ (c)2017 the Times West Virginian (Fairmont, W. Va.) Visit the Times West
Virginian (Fairmont, W. Va.) at www.timeswv.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170115-TF-Spavital-rehired-as-offensive-coordinator-0115-20170115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TF


                    Copyright 2017 The Times West Virginian


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

BIG TEN NOTEBOOK

SECTION: ; Pg. CFBP6

LENGTH: 340 words


BEST MATCHUP : Iowa offense vs. Wisconsin defense, and vice versa. This key West
Division game in Madison figures to be what old-time Big Ten fans would call a
slobber-knocker. Iowa's offense has opened up with QB C.J. Beathard, but the
Hawkeyes still run 60 percent of the time. Wisconsin allows just 82 yards a game
on the ground. Iowa leads the Big Ten in red-zone offense; Wisconsin leads in
red-zone defense. RBs Taiwan Deal and Dare Ogunbowale combine for 143 yards a
game, and the Badgers have nine rushing touchdowns. The Hawks are yet to allow a
rushing TD.

INSIDE THE NUMBERS : The last time Ohio State and Indiana met when both were
unbeaten was 1942. The Paul Brown-coached Buckeyes won 32-21 in Columbus in a
game that had five lead changes. Ohio State dumped its single-wing offense in
favor of the T formation in the second half, outscored the Hoosiers 13-0 in the
fourth quarter and went on to win the school's first national championship. ...
Northwestern's Justin Jackson, who ran 33 times for a career-high 189 yards
against Ball State, has gone over 100 in nine of his last 11 games. ... Michigan
State's 12 straight games with 30-plus points is the longest active streak in
the FBS.

LONG SHOT : Maryland is a 15 ?-point underdog when it hosts Michigan for the
first time. The Terrapins beat the Wolverines 23-16 in Ann Arbor last year in
the second-to-last game of the Brady Hoke era. Maryland, smarting from its
41-point beatdown at West Virginia, has won seven straight regular-season games
when coming off a loss. Michigan is coming off a 31-0 win over BYU and has
allowed 14 points since losing its opener at Utah.

PLAYER TO WATCH : Nebraska QB Tommy Armstrong Jr. is playing the best ball of
his career through four games. His 316.5 yards passing a game and 11 touchdowns
lead the Big Ten. He got off to a slow start in his previous road game, at
Miami, before leading a fourth-quarter comeback that fell short. The Cornhuskers
will be looking for a steadier performance from him as they begin Big Ten play
at Illinois.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             August 27, 2006 Sunday

WVU spreading the wealth

BYLINE: Rick Starr

LENGTH: 537 words


MORGANTOWN, W.Va. - It's called the spread, and its reputation is doing just
that.

A record 800 high school coaches, and more than 100 college coaches, traveled to
West Virginia at various times this spring to attend clinics run by the
Mountaineers' coaching staff.

While some coaches wanted to learn more about West Virginia's 3-3-5 odd stack
defense, interest in the Mountaineers' version of the spread offense was running
at an all-time high.

West Virginia ended last season by putting up 46 points on Louisville, 45 on
Connecticut, 38 on Cincinnati, 45 on Pitt, 28 on South Florida and 38 against
SEC champ Georgia in a Sugar Bowl upset.

"People used to say you could never win a national championship running the
spread," Mountaineers coach Rich Rodriguez said. "Then all four teams that won a
BCS game (last season) ran a version of the spread -- Penn State, Ohio State,
USC and us."

Rodriguez is credited with giving the spread a modern resurgence. He developed
his version during the seven years he served as coach at Glenville State
starting in 1990. Glenville had scored only 20 points the season before he
arrived.

"When you get a job like that, and they never scored any points, you can do
anything you like and everybody's happy," Rodriguez said. "There are 500 people
in the stands, and 490 are related to you.

"You can experiment a little," he said.

Any offense that operates out of a multiple-wide receiver formation can be
described as a spread.

However, West Virginia likes to utilize three receivers, including a speedy slot
receiver or tight end. The idea is to stretch the field, both horizontally and
vertically. That spreads the defenders, particularly the linebackers, and
creates individual matchups the offense can exploit.

Rodriguez added a new twist. His Glanville State players ran a two-minute
offense for four quarters.

"Every year it's been tweaked," Rodriguez said. "People say all these teams are
running spread offenses now, but everybody has a little different version or
philosophy. It's not like the wishbone, where a wishbone is a wishbone."

What started as a passing offense at Glenville, has evolved into a running
offense at West Virginia. The Mountaineers produced 388 yards a game last
season, including 272 per game on the ground.

One of West Virginia offensive coordinator Calvin Magee's favorite running plays
is the read option, which utilizes a pair of wide receivers, plus a slot
receiver or tight end, to force teams to defend the pass.

Gap control defenses must be more sophisticated to stop a spread offense,
Rodriguez said.

He said the key is defending the backside of the play, in case a dangerous
quarterback -- like the Mountaineers' Pat White -- keeps the ball.

Exchanging linebackers and defensive ends, and bringing safeties down, have been
effective at slowing down a spread offense.

"Defenses are being more creative on the backside of plays," Rodriguez said.
"It's a neat little chess match."

Despite his innovations, Rodriguez believes games aren't won with X's and O's.

"Schemes are overrated," he said. "It's still all about having great players and
being solid with your execution in all phases, and then having things kind of
bounce the right way for you."

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Flagler County News of Record

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1071  words


NEWS OF RECORD


COUNTY JAIL DOCKET

Kathy Abell, 44, Port Orange, DUI and property damage, DUI; Jill Abercrombie,
50, Palm Coast, out-of-county warrant, worthless checks; Victoria Albano, 18,
Palm Coast, shoplifting/retail theft; Michael Andrews, 28, Palm Coast, serving
sentence for court; Armando Avendano, 45, Palm Coast, driving with a suspended
license with knowledge; Jeffery Baldwin, 55, Palm Coast, violation of pretrial
release (misdemeanor); Jimmie Belle III, 21, Palm Coast, violation of probation
felony offense (2); Jerod Bennett, 25, Bunnell, failure to appear misdemeanor
offense; Jason Bowen, 31, Palm Coast, battery domestic violence (2),
assault/domestic violence; Shavaro Bowleg, 24, South Daytona, failure to appear
misdemeanor offense; Christopher Carey, 24, Palm Coast, driving with a suspended
license with knowledge; Francesco Colombo, 19, Palm Coast, possession of drug
paraphernalia, possession of alcohol by a person under age 21, criminal mischief
damage more than $200 but less than $1,000; Joy Cook, 50, Palm Coast, worthless
checks; Timothy Dillon, 26, Kingsville, Texas, violation of probation felony
offense; Michael Divers, 19, Palm Coast, DUI; Ken Driggers, 41, Palm Coast,
possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of cocaine; Michelle Echeverria,
21, Palm Coast, battery domestic violence; Vivian Forehand, 19, Palm Coast,
possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of marijuana with intent to sell,
possession of marijuana (20 grams or more); Carla Foust, 27, Largo, Fla.,
failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Mickey Garrett, 46, Palm Coast,
possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of marijuana under 20 grams, DUI;
Leila Gould, 32, Bunnell, driving with a suspended license with knowledge;
Evander Hall, 24, Bluffton, S.C., driving with a license
suspended/revoked/canceled; Terrance Henry, 26, Bunnell, no Florida driver's
license; Tayon Hester, 20, Palm Coast, violation of pretrial release
(misdemeanor); Samantha Hillis, 24, Ormond Beach, failure to appear traffic
offense; Kristin Howard, 30, Palm Coast, violation of probation felony offense;
Tonya Hutchinson, 28, Bunnell, violation of probation misdemeanor offense,
resisting arrest without violence; Jamell Johnson, 22, Bunnell, aggravated
battery, carrying concealed weapon; Eric Jones, 48, Palm Coast, possession of
legend drug without prescription, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession
of hydrocodone, possession of a controlled substance, sale of cocaine, sale of
hydromorphone, unlawful use of two-way communications device; Christian Jordan,
22, Palm Coast, failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Alex Lape, 39, Bunnell,
out- of-county warrant; Christian Laymon, 20, Palm Coast, possession of drug
paraphernalia, possession of marijuana under 20 grams; John Lena, 42, Palm
Coast, violation of probation misdemeanor offense; Linsey Lewis, 22, Palm Coast,
violation of probation felony offense; Gerald May, 54, Santa Fe, N.M., driving
with a suspended license with knowledge; Richard Metcalf, 51, Palm Coast,
out-of-county warrant; Deborah Mikenas, 50, Bunnell, violation of probation
felony offense (2); Andrea Montgomery, 27, transient, violation of probation
felony offense; Alejandro Nepamuceno, 22, DeLand, driving with a suspended
license with knowledge; Richard Palmer, 52, Jacksonville, retail theft property
value over $300; Dennis Panasosky, 43, Palm Cost, DUI; Joseph Patten, 32, Palm
Coast, criminal mischief, failure to appear misdemeanor offense (2); Jose Perez
Paz, 32, Palm Coast, no Florida driver's license; Anthony Petrillo, 24, Bunnell,
violation of probation felony offense, false imprisonment, domestic battery by
strangulation; Tammie Phillips, 55, Bunnell, driving with a suspended license
with knowledge; Celeste Ramirez, 34, Palm Coast, driving with a license
suspended/ revoked/canceled; Alicia Ramsay, 32, Palm Coast, driving with a
suspended license with knowledge; Rico Ransom Jr., 18, Palm Coast, carjacking;
Julio Rivera-Cruz, 40, Palm Coast, fugitive from justice, giving false name
while detained, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of marijuana under
20 grams, no Florida driver's license; Miguel Rivera, 64, Bunnell, violation of
pretrial release; Kevin Robinson, 43, Bunnell, failure to pay child support;
Rachel Russ, 19, Palm Coast, shoplifting/retail theft; Lizette Santiago, 41,
Palm Coast, failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Anthony Schneider, 42, Palm
Coast, child abuse; Robert Singleton, 53, Daytona Beach, violation of community
control; Angelena Smith, 28, Bunnell, violation of probation felony offense;
Gerald Smith, 54, Bunnell, violation of parole; Michael Smith, 26, Flagler
Beach, violation of probation felony offense; John Sole, 31, Palm Coast, grand
theft over $300 (2), forgery, resisting arrest without violence, battery
domestic violence; Joshua Spaulding, 28, Flagler Beach, violation of probation
felony offense; Joseph Strople, 23, Palm Coast, out-of-county warrant; Mathew
Talacko, 24, Palm Coast, inhalation of dangerous chemical;


MARRIAGES

Michael Haugh and Cheryl Clark, both of Palm Coast. Cecil Mangham and Casey
McVeigh, both of Palm Coast. Sherman Scrivens Jr. and Jenelle Lyght, both of
Palm Coast. Brande Redfield and Michael Overbey, both of Lombard, Ill. Tawayna
Howlett, Palm Coast, and Dwight Lanfair, Milwaukee, Wis. Ethan Distor, Elk Grove
Village, Ill., and Christina Vojtech, Jacksonville. Joseph Townsend and Jennifer
Steele, both of Bunnell. John Fullwood and Sharlene Odom, both of Elizabeth
City, N.C. Craig Atack and Malena Montano, both of Flagler Beach. John Fitton,
Palm Coast, and Nathalie Thalen, Saint Cloud, Fla. Scott Parkstrom and Julia
Banks, both of Palm Coast. Nicholas Creech and Thomas Allard, both of Flagler
Beach. Krislie Shamburg and Justin Lococo, both of Palm Coast. Christelle
Thomason and Josephine Carrion, both of Palm Coast. Brittany Henderson and Jason
Bowser, both of Palm Coast. Thomas Russo, Palm Coast, and Mariah Slesser,
Bunnell. Barbara Duffy and Vita Casale, both of Palm Coast.

DISSOLUTIONS

Bryan v. Rosanna Welsh. Sara v. Samuel Kranz. Keli v. Ryck Nield. June v. Asphor
McDonald. Joshua v. Elizabeth Jones. Jerry v. Lisa Smith. Oliver v. Felicitas
Spiecker. Kristin v. Weston Meek. Jennifer v. John Towle.

BIRTH

MORTON: Ashley Morton, Palm Coast, is the mother of a son weighing 5 pounds, 7
ounces, born at 5:25 a.m. Feb. 19, 2015, at Halifax Health Medical Center,
Daytona Beach.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2015 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2015 News-Journal Corporation


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 15, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
N.F.L. Matchups Week 16

BYLINE: By THOMAS GEORGE

SECTION: Section D; Page 6; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1198 words



TOMORROW 12:30 P.M.
Washington (7-7) at Pittsburgh (7-7)
The Redskins collapsed at Dallas last week under new leadership (Coach Terry
Robiskie) and many of the same old problems: leaky pass defense, an inept
offense and special teams unit and too few big plays from the team's biggest
stars. Both clubs are pretty much out of the playoffs, although technically they
remain alive. One is dead, for sure, after this one, and that would be
Washington. It is the last regular-season game ever in Three Rivers Stadium.
Steelers, 21-17

TOMORROW 4 P.M.
Oakland (11-3) at Seattle (5-9)
Oakland trashed Seattle, 31-3, back in October and little has changed for both
teams since. The Seattle defense ranks a pitiful 28th defending the run and 29th
defending the pass and is worst in the league over all. The Raiders are too
physical and too sure of themselves to slip here, even on the road, against a
team full of holes from top to bottom. Raiders, 23-20


SUNDAY 1 P.M.
Denver (10-4) at Kansas City (6-8)
The Chiefs won at Denver, 23-22, in the season's first month and it looked as if
they were on their way to a special season. Kansas City would later defeat the
Rams at home and the Chiefs felt so good. Since then, they have bombed, with
only a 15-14 victory over Carolina last Sunday preventing this team from
completely caving in. Denver has won six straight and boasts the A.F.C.'s
top-ranked offense. Denver wins it with offense. Broncos, 30-23

Jacksonville (7-7) at Cincinnati (3-11)
Jacksonville averaged 18.6 points in its first 10 games but in its last four has
averaged 35.5. It has won five straight. If the Jaguars had not started the
season so shabbily, they would be a playoff team ready to make noise. Instead,
they run to the finish line with nowhere to go. Jacksonville back Fred Taylor
has been incredible -- eight straight 100-yard rushing games and 11 touchdowns
in his last 8 games. His matchup against Bengals back Corey Dillon will be the
only reason to watch. Jaguars, 26-13

New England (4-10) at Buffalo (7-7)
If the Patriots could finish games the way they started them, they would be more
successful. Their combined first-quarter score is impressive but they usually
suffer from a lack of offensive firepower late -- New England ranks only 26th in
total offense and 25th in rushing offense. The Bills are 5-2 at home this season
and continue that trend. Bills, 19-15

Tennessee (11-3) at Cleveland (3-12)
Most fans think of the Titans as a defensive-led team in every way and the
reasons are clear -- the defense ranks second in the league (fourth against the
run and third against the pass.) The running of halfback Eddie George helps to
keep that defense fresh, and all of these components will manifest themselves
nicely against the Browns. Tennessee won the first meeting, 24-10, and this one
will be easier. Titans, 28-13

Atlanta (3-11) at New Orleans (9-5)
If the Saints win this game and St. Louis loses at Tampa Bay on Monday night,
the Saints win the N.F.C. West division. It would be, by far, the biggest
surprise of the season. Look for the Saints to do their part in the equation.
They are a much better defensive team than the Falcons and win the game on
turnovers, where Atlanta meekly obliges. Saints, 24-20

Green Bay (7-7) at Minnesota (11-3)
It is amazing that Minnesota has won 11 games despite coming up with only 7
interceptions and 10 recovered fumbles; compare that to, say, 3-12 Cleveland,
which has 11 interceptions and 13 recovered fumbles. The difference is the
Minnesota offense, which usually scores points in bunches and creates pressure
for offenses trying to match it. That is the formula Minnesota uses to dust the
Packers. Vikings, 33-21

Detroit (8-6) at Jets (9-5)
With so much at stake, this matchup is similar to a playoff game for both teams,
and both enter with losses -- Detroit by 13 in Green Bay and the Jets by 24 in
Oakland. Detroit's defense has produced an N.F.C.-most 38 turnovers but it ranks
only 24th against the run. That is bad news for the Lions and great news for
Jets back Curtis Martin and his offensive line. The Jets have won four straight
against N.F.C. teams. Jets, 17-9

San Diego (1-13) at Carolina (6-8)
You could combine the turnovers committed by California's two other pro football
teams -- Oakland (17) and San Francisco (16) -- and still not match the whopping
number of bungles by San Diego. It looks as if San Diego prevented a season
without a victory and now is content to slide to 1-15. Panthers, 28-10

SUNDAY 4:05 P.M.
Chicago (4-10) at San Francisco (5-9)
The Bears showed steady offensive improvement with their new "Run and Shoop"
offense in beating New England last Sunday. Coach John Shoop took command as
offensive coordinator for that game and will implement more tricks. But he
should take note of the San Francisco offense, which is still making big plays
and scoring plenty of points. These 49ers scored 52 points the last time Chicago
visited San Francisco, in 1991. 49ers, 32-17

SUNDAY 4:15 P.M.
Indianapolis (8-6) at Miami (10-4)
When Miami traveled to Indianapolis on Nov. 26 and tripped the Colts, 17-14, it
threw the Colts for a big loop. They appeared shaken for a few days afterward
and then lost on the road to the Jets. But Indianapolis regained its footing by
routing the Bills on Monday night and it knows what this game means -- it moves
it closer to the playoffs and avenges its last showing against the Dolphins. The
Colts win it with speed on offense. Colts, 20-17

Baltimore (10-4) at Arizona (3-11)
This game will not be fair. Maybe the best defense of all time against one of
the worst offenses of all time. A confident team against a shaky one. A power
team against a soft one. A playoff team against a double-digit loss team. A
mauling. Ravens, 28-9

SUNDAY 8:30 P.M.
Giants (10-4) at Dallas (5-9)
Dallas salvaged something for its season by beating Washington last Sunday and
crippling the Redskins' chances for making the playoffs. Dallas saw its chances
crippled a long time ago, but it can make trouble for the Giants. The Giants,
however, will have nothing of it. They match up well against Dallas and their
defense is much stiffer. It creates more turnovers than the Dallas defense and
that provides the victory. Giants, 21-10

GAME OF THE WEEK

MONDAY 9 P.M. AT Tampa Bay
St Louis (9-5) at Tampa Bay (9-5)
Let's see how much has changed since the N.F.C. championship game, won, 11-6,
last season by the Rams at home. We see that Kurt Warner is 20 yards short of
his second consecutive 3,000-yard passing season and that Tampa Bay's Shaun King
has passed for 2,276 yards. The Rams need 78 points in their last two games to
set the single-season scoring record but Tampa Bay is only 4 touchdowns short of
scoring the most in team history. Two rock-and-roll offenses, huh? Not quite.
The bottom line is, Tampa Bay cannot win a shooting match with the Rams (few
teams can), but must do enough to complement its brick-like defense. The
King-led offense will do that in a surprise. Buccaneers, 20-19

Philadelphia does not play this week. All times Eastern.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Shaun King (Reuters)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Big 12 efficiency ratings: OU 4th in offense, 6th in defense; OSU 9th in
offense, 7th in defense

BYLINE: Berry Tramel

SECTION:

LENGTH: 523 words


The Big 12 season is over, and we can adequately evaluate the offenses and
defenses, since, maybe you've heard, every team has played every other team in a
round-robin schedule. One True Efficiency Rating.The best way to gauge an
offense or a defense is its ability to score or to keep the other team from
scoring. Yardage is overrated. Scoring is underrated. So we offer up the
percentages that a unit did its job. Score a touchdown, full credit. Kick a
field goal, half credit. Same on defense. Stop the opposition, full court. Hold
the foe to a field goal, half credit.A nine-game, evenly-balanced schedule gives
coaches and fans and media a chance to know exactly how the teams fared. So this
is how they fared:&nbsp;OFFENSIVE EFFICIENCY

Baylor .471: the Bears stumbled against West Virginia and weren't great against
Texas, but man, otherwise Baylor was a force. Now we'll see what happens with
the Bryce Petty era over.Kansas State .444: I know you won't get people to
believe you, but K-State's offense was better than even TCU's. A masterpiece of
an offensive season by Bill Snyder.TCU .417: Remember back in August, when
everyone wondered who would quarterback the Frogs? Not really any question now,
I'd say. Trevone Boykin is the all-Big 12 QB.Oklahoma .381: Lots of criticism of
Josh Heupel. Most of it undeserved. His offense wasn't the problem.Texas Tech
.320: By Tech's Mike Leach standards, not a good number. Less than a third
efficiency. But for all the quarterback turmoil, not terrible.West Virginia
.300: The Mountaineers need to be better on offense.Texas .248: Frankly, not as
bad as I thought the Longhorns would finish.Iowa State .232: You could have
gotten pretty good odds before the season if you wanted to bet that the Cyclones
would have a better offense than OSU.Oklahoma State .227: If you're scoring at
home, OSU's offensive efficiency with Mason Rudolph at quarterback was .304. So
quite a bit better. About West Virginia's pace.Kansas .172: Not good.

&nbsp;DEFENSIVE EFFICIENCY

Texas .209: Now Charlie Strong has to rebuild what was the Big 12's best
defense.TCU .234: Sort of snuck up on everybody, don't you think? The Frogs gave
up some big numbers early (37-33 vs. OU, 58-61 vs. Baylor), but when you finish
with Kansas, Texas and Iowa State, things get a lot better.West Virginia .260:
Can the Mountaineers maintain this kind of defense? If so, they'll be a Big 12
force.Kansas State .277: Underrated performance by K-State, which we like to
think of as overmatched in the secondary but often isn't the case.Baylor .287:
Decent defense. Nothing special.Oklahoma .299: If the OU defense is in the
bottom division of the Big 12, something is not right. In fact, something is
rotten.Oklahoma State .369: In a season of Cowboy offense, OSU needed the
defense to be better. Of course, this was supposed to be a rebuilding Cowboy
defense.Kansas .380: Clint Bowen didn't get the head coaching job, but his
defense was better than KU's offense.Iowa State .424: Strange that an 0-9 team
didn't have the worst defense or the worst offense.Texas Tech .448: Good week
for Tech's defense. The Red Raiders didn't play.


LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

Red Wolves' fast tempo offers challenge for UT

BYLINE: Nicholas Piotrowicz, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 732 words


Sept. 23--The inherent difficulty of preparing for a team with a unique offense
is that a scout team -- no matter how hard it tries -- never could replicate its
intricacies in only one week.

That's the biggest reason teams such as Navy and Georgia Tech, both option
teams, are a nuisance for everyone they play.

Arkansas State -- the University of Toledo's foe this week -- presents a similar
difficulty to its opponents. The Red Wolves' hurry-up spread can be a nightmare.
The pace at which Arkansas State plays can overwhelm even teams that spent the
entire week trying to recreate the high-speed offense.

Toledo, on the other hand, believes it is more prepared than most. UT has
several things working in its favor. Most obviously, it already saw four
quarters of the Arkansas State offense during last season's GoDaddy Bowl, a
63-44 Toledo win.

Second, Iowa State ran hurry-up packages extensively last week during its trip
to the Glass Bowl, showing the Rockets a similar tempo to the one they'll see
this week.

The Rockets' best practice for Arkansas State actually happened last month. As
the UT offense tinkered with its own hurry-up looks during preseason camp, it
forced the Rockets' defense to do everything three paces faster.

"I mean, it's real helpful because that's what we practiced against all camp,
for weeks," UT safety DeJuan Rogers said. "We're used to it."

Toledo's offense and Arkansas State's offense are not twins by any means. What
UT's defense plans to use, however, is its knowledge of pace and how to play
against it.

"We're not totally foreign to it," Toledo coach Matt Campbell said. "I think at
least the idea of how that tempo looks and feels, we can maybe draw fairly close
to that."

Arkansas State coach Blake Anderson is one of college football's authorities on
the hurry-up offense, having experienced success with it everywhere he has been.
The Red Wolves broke school records for points scored, total plays, and total
offense during his first season in 2014.

As an offensive coordinator, Anderson's offenses at Southern Mississippi set
school records for yardage in each of his final two years, and his first offense
at North Carolina broke the school record for yards per game.

In his lone year at Louisiana-Lafayette, in 2007, the Ragin' Cajuns rushed for
more than 3,000 yards, the first Sun Belt team to do so.

The system feeds on chaos. The speed at which Arkansas State plays often sends
defenses into disarray because they can't substitute freely or take their time
when calling a play. Sometimes the players will have to make a call on the field
themselves without the coaches' full input.

"The most important thing is getting the play call and getting set," Toledo
defensive tackle Orion Jones said. "A lot of times when you start going fast,
people get tired, and you starting messing up the calls. If you can get set and
get the call in, everything should be all right."

Campbell said the Rockets don't use their scout team that much anyway, so
Toledo's No. 1 defense sees a lot of work against the team's No. 1 offense.

The Rockets' normal offense presents some analogous parts to what the UT defense
will see from the Red Wolves.

"Hopefully, we can at least try to match some of the tempo of the game,"
Campbell said. "I don't know if we can match, obviously, some of their speed and
their skill, but we can hopefully match some of the tempo practicing for the
football game."

Jones said the teams that like to play as fast as possible often earn their
biggest plays off miscommunications. Defenses aren't set quickly enough, which
leads to missed assignments and more yards, which in turn keeps the offense
moving and forces the same defense to stay on the field without substituting.

It can be a punishing cycle  if a defense is not prepared adequately.

The Rockets believe the opposite is true for them. They have seen a fast,
talented offense every day for almost two months, even if it isn't exactly the
same flavor as the one they'll see Saturday.

"Then again, we go tempo every day against our offense, so I think that's helped
us a lot," Jones said. "It basically trains you to focus when you get tired."

Contact Nicholas Piotrowicz at: npiotrowicz@theblade.com, 724-6110, or on
Twitter @NickPiotrowicz

Recommended for You

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150923-TO-Red-Wolves-fast-tempo-offers-challenge-for-UT-0923-20150923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

Former Oklahoma offensive lineman Lane Johnson's return has Philadelphia Eagles'
offense looking more like normal

BYLINE: By Mike Baldwin

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1034 words


The offensive line isn't like some positions where one All-Pro is a
difference-maker like an elite quarterback, electric wide receiver or a shutdown
cornerback.Still, it's more than coincidence the Philadelphia Eagles' running
game has returned to being one of the NFL's best since former Oklahoma offensive
tackle Lane Johnson returned in Week 5 from a four-game suspension for violating
the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing substances.Heading into their pivotal
NFC East showdown Thanksgiving afternoon against the Dallas Cowboys, the Eagles'
offense in recent weeks has looked more like the unit that led the NFL in
rushing last year and produced the NFL rushing champion (LeSean McCoy)."It all
starts with coach (Chip) Kelly's offense," Johnson said in a telephone interview
with The Oklahoman. "When we're playing fast, and our passing game and running
game are both clicking, this offense is capable of accomplishing a lot of really
good things."There were other contributing factors, including a rash of
injuries, but the Eagles' offensive stats with and without Johnson in their
lineup are alarmingly dissimilar.In the seven games Johnson has played,
Philadelphia has averaged 137 rushing yards after being limited to 84.5 during
his suspension.McCoy, who averaged 101 yards a game last season, has averaged
95.3 yards since Johnson returned but averaged only 48.0 yards while Johnson was
suspended.The week before Johnson returned, the Eagles were held to 22 rushing
yards by the San Francisco defense.

McCoy finished the game with 17 yards on 10 carries.In Johnson's first game
back, the Eagles ran for 145 yards against St. Louis. In his second game back,
one Johnson called "his best as a pro," up to that point, the Eagles ran for 203
yards in a 27-0 win over the New York Giants."Now that we've gotten all our guys
back, people are starting to see this is the same offense as last year," Johnson
said. "It's a fun offense to play in."After the Eagles ran for 190 yards against
J.J. Watts and the Houston Texans, backup running back Chris Polk said it's
close to the offense that last year was second in total offense (417.3) and
fourth in scoring (27.6)."This offense has always been a three-headed monster,"
Polk told the Philadelphia Inquirer. "We started slow but now we're rolling.
We're improving every week and we continue to get better. We still haven't
reached our full potential, yet."Besides Johnson returning, the Eagles also
struggled early this season when center Jason Kelce and Pro Bowl left guard Evan
Mathis missed time with injuries."This game happens at such a fast speed, it's
not that easy to just plug someone in and go play," Kelly was quoted last week.
"When those guys were out, no control of their own, and we had legitimate
injuries, they didn't have the opportunity to train. Now that they're getting
back into it, they're more acclimated."Johnson, a product of Groveton, Texas,
said Kelly's strengths go beyond X's and O's. He said players respond to a coach
who encourages players to sleep, the daily arrival time set at 8:30 a.m. in an
era coaches often ask players to report to the complex hours earlier."It's stuff
like that players realize he's not afraid to try something a little different if
he feels he helps his players be more productive," Johnson said. "As far as the
offense goes, when we get going fast defenses get tired."Johnson was allowed to
play in preseason games but Philadelphia coaches kept him with the second-team
unit, knowing he was unavailable the first month of the season.It proved to be a
blessing in disguise when Johnson was in charge of making pre-snap calls on the
second team."I learned a lot my rookie season," Johnson said. "This year I'm
much more comfortable in the offense which really helped me when I got
back."Johnson appealed his suspension in the spring but it became official in
late July.From the start, he's said he made a mistake, starting with "failing to
inform Eagle officials" of his list of medications. Because he gained seven
pounds, some Eagle fans grumbled."I can't worry about what other people think,"
Johnson said. "I know what happened. I'm just trying to do things I can do to
help the Eagles team win football games."Similar to Denver wide receiver Wes
Welker's situation, Johnson's suspension probably would have been reduced to two
games like Welker's case that was heard weeks later when drug policy changes
separated performance enhancing drugs from other banned medications.Johnson
never publicly identified the drug, but said it was prescribed to him by a
longtime family physician."As a professional you're supposed to know what goes
into your body and I paid the price for failing to do that," Johnson said.
"Because of the version I failed, they have since changed the drug policy, so
part of my situation is this (drug policy change) happened a couple of months
later."Johnson's role model has been his mother, Ray Ann, a single mom who
raised him by himself, a mother who earned a degree in criminal justice and
works with prisoners on death row at the prison in Riverside, Texas.He said he's
also been blessed to discuss intricacies of the game with his father-in-law,
John Goodman, a defensive lineman for the Steelers in the 1980s.When the Eagles
play the Cowboys on Thursday afternoon Johnson is returning to the city where he
worked out rigorously while serving his suspension, when he was barred from
being around the team.After the Eagles' preseason finale, Johnson moved to the
Dallas area after Eagles strength and conditioning coach Josh Hingst advised he
would benefit most from a nutrition-and-conditioning program at the Athletes'
Performance Institute in Frisco.Thursday's game at AT&amp;T Stadium is for the
division lead. Even if the Cowboys win the division, the Eagles are a viable
wild-card candidate, but they're focused on the NFC East title, knowing Dallas
has to make a return trip to Philadelphia."The Cowboys have been playing some
great football," Johnson said. "All division games are big. We're confident we
can make a deep run in the playoffs but you have to take them one at a time.
We're building towards something. We like the direction we're headed."

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

Former Oklahoma offensive lineman Lane Johnson's return has Philadelphia Eagles'
offense looking more like normal

BYLINE: By Mike Baldwin, Staff Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1034 words


The offensive line isn't like some positions where one All-Pro is a
difference-maker like an elite quarterback, electric wide receiver or a shutdown
cornerback.Still, it's more than coincidence the Philadelphia Eagles' running
game has returned to being one of the NFL's best since former Oklahoma offensive
tackle Lane Johnson returned in Week 5 from a four-game suspension for violating
the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing substances.Heading into their pivotal
NFC East showdown Thanksgiving afternoon against the Dallas Cowboys, the Eagles'
offense in recent weeks has looked more like the unit that led the NFL in
rushing last year and produced the NFL rushing champion (LeSean McCoy)."It all
starts with coach (Chip) Kelly's offense," Johnson said in a telephone interview
with The Oklahoman. "When we're playing fast, and our passing game and running
game are both clicking, this offense is capable of accomplishing a lot of really
good things."There were other contributing factors, including a rash of
injuries, but the Eagles' offensive stats with and without Johnson in their
lineup are alarmingly dissimilar.In the seven games Johnson has played,
Philadelphia has averaged 137 rushing yards after being limited to 84.5 during
his suspension.McCoy, who averaged 101 yards a game last season, has averaged
95.3 yards since Johnson returned but averaged only 48.0 yards while Johnson was
suspended.The week before Johnson returned, the Eagles were held to 22 rushing
yards by the San Francisco defense.

McCoy finished the game with 17 yards on 10 carries.In Johnson's first game
back, the Eagles ran for 145 yards against St. Louis. In his second game back,
one Johnson called "his best as a pro," up to that point, the Eagles ran for 203
yards in a 27-0 win over the New York Giants."Now that we've gotten all our guys
back, people are starting to see this is the same offense as last year," Johnson
said. "It's a fun offense to play in."After the Eagles ran for 190 yards against
J.J. Watts and the Houston Texans, backup running back Chris Polk said it's
close to the offense that last year was second in total offense (417.3) and
fourth in scoring (27.6)."This offense has always been a three-headed monster,"
Polk told the Philadelphia Inquirer. "We started slow but now we're rolling.
We're improving every week and we continue to get better. We still haven't
reached our full potential, yet."Besides Johnson returning, the Eagles also
struggled early this season when center Jason Kelce and Pro Bowl left guard Evan
Mathis missed time with injuries."This game happens at such a fast speed, it's
not that easy to just plug someone in and go play," Kelly was quoted last week.
"When those guys were out, no control of their own, and we had legitimate
injuries, they didn't have the opportunity to train. Now that they're getting
back into it, they're more acclimated."Johnson, a product of Groveton, Texas,
said Kelly's strengths go beyond X's and O's. He said players respond to a coach
who encourages players to sleep, the daily arrival time set at 8:30 a.m. in an
era coaches often ask players to report to the complex hours earlier."It's stuff
like that players realize he's not afraid to try something a little different if
he feels he helps his players be more productive," Johnson said. "As far as the
offense goes, when we get going fast defenses get tired."Johnson was allowed to
play in preseason games but Philadelphia coaches kept him with the second-team
unit, knowing he was unavailable the first month of the season. It proved to be
a blessing in disguise when Johnson was in charge of making pre-snap calls on
the second team."I learned a lot my rookie season," Johnson said. "This year I'm
much more comfortable in the offense which really helped me when I got
back."Johnson appealed his suspension in the spring but it became official in
late July. From the start, he's said he made a mistake, starting with "failing
to inform Eagle officials" of his list of medications. Because he gained seven
pounds, some Eagle fans grumbled."I can't worry about what other people think,"
Johnson said. "I know what happened. I'm just trying to do things I can do to
help the Eagles team win football games."Similar to Denver wide receiver Wes
Welker's situation, Johnson's suspension probably would have been reduced to two
games like Welker's case that was heard weeks later when drug policy changes
separated performance enhancing drugs from other banned medications.Johnson
never publicly identified the drug, but said it was prescribed to him by a
longtime family physician."As a professional you're supposed to know what goes
into your body and I paid the price for failing to do that," Johnson said.
"Because of the version I failed, they have since changed the drug policy, so
part of my situation is this (drug policy change) happened a couple of months
later."Johnson's role model has been his mother, Ray Ann, a single mom who
raised him by himself, a mother who earned a degree in criminal justice and
works with prisoners on death row at the prison in Riverside, Texas.He said he's
also been blessed to discuss intricacies of the game with his father-in-law,
John Goodman, a defensive lineman for the Steelers in the 1980s.When the Eagles
play the Cowboys on Thursday afternoon Johnson is returning to the city where he
worked out rigorously while serving his suspension, when he was barred from
being around the team.After the Eagles' preseason finale, Johnson moved to the
Dallas area after Eagles strength and conditioning coach Josh Hingst advised he
would benefit most from a nutrition-and-conditioning program at the Athletes'
Performance Institute in Frisco.Thursday's game at AT&amp;T Stadium is for the
division lead. Even if the Cowboys win the division, the Eagles are a viable
wild-card candidate, but they're focused on the NFC East title, knowing Dallas
has to make a return trip to Philadelphia."The Cowboys have been playing some
great football," Johnson said. "All division games are big. We're confident we
can make a deep run in the playoffs but you have to take them one at a time.
We're building towards something. We like the direction we're headed."

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

McNair finding comfort zone;
QB's goal is to put Ravens' offense on par with defense

BYLINE: Ed Gruver

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 753  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


WESTMINSTER, Md. - The Baltimore Ravens already own the NFL's best defense.

Now the offense wants to get into the act, too.

"We moved pretty high in the offensive rankings (12th in the AFC in 2005 to 8th
in 2006),'' quarterback Steve McNair said at McDaniel College, site of the AFC
North champions training camp. "We want to be one of the top offenses in the
National Football League. That's what we're shooting for.''

The 34-year-old All-Pro QB is one piece of a new puzzle Baltimore's braintrust
has pieced together the last few seasons to complement its legendary defense.
McNair's former teammate in Tennessee, veteran wideout Derrick Mason, is
entering his third season in Baltimore; and ex-Buffalo Bills running back Willis
McGahee was brought in this offseason to replace Jamal Lewis, who signed with
division rival Cleveland.

The facelift gives the Ravens offense - geared for so long to the inside thrusts
of Lewis - a new and evolving look. Speed has supplanted size; quickness has
replaced power.

"It's a lot different,'' McNair said of the Baltimore offense, circa 2007. "When
Jamal was here, it was more of a power offense. But right now, we can do a lot
of things with McGahee. ... With his athleticism, not only in the running game
but in the passing game, he's going to help us out a lot.''

McGahee's presence in the backfield, his versatility as a receiver as well as a
runner, opens up the offense. That much has been evident in just two days of
practice thus far.

What has also been evident is McNair's comfort level as he steps behind center
to take the snap. Last year, he spent the summer playing catch-up after not
signing with Baltimore until June 8. Now, with a full season in purple-and-black
under his belt, McNair is looking less like a rookie trying to learn a new
playbook and more like the 13-year veteran that he is.

"Oh yeah, and you expect that, you definitely expect that,'' Ravens safety Ed
Reed said. "First year, coming in, not knowing the scheme of things and playing
with a different bunch of guys. ... Now that he's been here, he's definitely
more comfortable.''

Ravens boss Brian Billick, who in his nine years in Baltimore has gone through
almost as many QBs (Stoney Case, Tony Banks, Trent Dilfer, Randall Cunningham,
Kordell Stewart, Anthony Wright, Kyle Boller, etc.) as Zsa Zsa has husbands,
could not overemphasize the importance of having McNair back to lead the offense
.

"Being able to begin with that, to go forward with a veteran quarterback that
knows your system,'' he said, "it's just huge because everything springboards
off of that in terms of changes and (schemes) you want to look at. It's a great
starting point.''

Great starting point, indeed. Especially for McNair, who no longer feels that
he's starting over.

"I'm not rushing like I was last year trying to fit in with this offense,'' he
said. "I've been a part of (the Ravens offense) for a year now, so I'm very
comfortable with it. I can go out there and relax and not think a lot.

"Last year I was thinking a lot (about) whether I was doing the right things.
Today I know what I'm doing. I know what the expectations of this offense are.''

The expectations are high, nothing less than a championship offense to match its
Super Bowl-caliber defense. McNair outdueled Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger and
Cincinnati's Carson Palmer last season to deliver a division title to Baltimore,
but was outplayed by Indianapolis' Peyton Manning in a home playoff loss last
January.

Teammates are adamant, however, that the aging McNair, who consistently plays
through pain, remains an inspirational leader.

"He hasn't let anyone down yet, he hasn't let me down yet,'' Mason said. "He's
been through some excruciating pain. He's been through a lot of things that
(would have led) some guys to probably retire. But he gets his treatment during
the week and goes out and plays with a lot of pain, but plays instinctively."

Instincts have helped make McNair one of the NFL's top QBs during the past
decade. Now the Ravens are hoping that, as the central figure of a revamped
offense, he will forge a return trip to the Super Bowl.

"To come in with a complete team, knowing who's starting at quarterback and who
everybody is, it's really overwhelming,'' linebacker Ray Lewis said. "Even when
we won the Super Bowl, we didn't have that certainty going into the season we'd
be that type of team.

"But now we have that. I think that's why everybody is so energetic about being
back.''

No one more so than McNair.

E-mail: egruver@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Quarterback Steve McNair is the centerpiece of the Ravens' revamped
offense. Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                            January 1, 2001, Monday

BUCS STILL FIGURING OUT OFFENSE

BYLINE: MIKE COBB The Ledger

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 479 words


PHILADELPHIA

Aseason of hope for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ended Sunday on the cold, hard,
slippery turf of Veterans Stadium with the Bucs still wondering who they are
offensively.

They got a first-hand look at a team, the Philadelphia Eagles, who knows what it
wants to do with the ball. Sunday, the Eagles gave it to Donovan McNabb and let
him create a work of art.

All the Bucs did was scribble outside the lines, and after their 21-3 loss to
the Eagles, they flew home with no more games to play but plenty of questions to
answer about their offense.

It's not that the offense isn't capable of working. It's that the players don't
seem to know from one week to the next how to make it work.

In midseason, Coach Tony Dungy talked about the need to establish an identity.
It was evident Sunday the need still exists.

This was their 17th game in Les Steckel's offense, and they were still wondering
what kind of offense they're supposed to be.

Is it the go-for-broke offense that hung 41 points on the Vikings and Bears and
38 on the Rams and helped set a team record for points in a season? Or is it the
don't-mess-it-up offense that messed up in a 28-14 loss to Detroit and in a
13-10 loss at Chicago.

And in Sunday's 21-3 loss to the Eagles.

"We have to figure out what type of offense we're going to be," said Johnson.

Let's not short-change the Eagles here. They have a talented defense and they
were on their game. They created havoc and confusion most of the day. They held
the Bucs to 11 first downs and 199 yards, and nearly half of that came in the
fourth quarter when the Bucs were already down by 18 points and had to cut it
loose.

The Bucs have a pretty good defense of their own, but Sunday they were
victimized by a pretty good quarterback, illustrating the difference in the two
teams. The Eagles knew what they wanted to do.

Give it to McNabb and let him make plays. It's a simple approach, but it's what
they've done all year. They put the load squarely on his shoulders. He knows
what's expected and everyone else on the field knows what to expect.

When the Bucs left the field Sunday, they weren't able to say the same thing.
Their fingers weren't pointing directly to Steckel, but he runs the offense so a
digit or two may have to be directed his way.

Mostly, they were just confused.

"We'll do a lot of analyzing on the things we did wrong and the things we did
right," said King, "Something we've got to look at is, what do we want to be?

"Whatever they decide, I'm going to try my best to make it work. I'm sure
they'll allow me to have some input on it. Hopefully we can come to an agreement
on something and go forth from there."

That's a good idea, because after Sunday's outing, they have no place else to go
for a while.

If you want to contact Mike Cobb, you can email him at mike.cobb@theledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2001 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                            November 2, 1998, Monday

OFFENSE REALLY DOES WORK

BYLINE: MIKE COBB The Ledger

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 443 words


TAMPA

It was a day of healing for the Tampa Bay Bucs Sunday. It was a day of
vindication. It was a day when the Bucs could have stood up and said, "See, we
told you it would work."

Sunday, what hadn't worked in their previous seven games -- their offense --
finally did.

The Bucs ran the ball, mixed in some passes here and there and knocked off
previously unbeaten Minnesota, 27-24.

They won it with an offense that has been maligned, criticized, picked apart and
made fun of. An offense that had been missing in action much of the year.

They won it by eliminating the major mistakes and by consistently doing the
right things.

They won it by blocking, by catching the ball, by running hard, by overcoming
the penalties that could have thwarted drives and by not turning the ball over.

They scored touchdowns on their first two possessions, something a Buccaneer
team hadn't done since Oct. 9, 1989, in a 42-35 win over Chicago.

They had no turnovers, didn't allow a sack and didn't punt once.

They ran for a team-record 246 yards rushing, and they did it, Coach Tony Dungy
pointed out, "with those same boring plays up the middle that nobody likes."

What was most significant, though, was that the Buccaneer offense had to have
the kind of day it had. The defense struggled for three quarters to slow down
Minnesota's high-powered attack, so it was left to the offense to match the
Vikings.

"We've said all year there'd be a time when the offense would have to bail out
the defense, and they did that," said Dungy.

The only time the Bucs didn't score when they were given the opportunity was in
the third quarter when they were stopped on fourth-and-goal at the Viking 5.

"It shows when we put our minds to it, when we have a plan and stick to it and
when we play Buccaneer football, we're tough to beat," said quarterback Trent
Dilfer.

In the previous seven weeks, the Bucs hadn't played much Buccaneer football
offensively.

That brought about calls from the fans and the media for changes. They wanted a
new quarterback. They wanted a new offensive coordinator. They wanted more
sweeps, more downfield passes, more something.

They were tired of watching an offense that had scored just three first-half
field goals all year and managed just three points in a 9-3 loss to New Orleans
last week.

Sunday, they saw the Bucs' offense the way it's supposed to work.

"We didn't make stupid mistakes," said halfback Warrick Dunn.

"We had the correct reads. Guys made plays when they were supposed to.

"When we do that, our offense is not boring. It's alive, and we're moving the
football up and down the field."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1998 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

Missing offense

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 666 words


Feb. 27--DEKALB, Ill. -- With a chance to set a program record, University of
Toledo instead spun a broken record.

An offense once thought to have few flaws is exposing many of late, delivering
pause to the Rockets' status by some as the favorite in next month's
Mid-American Conference tournament.

For the third time in two weeks, Toledo's offense hid in witness protection,
leading to a 74-66 setback Wednesday at middling Northern Illinois.

If not for an inspiring effort by Rian Pearson (27 points, nine rebounds), this
tricky road tilt in advance of Saturday's showdown with Western Michigan might
not have been competitive.

Pearson's compatriots in the starting line up mostly had bad nights, be it
Nathan Boothe, who fouled out without scoring, or Justin Drummond, who fouled
out with one rebound. Point guard Julius Brown couldn't get into the paint and
shot 5 of 14 -- 1 of 6 from outside.

Toledo, freshly wounded from listless showings against Eastern Michigan and
Bowling Green, hit on just 41 percent from the field and 3 of 21 on 3-pointers.

"Certainly wasn't for a lack of effort on our part," coach Tod Kowalczyk said.
"To be honest, we had some guys not play very well. That's disappointing this
time of year. Guys have to step up and play."

At stake was a share of the school record 24 wins set in 1939-40. That team,
coached by Harold Anderson in Toledo's pre-Mid-American Conference era, finished
24-6 without playing in a postseason tournament.

The Rockets (23-5, 11-4) will try again Saturday at home against Western
Michigan, which escaped Ball State in overtime to break a tie with Toledo atop
the West division. Should it close the regular season with wins over Western
Michigan, Central Michigan, and Eastern Michigan, Toledo will attain the No. 1
seed to the MAC tournament.

To do that, the Rockets would be wise to start scoring like they did in December
and January. A couple of Pearson 3-pointers, and a Pearson jumper shortly after,
cut a nine-point deficit to one with about six minutes to go. Boothe missed a
free throw with a chance to tie, and NIU scored the next seven points.

Pearson missed a 3, leading to a Darrell Bowie run out for a 61-53 NIU edge.

"I just tried to come out with energy and get my teammates to follow me," said
Pearson, who was 10 of 15 from the field.

This late-season loss to a sub-.500 team -- NIU improved to 13-14 (7-8) --
diminishes Toledo's power to earn an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament should
the Rockets stumble in Cleveland.

Kowalczyk, whose team was outrebounded 40 to 29, dismissed a question about his
players exhibiting signs of fatigue.

"I'd like to think we're just the opposite," he said.

"We're excited to play. We had some great practices. We just didn't play well."

As has too often been the case, foul trouble by Boothe undermined Toledo's low
post efforts. Unable to slow NIU big man Jordan Threloff with Zach Garber,
Kowalczyk ordered an unconventional line up midway through the first half and
replaced Garber with 6-foot-7 Matt Smith.

Threloff had eight first half points on 3 of 5 shooting. Averaging about nine
points, he finished with 13 to go with nine rebounds. He made 7 of 8 free
throws, and NIU, a 67 percent team at the line, made 25 of 30.

Boothe played just eight minutes in the half before incurring his second foul.

He picked up fouls three and four by the midway point of the second half and
fouled out with three minutes to go. He needs to stay on the court Saturday to
give UT a chance against WMU's All-MAC center Shayne Whittington. The 6-foot-10
Whittington burned UT for 10 points and 10 rebounds in the first meeting -- a
nine-point WMU win -- and is capable of even bigger numbers.

"Nathan Boothe had a bad game. He just did," Kowalczyk said. "When he gets zero
points, we're going to struggle. Tonight he had an awful game."

Contact Ryan Autullo at: , 419-724-6160 or on Twitter .

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140227-TO-Missing-offense-0227-20140227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 24, 2006 Friday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

USF offense runs through defense

BYLINE: GREG AUMAN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 579 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


The consensus entering spring drills was that the defense was the Bulls' better
half, but that wasn't the case during the first day practicing in full pads.

Coach Jim Leavitt ended Thursday's practice with full-contact goal-line drills,
and his offense dominated, scoring eight times in nine tries.. As a result, the
offense was able to leave early while the defense ran sprints across and back
the practice field 16 times.

"It was a great day for offense," Leavitt said. "I have a defensive mentality,
but I didn't think they'd score that many times. Offense really did some good
things. It was encouraging."

And that was a unit missing starting quarterback Carlton Hill, who left early
for classes for the second day, and second-string running back Moise Plancher,
who hurt his hamstring Wednesday and will be held out of Saturday's scrimmage.

USF's defense, with two first-year assistants coaches Bernard Clark (defensive
line) and Troy Douglas (safeties), left the field intent on a better showing
Saturday. Leavitt said he expects the defense to lead the team.

"You would think, but they weren't today," he said. "I think the defense might
be different next time."

Junior defensive tackle Eric Thomas of Lake City, who had six tackles in two
seasons, has opted to become a student assistant rather than continue to battle
a painful knee injury, Leavitt said.

"Eric hurt his knee his last game in high school, and he's never been the same,"
Leavitt said. "He's such a courageous guy, and my heart goes out to him. He's
going to help us coach, help bring somebody else along."

Defensive tackle Julian Riley, a 6-foot-4, 285-pound Lakewood graduate who
transferred from Florida in January, switched to a green No. 85 jersey and
worked with the tight ends.

Plant quarterback Robert Marve, expected to be one of the area's top senior
quarterbacks this fall, attended practice for the second day in a row.

BASEBALL: USF senior Kris Howell was named to the Big East Honor Roll for the
week ending March 19. Howell of Tierra Verde hit .500 last week, helping USF to
a 3-1 record and the team's first-ever Big East series victory against the
University of Connecticut. In St. Augustine, former Hillsborough Community
College player Shane Darnofall had a key single as Flagler College scored seven
runs in the eighth to rally past Grand View College of Des Moines, Iowa.

SOFTBALL: Florida State swept Florida International, 3-1 and 8-0. FSU improved
to 22-14, while the Golden Panthers dropped to 15-20. FSU, which swept its third
doubleheader of the season, has won five straight against FIU.

SWIMMING: University of Florida senior Ryan Lochte set American and NCAA records
in the 200 individual medley at 2006 NCAA Men's Swimming & Diving Championships
in Atlanta. Lochte's time was 1:40.55. Florida State's men's 200 free relay team
of senior Joel Roycik, junior Alex Kennon, and sophomores Jarryd Botha and Ed
Denton earned honorable mention All-American honors for its 15th-place finish.
The team finished in 1:20.08. Georgia's Chris Colwell of Brandon won the men's
1-meter diving finals at the NCAA championships.

TRACK: UF Senior Kayne DaKoski of Palm Harbor posted the second-best score in
school history and an NCAA provisional total in winning the decathlon at the
Florida State Relays. DaKoski easily won the decathlon with 7,211 points with
sophomore teammate Kurt Lee of Spring Hill taking second with 6,197 points.

Information from other news organizations was used in the report.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 7, 2012 Sunday

BG defense proves top MAC status

BYLINE: John Wagner, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 557 words


Oct. 07--AKRON -- It was a showdown between the best offense in the Mid-American
Conference, at least statistically speaking, and the league's best defense.

For a half, it seemed the offense, which belonged to Akron, would have the upper
hand. But the Bowling Green State University football team's defense dominated
the second half to help the Falcons claim a 24-10 victory at InfoCision Stadium.

The Zips came into the game leading the MAC in scoring offense (38.6 points per
game) and yards per game (492.4 ypg) after rolling to 629 yards and 49 points in
a loss to Miami one week earlier.

But BG, which led the MAC in total defense by allowing just 348.4 yards per
game, held Akron to just 316 yards of total offense and 10 points.

"Our defense is ranked high, too," coach Dave Clawson said. "We challenged our
defense: It was the No. 1 offense in the conference against the No. 1 defense.
That was a matchup we had to win.

"And I thought we won it. Our guys responded. They were going to make plays, but
we didn't give up big plays. And as the game wore on, I thought our pass rush
started becoming very effective."

In the first half Akron had 280 yards of offense on 50 plays, an average of 5.6
yards per play. But the Falcons held the Zips to just 36 yards on 26 plays, or
1.4 yards per play, thanks in part to four sacks. Akron had minus-23 yards
rushing in the second half.

"Nobody was down at halftime," said safety Ryland Ward, who had five tackles and
also forced a fumble. "It was just a matter of what time everybody was going to
explode and come together. There wasn't any bad emotion going on. I can't say we
did anything different besides make some minor adjustments. We just had to
execute and be more sure in our tackles."

Cornerback Cameron Truss led BG with 10 tackles, while rover Gabe Martin had
seven. Defensive lineman Ted Ouellet had five stops, including a sack; the other
sacks went to Chris Jones, D.J. Lynch, and Kendall Montgomery, a converted tight
end playing just his second game at defensive end.

"Kendall has worked really hard," Clawson said. "Kendall is really well-liked,
he's very serious about football, but he's at a position [tight end] where we
have depth."

TIMEOUT: A chaotic situation late in the first half led to Bowling Green calling
a timeout with Akron in possession of the ball on the Falcons' 29. The clock was
winding down as BG asked for time with four seconds left -- and the Zips coaches
waving for time as well.

"I called it," Clawson said of the timeout, which was credited to Akron in the
play-by-play. "We saw how they lined up, and we weren't in the coverage call we
wanted to be in. We made a [defensive] call when there were 20-some seconds left
in the half, thinking they would run two or three plays."

Akron lined up and kicked a 46-yard field goal as time expired in the half, but
Clawson did not regret the call.

"If they kicked the field goal and got three, I didn't want to be down 14-0
because we were in the wrong coverage," he said.

SPECIAL VISITORS: Among those at Saturday's game were members of Bowling Green's
Board of Trustees. The idea was to look at Akron's new stadium, which was opened
in 2009, and gain ideas for a renovation of Doyt Perry Stadium.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121007-TO-BG-defense-proves-top-MAC-status-1007-20121007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday

BYU football: Wisconsin offense familiar, but with better players

BYLINE: By Jay Drew The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; BYU Cougars

LENGTH: 494 words


Provo   The last time BYU's Kyle Van Noy faced an offense coordinated by former
Utahn Andy Ludwig, he turned in one of the most dominating defensive
performances in school history, leading the Cougars to a 23-6 win over San Diego
State in the 2013 Poinsettia Bowl.

He scored two defensive touchdowns -- off an interception he returned for a
score and a fumble he caused and recovered. He also had eight tackles, 1 1/2
sacks and blocked a punt.

Ludwig, an Ogden native who was Utah's offensive coordinator from 2005-08, is
now the OC at Wisconsin (6-2), which plays host to BYU (6-2) on Saturday at Camp
Randall Stadium in Madison. But Van Noy isn't necessarily licking his chops at
the prospect of going against Ludwig's offense again.

For starters, Wisconsin has much better players, Van Noy said Wednesday after
being named one of 10 finalists for the Senior CLASS award.

"It's a totally different team. It is a new year," Van Noy said. "So, new
personnel, new team, great running backs [Melvin Gordon and James White] and a
good quarterback [Joel Stave] at the helm who takes care of the offense and
takes care of the ball."

The Badgers are ranked No. 10 in the country in rushing offense (287.0 ypg.) and
No. 18 in total offense (494.6 ypg) and will try to control the game with their
powerful offensive line and perhaps the best running back tandem in the country.
Gordon averages 134.3 yards per game and White averages 100.5.

"They are big," BYU defensive coordinator Nick Howe said of Wisconsin's line.
"They are like Notre Dame last year. That's who I would compare them to that we
have played. Maybe like Oklahoma a few years ago, that type of size."

Baddest linebacker?

Wisconsin coach Gary Andersen, the former USU coach, said Monday that Van Noy is
a great linebacker, but, "We all know where the top linebacker in the country
plays, and that's right in our own backyard."

He was referring to senior Chris Borland, also a semifinalist for the Butkus and
Benarik awards.

"Nah, that's just an opinion," Van Noy said, when asked if Andersen's boast
fired him up. "I am never going to discredit someone for their opinion, and I
think it is cool that he thinks that. I have nothing against it. But my opinion
probably is different. ccc He's a coach. He's going to have his guy's back. I
think it is honorable to have your player's back."

BYU-Wisconsin ties

Andersen's son, Chasen, who signed with BYU last February before being released
by coach Bronco Mendenhall, is taking classes at Wisconsin and will enroll
full-time and join the football program in January. Chasen's twin brother,
Hagen, will be a walk-on at Utah State, also beginning in January.

Rocky Biegel, the father of Wisconsin linebacker Vince Biegel, played for BYU
from 1988-91 and was a second-team all-Western Athletic Conference linebacker in
1990. Rocky Biegel's brother, T.D. Biegel, also played for BYU (1993-94).

drew@sltrib.com

Twitter: @drewjay -- BYU at No. 21 Wisconsin Saturday, 1:30 p.m. TV: ESPN

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            December 25, 2005 Sunday

Jayhawk offense hopes to build on strong bowl outing

BYLINE: Kevin Haskin Capital-Journal

SECTION: D; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 682 words


Jason Swanson

threw for 307 yards and four touchdowns

Jon Cornish

will be among key offensive returnees

By Kevin Haskin

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Kansas football fans followed what, loosely, could be considered the old
Chisholm Trail into Fort Worth.

Once there, they watched the Jayhawks punch, rope and eventually brand the
Houston Cougars by dominating all three phases and ruling the Fort Worth Bowl
42-13.

KU's defensive dominance --- 244 yards allowed, resulting in a 3.6-yard average
per snap --- was hardly unexpected.

Smart in where they're positioned and sound in how they tackle, the Jayhawks
figured to pose problems for Houston. The Cougars were explosive throughout the
season but produced their numbers against competition inferior to what KU faced.

The bigger question for the Jayhawks was whether their offense could seize upon
the intensity established by the KU defense.

Quarterback Jason Swanson and Co. more than obliged. The Jayhawks produced a
season-high of 538 yards, with Swanson completing 19 of 29 passes for 307 yards
and four touchdowns.

"They were phenomenal tonight," said KU linebacker Nick Reid. "You couldn't have
asked for more."

People will, however.

Fourth-year coach Mark Mangino and his staff will strive to build a more
efficient, consistent attack.

Returnees and newcomers on the offense, bolstered by a 7-5 finish, will attempt
to use the bowl win as momentum to whisk them through the offseason. And fans
will toast the finish, which featured four wins in the last five games, by
raising expectations with orders for more tickets.

"It gives us a little more confidence for next year," said junior running back
Jon Cornish, "when we need to take that next step and finish higher in the Big
12."

The conference schedule swings in KU's favor. It changes its crossover games and
draws the three weakest teams in the South Division --- Baylor, Oklahoma State
and Texas A&M.

In addition, the North Division remains in disarray. Kansas State and Colorado
are changing coaches and the other three teams --- Iowa State, Missouri and
Nebraska --- are opponents the Jayhawks beat in 2005.

But history shows Kansas has never logged bowl appearances in back-to-back
seasons.

Questions regarding personnel could again prevent such a breakthrough. While KU
must replace far more starters on defense, any strides the offense finally
showcased in the Fort Worth Bowl must be engineered by a new quarterback.

And the likely successor is a freshman. The redshirt almost was peeled off Kerry
Meier this season when the Jayhawks were struggling, but his preseason surgery
to treat a heart condition convinced Mangino not to make the move.

"In the long term (the redshirt) is going to benefit us tremendously," Mangino
said. "He's run the scout team and learned how to manage the offense against a
very good defense every day in practice. We're real pleased with his progress."

In addition to Swanson, Kansas loses just three additional seniors off its
offense --- right tackle Matt Thompson, running back Clark Green and wide
receiver Mark Simmons.

Simmons leaves with the most receptions in KU history, while Green gained the
fourth most yardage of all KU backs.

Still, the Jayhawks have suitable experience returning on offense.

Cornish rushed for 101 yards against Houston and caught two shovel passes for
touchdowns. Charles Gordon, a junior wideout KU wants to keep on offense, led
the Jayhawks with six receptions for 86 yards Friday, while another junior,
Brian Murph, caught a 48-yard touchdown and finished with four grabs for 78
yards.

"If you look at the entire season, (the bowl statistics) might have been an
anomaly," said Cornish, "but I believe next year we'll really jump up there as
an offense and we'll be able to do more."

Please see JAYHAWKS, Page 5D

Continued from Page 1D

Jayhawks: Big 12 slate shifts in 2006 season

PHOTOGRAPHS BY CHRIS LANDSBERGER/THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Kansas finished the 2005 season with a 7-5 mark, including four wins in its
final five outings of the year.

The Jayhawks return several starters on offense in 2006 and won have to face
Texas or Oklahoma in Big 12 play.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           February 3, 2007 Saturday

Overlooked units could be super;
Bears' offense, Colts' defense have their own weapons.

BYLINE: Bob Brookover, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 738 words


The focus at Super Bowl XLI has been on the Indianapolis Colts' offense and the
Chicago Bears' defense, both of which ranked among the best in the NFL during
the regular season.

In fact, there was a telling scene this week during one of the Bears' media
gatherings at their team headquarters near Miami International Airport. When the
interview sessions opened, the men and women loaded with cameras, microphones
and notepads huddled around a table occupied by defensive coordinator Ron
Rivera.

Six feet over, you needed only one hand to count the number of reporters seated
at a table with offensive coordinator Ron Turner.

A similar scene unfolded later that day at the Colts' hotel in Fort Lauderdale.
If you weren't there early, you couldn't get close to the podium occupied by
quarterback Peyton Manning.

Meanwhile, 50 feet away, the Colts' regular-season sacks leader, Robert Mathis,
sat alone at a table.

Turner insisted he didn't mind that the Bears' defense gets the majority of
attention.

"We just want to win - that's the main thing," he said. "We've got a great
defense, and what helps an offense more than anything is having a great defense.
Those guys get turnovers, they get us great field position."

With Manning and the Colts' offense going against middle linebacker Brian
Urlacher and the Bears' defense, it's possible those two units could neutralize
each other.

That means that either the Bears' offense or the Colts' defense could be the
difference tomorrow at Dolphin Stadium, and that somebody who didn't get much
attention in the days leading up to the game could get plenty of it after the
game.

"I wouldn't be shocked at all," Colts coach Tony Dungy said. "I think the other
four units - both special teams and our defense and the Bears' offense - I think
that's what's going to determine the game. It always turns out that way."

Not always, but Super Bowl history is filled with stories of unlikely heroes.

Timmy Smith, for example, carried the ball 29 times for 126 yards during the
1987 season. And then, in the only distinctive moment of his NFL career, he ran
for 204 yards and two touchdowns during the Washington Redskins' Super Bowl XXII
rout of the Denver Broncos.

The Redskins' Doug Williams got headlines before that Super Bowl only because he
was the first African American to play quarterback in an NFL title game. John
Elway, playing in his second consecutive Super Bowl, was by far the better and
better-known quarterback. But Williams, after throwing just 11 touchdowns during
the regular season, threw four of them during a 35-point second quarter for the
Redskins and stole the show.

Nobody cared too much what St. Louis linebacker Mike Jones had to say during the
pregame hype for Super Bowl XXXIV, but everybody wanted to talk to him after he
stopped Tennessee's Kevin Dyson one yard shy of a game-tying touchdown as time
expired.

Maybe Temple's Raheem Brock or Rutgers' Gary Brackett will make the play that
seals this Super Bowl title for the Colts. Or maybe Rex Grossman will outshine
Manning.

Early in the season, Grossman was playing as well as any quarterback in the
league. He had a passer rating of 98.6 or better in six of Chicago's first nine
games, so he obviously is capable of playing a good game.

"I think we are a good offense," Turner said. "We've got a lot of really good
players and I think we've shown through the year that we can move the ball and
be a good offense. We are not necessarily about putting up stats and numbers. We
really don't pay attention to that. What we're looking for is to help our team
win and score points, and we've been able to do those two things."

The Bears, in fact, tied for second in the league with the Colts in scoring. How
they scored those points doesn't really matter.

Indianapolis, meanwhile, has its share of outstanding defensive players, even
though the Colts finished 21st in yards allowed and last in the league in
running yards allowed. Just a year ago, the Colts surrendered the second-fewest
points in the league. In three playoff games this year, they have allowed just
220 total yards rushing, an average of 73.3 per game. They surrendered just 14
points in their first two playoff games, against Kansas City and Baltimore.

"It feels good knowing that we turned it on at the right time, at a critical
time," Mathis said.

No time is more critical than tomorrow.

Contact staff writer Bob Brookover at 215-854-2577 or bbrookover@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          December 27, 2006 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Coughlin Demotes Offensive Coordinator

BYLINE: By JOHN BRANCH

SECTION: Section D; Column 5; Sports Desk; PRO FOOTBALL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Dec. 26


Giants Coach Tom Coughlin, in a last-ditch attempt to salvage his team's season,
if not his job, stripped the offensive coordinator, John Hufnagel, of most of
his responsibilities, including calling plays, and handed them to the
quarterbacks coach, Kevin Gilbride.

There is no official change in Gilbride's title, but Hufnagel's was removed.

''There's no offensive coordinator,'' Coughlin told reporters Tuesday after a
brief evening practice at Giants Stadium. ''If there would be one, it would be
me. Kevin will be the play-caller and he will head the meetings this week'' for
the quarterbacks and for the offense.

Coughlin was quick to compliment Hufnagel and try to head off the conclusion
that he was being made a scapegoat for the Giants' woes, which stretch far
beyond the offense.

''I'm hoping it sparks us to win a game,'' Coughlin said.

If the Giants (7-8) beat the Washington Redskins (5-10) on Saturday, they are
nearly assured of making the playoffs, where they would play the winner of their
own division, the National Football Conference East -- the Philadelphia Eagles
or the Dallas Cowboys. An 8-8 Giants team would miss the playoffs only if the
Green Bay Packers (7-8) beat the Chicago Bears (13-2) and an unlikely mix of
results from other games occurs Sunday.

Demoting Hufnagel during a Christmas-morning meeting is a bold -- and perhaps
belated -- demonstration of Coughlin's desperation. As the Giants have free
fallen through the conference standings by losing six of their past seven games,
the offense has become increasingly ineffective. It broke down completely and
memorably in Sunday's 30-7 loss to the New Orleans Saints.

In that game, the Giants set season lows for yards, first downs and plays. They
did not run a play from inside Saints territory. After completing his first six
passes, quarterback Eli Manning was 3 of 19 for 14 yards.

That clinched it for Coughlin, who was serenaded by a ''Fire Coughlin'' chant in
the second half. He had been mulling a move for weeks -- an admission sure to be
second-guessed for its timing, right before the final regular-season game.

''How can you look at the production of Sunday and not think that, O.K., there's
some issue here?'' Coughlin said.

Hufnagel will spend his time this week preparing analyses for various aspects of
the offense, like third downs and for when the ball is inside the opponents' 20,
Coughlin said.

Gilbride will run the offense in meetings, on the practice field and from the
sideline during the Giants' game Saturday in Washington.

Neither Hufnagel nor Gilbride were available for comment. Coughlin does not
permit his assistants to speak with reporters except on three preassigned days
during the year, two of them in the off-season.

The Giants were the N.F.L.'s third-highest-scoring team under Hufnagel in 2005.
This season, with all 11 starters returning, they had the second-ranked offense
and the No. 2 rushing attack, in yards gained, through six games.

The offense now ranks 14th over all -- 10th in rushing and 18th in passing --
among the 32 N.F.L. teams.

Coughlin said that the team's style on offense would not visibly change with
Gilbride in charge, but after several losses he had said the offense had
struggled to find a rhythm. Play calling is all about rhythm, and it was
criticized by running back Tiki Barber after last month's loss to the
Jacksonville Jaguars.

Manning, like other players Tuesday night, seemed to feel guilty, as if someone
had taken the fall for the team's troubles.

''It's just kind of an awkward situation,'' Manning said. ''I kind of feel it's
somewhat my fault.''

He added, ''I don't think it had to do with the coaching or the play calling.''

Gilbride was the offensive coordinator and called plays in 1995 and 1996 for
Coughlin's Jaguars teams. In 1996, Jacksonville led the league in passing yards
and was second in total offense. The Jaguars fell a victory short of the Super
Bowl, and Gilbride became the coach of the San Diego Chargers.

Before joining the Giants in 2004, Hufnagel spent five seasons as a quarterbacks
coach for the Cleveland Browns, the Indianapolis Colts, the Jaguars (under
Coughlin) and the New England Patriots.

He apparently will be searching for another job. That realization hit the Giants
when they learned of the move.

''I was disappointed,'' center Shaun O'Hara said. ''I was disappointed in myself
and, I think, my teammates, because I think it reflects and looks bad on all of
us.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Coach Tom Coughlin pushed aside his offensive coordinator, John
Hufnagel, after the Giants set a season low for yards against the Saints. (Photo
by Marko Georgiev for The New York Times)(pg. D7)
 Kevin Gilbride, the Giants' quarterbacks coach, will call plays for Eli Manning
and the offense against the Washington Redskins on Saturday. (Photo by Chris
McGrath/Getty Images)(pg. D1)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   December 11, 2001 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Tech's offense included tight end

BYLINE: By AL LESAR; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 782 words


SOUTH BEND -- Tight ends in the Georgia Tech football team's offense this season
caught 28 passes.

Over the past two years at Notre Dame, tight ends Jabari Holloway, Dan O'Leary,
John Owens and Gary Godsey have combined for, that's right, 28 receptions.

That's just one of the areas of comparison that can be made between the attack
coach George O'Leary ran in Atlanta and the one he has inherited in South Bend.

When Notre Dame athletic director Kevin White embarked on his secret
cross-country mission to find a replacement for Bob Davie, one of the mandates
was to find a guy with a history of firepower in his offense. Judging by Georgia
Tech's numbers this season -- averages of 418 yards of total offense and 32
points per game -- O'Leary satisfies that criteria.

Flexibility and balance have been the trademarks for offenses with the O'Leary
stamp of approval. In 1998 and 1999, Joe Hamilton was a very mobile quarterback
who could run some option if he had to but earned a spot as a finalist for the
Heisman Trophy by being able to deliver the ball to his receivers.

When Hamilton left, George Godsey assumed the controls. Not nearly as elusive as
Hamilton, Godsey was just as effective. The Yellow Jackets were able to adjust
to their new leader and make the best out of his talents.

Despite having tailback Joe Burns rush for 1,165 yards and 14 touchdowns (on 282
carries in 12 games this season in a predominantly one-back scheme), the Tech
offense was considered a bit top-heavy with the pass. Godsey completed 249 of
384 passes for 3,085 yards and 18 touchdowns. Combining 2000 and 2001, Notre
Dame passed for 2,571 yards.

Georgia Tech's top two receivers, Kelly Campbell (56 receptions for 708 yards
and three touchdowns) and Jonathan Smith (53 catches, 590 yards and four
touchdowns) have more passing yards and TD receptions than the entire Irish team
this season (1,117 yards and four touchdown passes).

The mastermind of the Yellow Jacket offense for several years under O'Leary had
been Ralph Friedgen. However, even though he took over as the head coach at
Maryland this season, the continuity of the Tech production remained in 2001.

Personnel adjustments translated into some problems for the Tech attack,
especially in the "red zone,'' inside the opponent's 20-yard line.

O'Leary had been used to having tall, physical receivers who could establish
themselves as weapons in the end zone. This year, his receiving corps was
comprised mainly of small, speedy receivers, making them dangerous in the open
field, but limited at close range.

The switch to Notre Dame will be a challenge, as tries to rejuvenate one of the
statistically worst offenses in the country.

"There are no wholesale changes, where you come in and change this and that,''
O'Leary said. "Until you sit down and make an evaluation...''

The big decision that will face O'Leary has to do with the quarterback position.

* Can Carlyle Holiday throw the ball with more accuracy than he did this season?

* Can Holiday adjust his game to fit a more conventional scheme?

* Or, will O'Leary use a scheme variation that will give Holiday freedom to use
his athleticism?

* Will Matt LoVecchio be a better fit for what O'Leary wants to do?

* If he is, would that mean Holiday might switch positions?

* Will Jared Clark finally get a chance to show what he can do?

* Is it possible O'Leary would turn to a freshman recruit to find a quarterback
who can meet his expectations?

And that's only the one area. Beyond that, O'Leary will have to figure out why
tailback Julius Jones has been hurt in each of his first three seasons. If he
plans on staying with the one-back attack, O'Leary will need to find something
for fullback Tom Lopienski to do in his fifth year.

Solidifying the line will also be a struggle. Jordan Black, who will be back for
a fifth year, had to move from tackle to guard to plug a gaping hole. Black and
Brennan Curtin are solid at tackles, Jeff Faine's a fixture at center and Sean
Mahan has one guard nailed down. The other guard spot is up for grabs like it
was last year.

Arnaz Battle must be ready to make an impact at receiver. He spent most of the
2001 season watching departed David Givens and Javin Hunter, while waiting his
turn. The spots alongside Battle will be wide open.

"My offensive philosophy is, you have to score points,'' said O'Leary, sounding
as simple as possible. "You can do it by either land or sea -- throwing or
running. That's what's important, to get good at it.''

Getting good may take a while for this Notre Dame team, but O'Leary's history
says it should happen.

Staff writer Al Lesar: alesar@sbtinfo.com (219) 235-6318


LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tale of two offenses   This is a comparison of the Notre Dame and
Georgia Tech offenses in 2001. Tech played 12 games while the Irish played 11.
Team stats  ND    Ga. Tech  Total yards    3187    5015 Rushing yards    2070
    1668 Passing yards    1117    3347 Total points    214    381 3rd-down conv.

    68-176    89-190 Pass com.-att.    109-218    264-413 Interceptions    11
    14 Fumbles lost    12    7 Individual stats  Top receiver's yards    387
708 Top rusher's yards    718    1165 Tight end rec./yards    10-129    28-321 ;

 PAST vs. PRESENT   Here is a comparison of Bob Davie's five-year tenure at
Notre Dame and George O'Leary's seven-year stint at Georgia Tech. O'Leary's
record includes three losses as an interim coach in 1994.     Davie    O'Leary
Overall    35-25    52-33 vs. Top 25    6-15    11-16 vs. Top 10    1-7    2-8
Bowls    0-3    2-2

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               December 13, 1995, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

AROUND THE SOUTH;
REGION IN BRIEF;
Mother demands 'multiracial' box for school forms

BYLINE: Compiled by Gerrie Ferris

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 417 words


Loretta Edwards doesn't want her 9-year-old daughter Ashleigh to have to choose
between the heritage of her mother, who is white, and her father, who is black,
when she fills out official forms, so she is suing the federal government.

In documents filed in Palm Beach County, Fla., Edwards demands that the Office
of Management and Budget change the rules for determining racial and ethnic
categories. She wants her daughter to be allowed simply to check "multiracial" -
not an option under current guidelines.

TENNESSEE

PITCHING BRICKS: Just three weeks from the start of Tennessee's Bicentennial
celebration, only 5,000 commemorative bricks for a new mall have been sold.
That's only 3 percent of the 150,000 organizers expected to sell, so they plan
to launch a $ 100,000 marketing blitz next week to peddle the bricks.

FLORIDA

SEX ARREST: A man who taught a church course in Miami to pre-teens and teenagers
on how to handle their emerging sexual urges has been accused of taking a
15-year-old boy home and sexually assaulting him. Police said David Reed
Whitehead, 32, was charged with two counts of lewd and lascivious assault on a
minor. The teen was not in any of Whitehead's classes, said Joe Kiovsky, the
minister at the First Unitarian Church.

SOUTH CAROLINA

PLANT CLOSING: Jackson Mills in Iva is closing, taking with it 395 jobs -
roughly a third of the town population. "This is very traumatic," said Butch
Harris, president of Jackson Mills, which makes fabric for women's apparel and
home furnishings. The company will finish the production schedule until the
shutdown is complete sometime in the next 10 weeks, Harris said. He said rising
raw-material costs have squeezed profit margins. Jackson Mills is the latest of
nearly a dozen textile mills in South Carolina to announce closings or cutbacks
since the summer.

SOUTHERN NOTES

This week's blast of cold air left two people dead in Alabama and sent hundreds
of homeless Floridians into shelters from Jacksonville to St. Petersburg, but
forecasters are predicting warmer temperatures by week's end. . . . Cheatham
County, Tenn., started a chain gang this month, but many sheriffs around
Tennessee say they'll wait until the U.S. Supreme Court rules on a lawsuit
challenging chain gangs started by Alabama . . . Two men charged in Naples,
Fla., with killing three Cracker Barrel restaurant employees may have slit the
workers' throats to get revenge for on-the-job conflicts, police said.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday

Fireworks likely: Plenty of offense expected in tonight's All-Star Game

BYLINE: Andy Amey, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 879 words


June 28--TERRE HAUTE -- Predicting the offensive attack for the Black Division
in tonight's 10th annual Wabash Valley Football Coaches Association All-Star
Game shouldn't be difficult.

With coach Chris Barrett of Terre Haute North able to put two of his running
backs -- Ricky Brookins and Kai Stratten -- plus wide receiver Nate Carson and
his son, quarterback Chris Barrett II, behind four of his offensive linemen, a
Patriot-like offense can certainly be expected.

Brian Oliver doesn't have his own quarterback from Linton to run the Gold
Division offense, but he isn't complaining. He has three quarterbacks to choose
from -- including one unexpected bonus -- and a corp of running backs led by the
runner with the best two single-game yardage totals in Indiana high school
football history.

Plenty of offense is possible when the ball is kicked off at 7:30 p.m. at
Indiana State's Memorial Stadium, in other words.

"If you're a football fan, you'd better buy a ticket," Chris Barrett advised
earlier this week. "It's always been an exciting game, and this one should be no
different."

The younger Barrett is expected to be ready to run his father's offense tonight,
although as recently as Thursday morning he was iced up after tweaking a
hamstring injury. Other quarterback possibilities for Black are Olney's Nolan
Shan and Sullivan's Michael Willis, although both those players could also see
action as receivers.

North Vermillion's Brayden Woodard and Greencastle's Ty Scott had been expected
to share the load running the spread offense expected from Gold, but then a
third quarterback became involved.

Nicco Stepina, who led Casey deep into the Illinois playoffs in the fall, should
have been packing his bags for West Point instead of playing football today, but
his Army plans hit a snag.

"I have a heart condition: aortic valve regurgitation," Stepina said this week.
The condition, which can cause some blood being pumped away from the heart to
leak back in, is not always serious, and he had been cleared to play football
for Army. Being a potential soldier was different, he learned.

"[The Army] finally said they wouldn't allow it," he told the Tribune-Star. "It
was graduation week [when the bad news came]. I was heartbroken."

The Casey graduate has recovered nicely, however. He'll play football this fall
at Lenoir Rhyne, and he'll play one more time with a few of his Warrior
teammates.

"Three of us played in the Illinois-Missouri All-Star Game," Stepina said, "and
we thought that would be the last time. Getting to [play together] again makes
this week that much better."

If the Gold quarterbacks are looking for a pitch man, a receiving target or just
for somebody to hand off to in the game, one of their first choices might be
North Central's Chase VanSchoyck, for whom 500-yard rushing games became almost
commonplace during his senior season.

The 208-pound speedster, who will be playing at St. Francis (Ind.) in the fall,
is ready for what he expects to be a good test of his abilities.

"I usually don't play against kids from bigger schools," he said this week. "I'm
getting a chance to prove myself. It'll be fun."

VanSchoyck expects to mesh with his three quarterbacks tonight as well as he did
at North Central with Dillon Bailey, who is also playing tonight but in the
defensive backfield.

"It's really fun putting the pads back on and meeting new people," VanSchoyck
said this week. All-Star records are 258 yards rushing (Northview's Jamie Bays)
and 81 yards on one run (North Putnam's Kolten Everts), by the way.

Both defenses will have something to say about offensive records, of course, and
no one neared any in last year's game.

"Our defense is strong at all three levels," Chris Barrett said this week.

"We are very solid at defensive tackle," added Oliver, pointing out players such
as his own Wyatt Franklin, Terre Haute South's Junior Berry, Northview's Daniel
Kimball and Greencastle's Grant Mundy, "and I really like a lot of our
skill-position players. We have three very solid quarterbacks."

"We have a nice mix of linemen, receivers, running backs and quarterbacks,"
coach Barrett noted. "You can tell you're working with all-stars by the rate you
can install things. They are fun to coach, and very coachable."

"They'll be challenging for us," Oliver said, noting how many Black squad
members are familiar with Terre Haute North's systems. "They'll be able to pick
up anything we throw at them."

"[Gold's] quarterbacks are very athletic," Barrett responded. "They have a team
full of all-stars too."

At least five scholarships will be presented at tonight's game: two Pete Varda
scholarships, to a player from each team chosen by his all-star teammates; two
Sir Thomas Automotive scholarships, to a player from each team picked by the
all-star coaches; and at least one Eitel scholarship for academic achievement.

The two newest members of the WVFCA Hall of Fame will also be recognized again
tonight. They are Rod Shafer, who coached Terre Haute South in the 1980s and
then left for even more success in Florida, and Mick Roberts, whose Illinois
coaching stops included Litchfield, Casey and Paris.

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140628-TX-Fireworks-likely-Plenty-of-offense
-expected-in-tonight-s-All-Star-Game-0628-20140628

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Star


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 23, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Chargers pick off Favre, Jets;
Rivers leads San Diego to first win of season

BYLINE: Jarrett Bell

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 367 words


SAN DIEGO -- Qualcomm Stadium was a tough place for Brett Favre to find his
rhythm in the New York Jets offense. Especially with the desperate San Diego
Chargers searching for their first victory of the season.

The Chargers walloped Favre and the Jets on Monday night 48-29, with the defense
refusing to allow the decorated quarterback comfort in his transition to a new
offense. Favre threw a season-high 42 passes for 271 yards and three touchdowns,
but he was picked off twice -- the first returned 52 yards by Antonio Cromartie
for a TD -- and sacked three times by a relentless pressure defense.

An explosive Chargers offense that rode the arm of Philip Rivers (18-for-24, 244
yards, three TDs) added up to San Diego's first victory of the season after two
crushing defeats. The Jets are 1-2. "We needed to win a game ... but we know
it's a small piece of the puzzle," Rivers said.

San Diego, a preseason Super Bowl pick, was the first NFL team  to lose its
first two games on the last play. But there was no chance for such lightning to
strike a third time with a 38-14 lead after three quarters.

Even with running back LaDainian Tomlinson limited by a toe injury (24 rushes,
65 yards), the Chargers offense had little trouble forcing Favre to play
catch-up. Rivers threw all of his TD passes -- to Mike Tolbert, Antonio Gates
and Chris Chambers -- in the first half. Then Tomlinson capped 79- and 80-yard
drives by plowing for a pair of 2-yard TD runs.

The Jets came in  hoping to establish an identity for their offense that better
suits Favre, the 18th-year pro whose 445 TD passes are the most in NFL history.
Coaches were criticized for being too conservative in a 19-10 loss Sept. 14 to
the New England Patriots.

Monday, he threw plenty in a wide-open game that reflected the big deficit and
garbage time but provided a glimpse of a more liberal approach.

"I feel much better about the offense, but there are no excuses from my end
tonight to say I'm still learning the offense," said Favre, 38, after making his
256th consecutive start. "I, as well as the rest of the offense, made some
mistakes, whether it be protection issues, wrong reads ... whatever. Those are
things that are just bad plays."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Oklahoma football: More on Watson Brown

BYLINE: Berry Tramel

SECTION:

LENGTH: 614 words


[img
url=http://blog.newsok.com/dittocontent/uploads/sites/3/2014/09/watson-brown.jpg
]3408432[/img]

I wrote about Watson Brown for the Wednesday Oklahoman, a column you can read
here. I glossed over Brown's two years in Norman as the OU offensive
coordinator, 1993-94.Brown replaced Larry Coker, who by any measurement was an
excellent offensive coordinator, at Tulsa, OSU, OU and Miami. But in 1992, the
OU offense stagnated and the Sooners slipped to 5-4-2.So Gibbs hired away Brown
from Mississippi State, where Brown had invigorated the Bulldog offense for two
seasons. Jackie Sherrill became the Mississippi State coach in 1991 and led the
Bulldogs to back-to-back 7-5 seasons.

Mississippi State had posted just one winning season the previous nine years, a
6-5 finish in 1986.The OU offense in 1992 was not good. The Sooners were fifth
in the Big 12 in total offense, 363.6 yards per game, and fourth in scoring
offense, 24.6 points a game. Cale Gundy had regressed from his strong sophomore
season, throwing 15 interceptions as a junior with just 10 touchdown passes. It
was a different era; only two Big Eight passers threw for more than 2,000 yards.
But Gundy was largely ineffective; the Sooners scored just 10 points on Southern
Cal, 14 on Iowa State, 10 on Kansas, 16 on Kansas State, 15 on OSU and nine on
Nebraska.And thus Watson Brown was summoned. He installed a more multiple
offense, built around Gundy's passing and a tailback/fullback running attack,
and the results were better.In 1993, OU averaged 386.4 yards and 28.8 points per
game, both third in the Big Eight. Gundy was much better; he completed 59.3
percent of his passes, for 2,096 yards, 14 TDs and six interceptions. Gundy led
the Big Eight in passing efficiency. OU scored 35 at TCU, 44 on Texas A&amp;M,
38 on Texas, 38 on Kansas, 42 on Missouri, 31 on OSU and 41 on Texas Tech."I
thought he was one of the smartest coaches I was ever around," said Gundy, who
in 1995 was hired to be part of Brown's maiden staff at Alabama-Birmingham,
spent four years there and then came to OU with Bob Stoops. "Still to this day.
One of those guys that could see something and translate it really fast. 'Here's
what they're doing, we need to do this.' Or vice versa. Just extremely
intelligent. Seemed very easy for him."He came in and added a variety to our
offense, became a little bit more multiple. Not as predictable. We were pretty
good that first year."Obviously, he and I got along really well. Took me under,
treated me really good. My senior year, he was coaching me. I stayed on, was a
student assistant (in 1994). He told me if he ever got a head job again, he'd
hire me. And he did. He was a man of his word. Went down there and worked four
years at UBA with him and absolutely loved it."In 1994, junior college transfer
Garrick McGee stepped in at quarterback and the offense regressed. OU went back
to 356.1 yards and 19.8 points per game, both fifth in the Big Eight. McGee, who
eventually also became head coach at UAB, completed just 52.5 percent of his
passes for 1,909 yards, eight TDs and 13 interceptions."I liked Watson," said
P.J. Mills, who was a flanker on those 1993-94 OU teams. "One of the things I
liked about him, he'd take you aside, talk to you, explain things to you. He'd
give you honest answers. I liked him as a coach. I liked him as a man."The 1994
Sooners went 6-5, Gibbs was fired late in the season though he finished out the
year and Watson Brown wanted the head coaching job. The offense's dip in '94
meant Brown had little chance to get it, but his desire was enough to keep his
brother, Mack, then at North Carolina, from accepting the job despite OU's
obvious interest.&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               November 13, 1996, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
Mistrial is declared in rape case

BYLINE: From our news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 1019 words


A mistrial was declared Tuesday in the first rape case against Alex Kelly, a
Stamford, Conn., former high school wrestler who lived as a fugitive in Europe
with his parents' help after being accused of raping two teenagers.

Kelly, now 29, turned around when the judge announced the mistrial and looked
blankly at his parents, sitting in the front row. His tearful accuser was
quickly led from the courtroom in the arms of her husband.

Judge Martin Nigro agreed that the jury of three men and three women were
hopelessly deadlocked on the fifth day of deliberations.

Lawyers for both sides said the jury had split 4-2 in favor of conviction.
Jurors were led to their cars by state troopers and were not immediately
available for comment.

Prosecutor Bruce Hudock, obviously angry and pacing the courtroom, said he would
retry Kelly before moving on to the second rape case. "The victim is ready to
take the stand again," he said. A pretrial hearing was set for Dec. 6.

THE SOUTH Taxing question

A Virginia Beach judge has ordered Pat Robertson to explain why he should not be
held in contempt of court for failing to turn over tax returns in a defamation
lawsuit against him by three Regent University professors who allege Robertson
defamed them in a letter. Robertson is the university's chancellor and founder.
The professors want to show the returns to a jury to suggest appropriate
punitive damages.

Defendant testifies

A man accused of beating his stepdaughter to death and then faking an abduction
to explain her absence testified in Bartow, Fla., that the child became a
discipline problem shortly after starting the second grade. John Zile is charged
with first-degree murder in the 1994 death of 7-year-old Christina Holt.

Funeral for sisters

Blacks and whites, schoolchildren, parents and police officers - some 700 people
in all - mourned the slaying of two little sisters with a funeral mass and
burial in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Police say Alicia Sybilla Jones, 7, and DeAnn
Emerald Eu'min, 11, were killed last week by Howard Steven Ault, 30. The repeat
sexual offender has confessed to molesting DeAnn, strangling both girls and
stuffing their bodies in his attic last week, according to police.

Fire kills five

Fire raced through a house in Bessemer, Ala., and claimed the lives of five
people, including two children, some apparently trapped inside by burglar bars
and a security door. Fire Capt. Richard Guyton identified the dead as Terry
Washington, 35; his wife, Brenda, 33; two daughters, Nakisha, 14, and Terri, 11;
and Tracy Webster, 27, Washington's sister. Authorities said the fire apparently
was started accidentally by a space heater.

Guest arrest

The executive director of the Sugar Bowl, in Chapel Hill, N.C., to assess the
University of North Carolina football team as a possible guest for the New
Year's Day game, was charged with drunken driving after an accident. According
to police reports, Paul John Hoolahan, 46, of Metarie, La., failed sobriety
tests and registered a 0.15 blood-alcohol level, almost twice the legal limit
for driving in North Carolina.

COURTS No gouging

The judge in O.J. Simpson's wrongful death trial in Santa Monica, Calif.,
refused to let a witness gouge a defense lawyer's flesh to show jurors how
someone could claw out chunks of a person's fingers in a fight to the death.
Attorney Robert Baker had challenged forensic pathologist Werner Spitz to use
his own fingernails to show how Ronald Goldman, who had short fingernails, could
have gouged flesh from the hand of an assailant - allegedly Simpson. Later, in a
rare display of repulsion, some of the normally passive jurors averted their
eyes from ghastly autopsy pictures of Nicole Brown Simpson and Goldman, only to
be lectured by Superior Court Judge Hiroshi Fujisaki to pay attention.

TV guest guilty

In a case that put "ambush television" on trial, a "Jenny Jones Show" guest was
spared a mandatory life sentence and convicted of second- degree murder for
shooting a gay man who revealed a crush on him during a taping. In deciding
against a first-degree murder conviction, the jury in Pontiac, Mich., found that
26-year-old Jonathan Schmitz acted without premeditation in the 1995 slaying of
Scott Amedure, 32. Schmitz could be sentenced from eight years to life in
prison, with the possibility of parole.

HISTORY Adams' Bible stolen

Thieves who used a power saw to breach the oak front door of the nation's first
presidential library took more than just an armful of old books. They stole a
piece of history. Among the items taken from the Quincy, Mass., library was a
Bible given to John Quincy Adams by a group of Africans whose freedom he helped
secure after a bloody rebellion aboard the slave ship Amistad in 1839. The
Amistad case, argued by Adams before the U.S. Supreme Court, galvanized
abolitionists. Spain wanted the slaves returned as property, but Adams succeeded
in getting the slaves freed and paved the way for them to return to Africa.

SPACE
Liftoff scheduled

NASA began the countdown for this week's liftoff of Columbia despite one of the
worst weather forecasts ever for a space shuttle launch. There is an 80 percent
chance that high wind would scuttle Friday afternoon's launch at Cape Canaveral,
Fla., NASA said. The forecast is no better for Saturday and only slightly better
for Sunday. Columbia is one week late for its 16-day science mission because
NASA wanted to investigate troubling heat damage to the insulation in the
booster rockets used in a previous flight.

HEALTH Possible contamination

Two workers at Connecticut Yankee nuclear power plant may have inhaled more than
their annual limit of radiation in just 20 minutes this month when they stirred
up highly contaminated paint dust. Northeast Utilities, owner of the Haddam Neck
plant, has hired two health physicists from the University of Massachusetts at
Lowell to determine how much radiation the workers absorbed on Nov. 2 when they
collected radioactive paint chips by hand and did not wear respirators.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The public on Tuesday got to see the remains of the Jeep Grand
 Cherokee that Mississippi Gov. Kirk Fordice was driving when he wrecked
 last week. / DAN LOH / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Local digest

BYLINE:  Jessica Bock (St. Louis Post-Dispatch), Special to the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 666 words


ST. LOUIS > Bill would shorten wait time for expungement for some crimes o A
proposed Missouri law would reduce the amount of time a person convicted of a
crime would have to wait before his or her record becomes eligible for
expungement.

Sen. Bob Dixon, R-Springfield, has prefiled the bill for the 2016 session. He
says it would establish a better path for people to have certain nonviolent
criminal convictions wiped from their record.

Current law requires a person to wait 20 years for a felony and 10 years for a
misdemeanor before being eligible to file a petition with a judge for
expungement. This bill would allow such a request after three years for a
misdemeanor, ordinance violation or infraction, and five years after completion
of the sentence for a felony.

The bill also would increase the number of offenses eligible for expulsion. It
would not apply to any class A or dangerous felonies, any offense that requires
registration as a sex offender or involves a death, or any felony offense of
assault, a misdemeanor or felony offense of domestic assault or a felony offense
of kidnapping. Some Missourians are being denied employment opportunities based
upon nonviolent criminal offenses that happened decades ago despite committing
no new crimes, he said.

"It's a piece of the puzzle to really restore a sense of justice for people of
all walks of life," Dixon said Tuesday at a news conference at the Old
Courthouse downtown. "This is my No. 1 priority for this session."

The bill is SB 588. The Missouri legislative session begins Jan. 6. (Jessica
Bock)

TOWN AND COUNTRY > City OKs budget with small surplus, pay hikes o Town and
Country's new $15 million budget for 2016 shows a small surplus, despite a 2.5
percent pay employee pay increase as well as two more city employees. It was
approved Monday night by the Board of Aldermen.

"Not only is sales tax revenue doing better in general, but there are new
businesses on board here collecting it as well, particularly at Manchester
Meadows," City Administrator Gary Hoelzer said.

The new employees include a civilian police administrator. The duties had been
handled by other employees in recent years when staffing levels were not as
high. There also will be a new park staff member. The total employees will be
49. Additionally, the board unanimously approved a continuation of its deer
management program for the seventh consecutive season, in the first 105 days of
the new year. The White Buffalo firm of Connecticut will get a $65,000 contract
to euthanize up to 175 deer. The city will also spend up to $13,000 to train a
few of its own employees to supplement the effort.

As occurred in November, another local resident and long-time opponent of the
program addressed the board, saying the shooting aspect is not necessary and
that public warnings and deer sterilization would be preferable. But three of
the eight aldermen spoke up to defend the current program, prior to the final
vote. (Special to the Post-Dispatch)

DES PERES > Alderman approve contract for deer survey o The Des Peres Board of
Aldermen approved a contract with White Buffalo Inc. of Moodus, Conn., to
conduct a deer survey next month for up to $3,000.

While they have not been a major problem, reports of property damage and
deer-vehicle collisions have been on the rise, said City Administrator Doug
Harms.

At a recent work session, wildlife biologist Erin Shank of the Missouri
Department of Conservation talked about methods to manage the city's deer
population, including bow hunting, sharpshooters and a managed hunt.

The survey will determine the number of deer per square mile in the city,
including the conservation areas of Phantom Forest and Bittersweet Woods. Other
cities that will participate in the survey and share costs include Town &
Country, Manchester, Sunset Hills and Ladue.

The contract with White Buffalo and for an application to MDC for a potential
deer management program got unanimous approval from the board. (Special to the
Post-Dispatch)

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

The new Broncos

BYLINE: Adam Kilgore

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D06

LENGTH: 679 words


For the entirety of his career, every offense Peyton Manning commanded revolved
around Peyton Manning. He reshuffled plays at the line of scrimmage. He taught
receivers to run routes the way he wanted them run. He redefined statistical
excellence for quarterbacks. He rarely deferred to running backs in any
meaningful way, allowing the result to rest on his smarts and his right arm.

When you think of a Peyton Manning offense, you think of prolific numbers and
passes flying all over the field, even if they wobble on their way to a
receiver's hands. But as Manning leads the Broncos into their second-round
playoff matchup with the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday, he'll lead an offense
that runs counter to the attacks he has led for more than a decade.

In the second half of the season, Manning's efficacy has waned and the Broncos
have morphed into a run-heavy offense behind bowling-ball running back C.J.
Anderson, a second-year surprise from California. The Broncos' deep roster
enabled them to secure the No. 2 seed and a 12-4 record, but they will not bring
an offense into Sunday that matches Manning's high-flying reputation.

This offseason, as Manning entered his age-38 season, the Broncos focused their
efforts on building their defense, adding hard-hitting safety T.J. Ward and pass
rusher DeMarcus Ware. Over the year, their identity slowly changed to fit their
plan. The Broncos have become a team that wears down opponents, not one that
relies on Manning to outscore them.

In the Broncos' first eight games this year, Manning threw 24 touchdown passes
against five interceptions, compiled 2,572 yards and averaged 26 completions in
39 attempts, good for a 112 quarterback rating. Manning was having another
typical Manning season.

In the second half of the season, Manning dropped in every category. He punched
up a 90.3 quarterback rating, threw just 15 touchdowns and 10 interceptions,
managed 2,155 yards and completed 23 passes in 36 attempts per game. Manning
turned into a pedestrian quarterback, more Eli than Peyton.

Manning leaned on his running game as he had never done before. Twice in the
season's final month, Manning completed only 14 passes. In 256 career starts,
Manning has notched fewer than 14 completions just 10 times, and not once since
September 2005. In six of those games, Manning exited early, either because of a
blowout or because his team had already secured playoff position late in the
season.

Meanwhile, the Broncos grew into a run-reliant operation as Anderson emerged
following injuries. In the season's first half, Denver rushed for 94.1 yards per
game. In the second half, the Broncos averaged 116.5 yards on the ground. In a
29-16 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs on Nov. 30, the Broncos rushed for 214
yards and passed for 174, just the second time in Manning's Denver tenure that
the Broncos accumulated more yards on the ground than through the air.

There's little reason to assume Denver will revert back to its first-half form
on Sunday. The Colts surrendered 4.3 yards per rush this season, 23rd in the
NFL. Despite leading most of the time, and therefore putting opponents in a
position that forced them to throw to catch up, Indianapolis yielded 116.5 yards
per game, 15th in the NFL.

The return to health of star tight end Julius Thomas could prompt Denver to
re-open its passing game, though. After Week 10, Thomas led the NFL in receiving
touchdowns; he has caught only five passes since, with no touchdowns, as he's
battled an ankle injury, sitting out three games completely. With the bye week,
Thomas should be healthier now than he has been since early November.

But if the Broncos follow the pattern they've created late in the season, they
will try to beat the Colts in a different way than Manning is accustomed.

adam.kilgore@washpost.com

Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning keeps his hands warm in a pouch while
waiting to throw the football during practice for the team's NFL divisional
playoff game against the Indianapolis Colts Wednesday, Jan. 7, 2015, in
Englewood, Colo. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 25, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

College Football '96 SPECIAL SECTION;
ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CENTER PREVIEW;
MOREHOUSE

BYLINE: Earnest Reese; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 15P

LENGTH: 463 words



Morehouse hopes to avoid injury plague

Morehouse coach Mo Hunt has taken steps to avoid a repeat of last year's
extraordinary number of injuries, which turned a season of great promise into a
limping 5-6 conclusion.

It got so bad that in the season finale against Atlanta University Center rival
Clark Atlanta, wide receiver Benjie Hood was pressed into action at quarterback,
after previous starters Marcus McCants, Marcus Glover and Lonzy Robertson had
been sidelined with injuries.

"We've gone a long way toward remedying some of those problems this year," said
Hunt, who had 11 starters, and as many as nine backups miss one or more games as
a result of an injury. "We intensified our weight and strength programs, and
we've done a better job of monitoring our players.

"Of course I've been in this business since 1965, and if you're in it that long,
you're bound to have a season like that," Hunt said.

At least the Maroon Tigers won't be caught short at quarterback this year, as
they prepare to tackle a schedule that includes I-AA opponents Bethune-Cookman
in their Aug. 31 opener on the road, and Howard University for homecoming in
mid-October.

Six quarterbacks are among the 96 players in preseason camp, including McCants,
Robertson, Glover, sophomore Bruce Randall, true freshman William Clyburn, and
sophomore Bobby Height, a transfer from Morehead State.

Robertson, a 6-2, 190-pound senior, was the stats leader at the position last
season, when he completed 49 passes for 626 yards. His receiver corps is
potentially the Maroon Tigers' strongest area on offense. Celebrated for their
foot speed, other wideouts include Duke Bradley III, Hood and Jerome Hamler.

In the backfield, where he played hurt most of the '95 season, leading rusher
and receiver Derek Vaughn returns. The 5-9, 190-pound senior last year gained
886 yards on the ground and averaged 9.2 yards on 20 catches.

Vaughn, along with senior DeAndre Royals, will have the luxury of running behind
senior Roderick Moore (6-5, 305), junior Carl Thomas (6-5, 295) of Decatur, and
all-star candidate Sidney Barthelmy (6-5, 275), a tackle who sat out last year
after two seasons as a starter when he failed to meet the school's academic
requirements.

"One thing that should really help is the fact that our kids will be more
familiar with our offense," said Hunt, who returned to Morehouse last year,
after being relieved of an 11-year stint of duty there in '89. "We've also added
more coaching help."

Hunt, who coached both quarterbacks and receivers last season, has turned the
latter responsibility over to Morehouse grad Albert Lindsey. Carlton Moore,
another alum and former player, will work with linebackers under first-year
defensive coordinator Sol Brannan.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: MOREHOUSE
 Aug. 31 Bethune-Cookman 7 p.m. Municipal Stadium, Daytona Bch., Fla.
 First meeting. Bethune-Cookman coach: Jack McClairen (69-51-3). Last
 year's record: 3-8. Returning starters: 7 offense, 8 defense.
 Sept. 7 Fort Valley State 7 p.m. Wildcats Stadium, Fort Valley
 Last meeting: 1995, Morehouse 18-12. Fort Valley coach: Doug Porter (158-
 102-5). Last year's record: 3-8. Returning starters: 8 offense, 8
 defense.
 Sept. 14 Miles College 1:30 p.m. Alumni Field, Birmingham
 Last meeting: 1995, Morehouse 19-6. Miles coach: Cecil Leonard (6-12-1).
 Last year's record: 4-6. Returning starters: 6 offense, 6 defense.
 Sept. 21 Albany State 1:30 p.m. B.T. Harvey Stadium
 Last meeting: 1995, Albany State 44-13. Albany State coach: Hamp Smith
 (126-81-6). Last year's record: 8-4. Returning starters: 6 offense, 5
 defense.
 Sept. 28 Savannah State 1:30 p.m. Memorial Stadium, Savannah
 Last meeting: 1995, Morehouse 14-9. Savannah State coach: Wendell Avery
 (7-4). Last year's record: 7-4. Returning starters: 7 offense, 9 defense.
 Oct. 5 Alabama A&M 1:30 p.m. B.T. Harvey Stadium
 Last meeting: 1995, Alabama A&M 48-14. Alabama A&M coach: Ken Pettiford
 (6-5). Last year's record: 6-5. Returning starters: 6 offense, 7 defense.
 Oct. 12 Tuskegee 7 p.m. Memorial Stadium, Columbus
 Last meeting: 1995, Morehouse 19-6. Tuskegee coach: Rick Comegy (first
 year at TU). Last year's record: 1-9. Returning starters: 8 offense, 8
 defense.
 Oct. 19 Howard 2 p.m. B.T. Harvey Stadium
 Last meeting: 1995, Howard 27-19. Howard coach: Steve Wilson (44-34).
 Last year's record: 6-5. Returning starters: 5 offense, 10 defense.
 Oct. 26 Morris Brown 1:30 p.m. B.T. Harvey Stadium
 Last meeting: 1995, Morehouse 22-19. Morris Brown coach: Joe Crosby (13-6-
 2, first year at MBC). Last year's record: 1-9. Returning starters: 4
 offense, 5 defense.
 Nov. 2 Kentucky State 1:30 p.m. Alumni Stadium, Frankfort, Ky.
 Last meeting: 1995, Kentucky State 13-6. Kentucky State coach: George
 Small (7-4). Last year's record: 7-4. Returning starters: 2 offense, 8
 defense.
 Nov. 9 Clark Atlanta 2 p.m. CAU Stadium
 Last meeting: 1995, Clark Atlanta 21-6. Clark Atlanta coach: Willie
 Hunter (25-34-1). Last year's record: 5-5. Returning starters: 3 offense,
 6 defense.
 Photo: After injuries hurt his team last year, Morehouse coach Mo Hunt
 has stepped up the Maroon Tigers' weight and strength programs./ W.A.
 BRIDGES JR. / Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 April 30, 1996, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

AROUND THE SOUTH;
REGION IN BRIEF;
Death penalty an option in trial for Jordan killing

BYLINE: Compiled by Gerrie Ferris

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 05E

LENGTH: 381 words


Larry Martin Demery (left), whose testimony helped convict lifelong friend
Daniel Andre Green in the murder of NBA star Michael Jordan's father, could face
a death sentence.

At a hearing Monday morning in Lumberton, N.C., defense attorneys asked the
death penalty not be considered, but Superior Court Judge Gregory Weeks denied
that motion. Then jury selection began. Jurors will hear testimony and decide
whether Demery, who has pleaded guilty, is sentenced to life in prison or death.


Green, 21, was sentenced to life in prison in March.
NORTH CAROLINA

NEW ABUSE CHARGES: Prosecutors broadened the case against former Edenton
day-care operator Robert F. Kelly Jr. Monday with indictments alleging eight new
sexual abuse charges in addition to 99 counts that may be retried. Kelly, who
operated the Little Rascals day-care center, was released last year from prison
after his successful appeal. The new sex offense charges involve a man who was 9
years old when the crimes allegedly occurred 10 years ago.

FLORIDA

BOMB THREAT: Despite charges of overreactions, the University of South Florida
in Tampa was shut down Monday because of a letter that threatened to bomb a
building and kill a female professor. It was signed "The One, the Leader of the
War Purgers," but no one has heard of the group claiming ties to neo-Nazis and
Palestinian terrorists. Citing the Oklahoma City bombing and the Unabomber, Vice
President Kathy Stafford said, "The history of the last year had to affect our
consideration of this as a real threat."

FLORIDA

TRIAL BEGINS: Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against John Zile as his
trial began Monday in West Palm Beach. Zile is accused of beating to death
stepdaughter Christina Holt. Zile and his wife, Pauline, claimed that Christina
disappeared from a Fort Lauderdale flea market. She was found buried behind a
discount store in Riviera Beach. Mrs. Zile, who was convicted of murder, was
sentenced to life in prison without parole last June.

ALABAMA

TOUGH TALK: Alabama inmates who cheered the departure of Ron Jones as prison
commissioner might want to reconsider. His successor, Joe Hopper, said Monday
the chain gangs started by Jones "look like Sunday school" to him.

Ahead of the class

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Only 17, Kissandra Cohen, a senior at Duke University in Durham,

 N.C., will graduate in May with two degrees. / CHUCK LIDDY / Associated
 Press
 Photo: Mug of Larry Martin Demery

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 2, 1994, Friday

Around the South REGION IN BRIEF Air Force ousted him, wants him back

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 424 words


Luther Turner thought his military career was over, but now the Air Force wants
him back - even though it allegedly intends to boot him out again.

A court-martial jury at Pope Air Force Base in North Carolina recommended that
Turner, a Georgia native who had been an Air Force pilot, be discharged from the
service after his conviction in October on charges of sodomy, visiting an
off-limits gay bar and obstruction of justice.

Turner, 31, who left active duty in January and has been operating an air
charter service in Florida, denies the charges and insists he is not gay.

Now, though, the Air Force wants him back on active duty because, Turner's
lawyer claims, it fears that a technicality could cause a reversal of his
court-martial conviction. The lawyer, Mark Waple of Fayetteville, N.C., says two
tape recordings of testimony at Turner's court-martial are missing and that
Turner is entitled to a complete record of the proceedings for his appeal.

Although Air Force officials would not discuss the case, Waple said the service
now wants to use administrative means to kick Turner out.

GETTING THEIR ATTENTION: Alabama state Rep. Alvin Holmes (D- Montgomery) says
the federal government should take over the state National Guard if more blacks
aren't promoted to higher office. Holmes said Thursday that there are no blacks
among the Guard's 14 generals and only two blacks among its 83 colonels and that
promotions typically go to friends of high-ranking officers. He said he has
asked Defense Secretary William Perry to order "ways and means of correcting
this unfair practice." A spokesman for the state Guard said the agency has a
plan to promote more blacks but that it can't happen overnight.

TRUE LIE: Police in Palm Beach, Fla., say a man borrowed a scam from the Arnold
Schwarzenegger movie "True Lies" to steal jewelry from elderly women. David Mark
Rancourt, 28, posed as a CIA agent in a jam to gain the women's confidence,
police said, and admitted using the scam across the state.

ELSEWHERE Walt Disney Co. says it may not go forward on its proposed American
history theme park in Northern Virginia if Prince William County imposes limits
on air shows and late-night fireworks. . . . South Carolina tourism officials
say they expect little impact on vacationers from marches planned over the
weekend at Hilton Head Island, S.C., by foes and fans of the Confederate battle
flag. . . . Spoleto Festival U.S.A. says this year's event in Charleston, S.C.,
ran up a $ 60,000 deficit.

Compiled by Mike Smith

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942460185

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                          September 21, 2011 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

LIONS OFFENSE HAS A NUMBER OF PROBLEMS

BYLINE: Ron Musselman, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; PENN STATE; Pg. D-5

LENGTH: 604 words


UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. -- Penn State's offense is one of the worst in the country,
and the ugly numbers prove it.

The Nittany Lions rank 115th in passing efficiency among 120 Division I-A teams,
106th in passing offense, 103rd in total offense, 90th in scoring offense and
66th in rushing offense.

Penn State is one of only three teams that have not thrown a touchdown pass in
the first three games, joining Central Florida and San Jose State.

"I think we're struggling," coach Joe Paterno said Tuesday at his weekly news
conference. "We have to get better, but we're probably not as bad as most people
think."

Paterno, calling it a "seat of the pants" situation, plans to stick with a
two-quarterback rotation in the non-conference game Saturday against Eastern
Michigan at Beaver Stadium.

Sophomore Rob Bolden, who engineered the first winning drive of his career in
the 14-10 win against Temple, has started the first three games, but redshirt
junior Matt McGloin also has played a lot. The two have combined to complete
just 47.9 percent of their passes (46 of 96) for 474 yards. Bolden also has two
interceptions.

"I don't know what I'm waiting for," Paterno said. "I think both those kids are
so close and both those kids deserve to play. One of these days I would like to
be able to say, 'Hey, we are going to play one quarterback.' But I want to be
fair to the team. If I felt that the team was much more comfortable with one
than the other, then that obviously would be a factor, but that's not the way it
is."

Penn State's offense is converting 80 percent of its opportunities in the red
zone, with eight touchdowns in 10 trips. But the Lions are averaging only 158
yards passing per game and 148 yards rushing.

"The offense is definitely not where we need it to be," said redshirt junior
fullback Michael Zordich, who began his career as a linebacker. "We expected
more through all the preseason and offseason work that we've done.

"We're disappointed right now just because we haven't been performing like we
want and the way that we can.

"We're doing everything we can right now to work to get back to putting up the
numbers that we used to put up and being an offense the defense can count on."

Penn State also has major issues with its kicking game.

Redshirt junior Evan Lewis is 1 of 5 on field-goal tries, including 0 of 2 from
30-39 yards. Freshman Sam Ficken is 0 of 1. He had a 49-yard try blocked against
the Owls.

Redshirt sophomore punter/kickoff specialist Anthony Fera is averaging 44.6
yards on eight punts since returning against Alabama from a suspension tied to a
second alcohol-related offense.

Fera could eventually take on the additional duties of kicking field goals. The
most recent Penn State player to punt and kick in the same season was Chris Bahr
in 1975.

"Fera did not practice with us in preseason in some places because of some
off-the-field antics," Paterno said. "So he's now getting back in the groove.
Hopefully, he'll start to put some of that stuff behind him and he'll be better
[and] more productive than he's been. And maybe he can beat out the kid that's
ahead of him right now."

*

NOTES -- Paterno said tailback Stephfon Green (off-field issues) will not play
the next two weeks, but Paterno said he may play later this season. ... Paterno
didn't offer much of an update on the future playing status of wide receiver
Curtis Drake (leg), who did not travel to Temple. "There's some things there
that still have to be resolved for me to know for sure," Paterno said.

Next

* Game: Penn State (2-1) vs. Eastern Michigan (2-1), Beaver Stadium, University
Park, Pa.

* When: Noon, Saturday.

* TV: ESPN2.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ron Musselman: rmusselman@post-gazette.com and Twitter @rmusselmanppg./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Assault on Public Transportation
Employees

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 In the near future, we plan to re-introduce legislation, formerly S.B. 269 of
2015-2016, which would provide heightened penalties for offenses committed
against public transportation employees. The intent of this legislation is to
reduce and eliminate future assaults against such employees.





 Under current law, a protected class of public servants has been created under
section 2702 (c) of Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses). This class, which does not
include public transportation employees, receives protection from additional
offenses of aggravated assault while performing assigned job duties. Additional
offenses against the employees listed in section 2702 (c) include attempting to
cause or intentionally or knowingly causing bodily injury, attempting by
physical menace to put in fear of imminent serious bodily injury and using tear
gas or electronic incapacitation devices. When committed against the protected
class of employees, these additional offenses are considered second degree
felony offenses; however, when committed against transportation employees, they
are graded as first or second degree misdemeanors.



 Unfortunately, at this time, public transportation workers are only protected
from an offense of aggravated assault if a person attempts to cause or
intentionally, knowingly or recklessly cause serious bodily injury--a first
degree felony offense. No second degree felony offenses of aggravated assault
against public transportation employees exist.



 Our legislation would include public transportation employees in the protected
class of employees found under section 2702 (c) of Title 18. This would provide
for additional offenses of aggravated assault against public transportation
employees to ensure they receive protection equal to that of other public
servants under the law.



 The number of assaults against public transportation employees continues to
grow each year. We cannot allow the lives of more workers and passengers to be
endangered without providing adequate protections and repercussions for
committing such offenses. Now is the time to take action.



 Please join us in supporting and protecting all public transportation employees
throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.



 This legislation was co-sponsored previously by Senators Greenleaf, Brewster,
Costa, Hughes, and Rafferty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Assault on Public Transportation
Employees

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 In the near future, we plan to re-introduce legislation, formerly S.B. 269 of
2015-2016, which would provide heightened penalties for offenses committed
against public transportation employees. The intent of this legislation is to
reduce and eliminate future assaults against such employees.





 Under current law, a protected class of public servants has been created under
section 2702 (c) of Title 18 (Crimes and Offenses). This class, which does not
include public transportation employees, receives protection from additional
offenses of aggravated assault while performing assigned job duties. Additional
offenses against the employees listed in section 2702 (c) include attempting to
cause or intentionally or knowingly causing bodily injury, attempting by
physical menace to put in fear of imminent serious bodily injury and using tear
gas or electronic incapacitation devices. When committed against the protected
class of employees, these additional offenses are considered second degree
felony offenses; however, when committed against transportation employees, they
are graded as first or second degree misdemeanors.



 Unfortunately, at this time, public transportation workers are only protected
from an offense of aggravated assault if a person attempts to cause or
intentionally, knowingly or recklessly cause serious bodily injury--a first
degree felony offense. No second degree felony offenses of aggravated assault
against public transportation employees exist.



 Our legislation would include public transportation employees in the protected
class of employees found under section 2702 (c) of Title 18. This would provide
for additional offenses of aggravated assault against public transportation
employees to ensure they receive protection equal to that of other public
servants under the law.



 The number of assaults against public transportation employees continues to
grow each year. We cannot allow the lives of more workers and passengers to be
endangered without providing adequate protections and repercussions for
committing such offenses. Now is the time to take action.



 Please join us in supporting and protecting all public transportation employees
throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.



 This legislation was co-sponsored previously by Senators Greenleaf, Brewster,
Costa, Hughes, and Rafferty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 26, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Defensive changes narrow gap on high-octane offenses

BYLINE: Paul Myerberg, @paulmyerberg, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 950 words


By the numbers, 2006 was the strangest defensive season in college football
history.

Offenses averaged 3.07 touchdowns per game, the lowest Football Bowl
Subdivision-wide since 1992. Teams gained 346.9 yards per game, the lowest
average since 1984. It was a year in which defenses across the country dominated
at a rate not seen before or since, relative to the era.

So for a few months, at least, defense did, indeed, win championships --
fulfilling the long-held yet flimsy adage preached by uninventive coaches and
pundits alike.

In hindsight, that 2006 season was an aberration. Offenses had dominated during
the previous half-decade; offenses would dominate the sport even more during the
decade that followed.

For years, spread-based and no-huddle offenses have dictated the tempo of games,
the flow of action and, far more often than not, the final result. The
Southeastern Conference was hesitant to fully embrace the movement, but even
that changed: Alabama, among others, embraced a quicker style, needing a more
potent offensive attack to maintain its perch atop the sport.

"I still think the spread is a difficult offense," Alabama coach Nick Saban
said. "But I think the rules of college football favor the offense, favor the
no-huddle."

Yet as teams prepare for September, defenses across college football have taken
steps toward closing the gap.

Repetition, increased familiarity, tweaked personnel packages and increased
communication have helped to turn back time -- offenses still rule, but more so
than at any point in the last decade, defenses can hold their heads high.

"Defense has adjusted," Notre Dame coach Brian Kelly said. "Defense has caught
up to the lightning no-huddle, the fast-break no-huddle."

Adjusted, but with a caveat: Defensive numbers will never return to 2006-like
levels, let alone those of earlier generations, as more and more teams stress
total possessions as their most vital offensive statistic.

"Because we have more snaps, in essence there's more game," Miami (Fla.)
defensive coordinator Manny Diaz said. "It's as if baseball went to an 11-inning
game and we're shocked that everyone's production went up."

Potent offenses abound

For defenses in this era, it's not about winning the war; the opposition is
always going to score points, often in bunches, and rare is the defense that can
single-handedly carry a team to a successful season. It's about winning
individual battles -- on third down, for example, or in the red zone.

And no development has played a greater factor in a subtle defensive revival
than the proliferation of spread offenses themselves. Ten years ago, a defense
might face one or two early adopters of the style during the course of a season.
Now, teams will face an up-tempo opponent more often than not and -- in many
cases -- spend an entire year defending the system during practice.

"The more teams that do that, the more defense is going to study it. The more
defense studies it, the more variety of schemes you get," Arizona coach Rich
Rodriguez said.

"What we see now (and) how teams are defending us now are much different than
what they were defending 15, 20 years ago just because they see it all the
time."

Yet defenses had been seeing the up-tempo style for years -- and had done little
to stem the uptick in offensive production. It's only in the recent past that
head coaches and coordinators have found two ways to take advantage of their
growing understanding: one, with an increased level of in-game communication;
two, by mirroring offensive shifts with a more tailored approach to defensive
personnel.

In the beginning, one of the big advantages tempo-based offenses held was in
their ability to simply move quicker than the opposition; defenses couldn't
maintain the pace, with the effect snowballing over the course of a drive, let
alone a game.

"The big thing was their inability to have a defensive structure to handle that
fast pace," Kelly said.

Now, defenses have found an ability -- thanks in large part to repetition and an
increased comfort level -- to "communicate effectively their calls," he said.

This has allowed defenses to use their personnel to match wits with a
quick-twitch offense. Several coaches interviewed equated their defensive
approach with line changes in hockey: If the opposition sends out three wide
receivers, defenses will quickly adapt with multiple defensive backs of their
own, for example.

'Flipping the other way'

This has also led some programs to alter recruiting. In the past, Rodriguez
would split his team's 85 scholarships evenly between offense and defense.

"It's been flipping the other way," he said, noting that Arizona might have as
many as 50 scholarships devoted to defense, compared with 30 on offense.

"It's become a little bit of a chess match."

In a sense, however, the fact that defenses have found ways to combat this
generation's offensive explosive shouldn't be surprising: In college football as
in life, one trend replaces another, so the return of defensive competitiveness
might be inevitable.

"The game of football has never been the same for a long period of time,"
Brigham Young coach Kalani Sitake said. "It's rotated quite a bit."

Offenses still rule, with the final game of last season as evidence: Alabama 45,
Clemson 40. Yet as teams find ways to combat what once seemed the unstoppable,
it's possible to envision an era in which defenses, not offenses, are again
college football's defining force.

"There'll be a point in time where the defense is catching up and there will be
some new scheme or technique that people are using defensively," California
coach Sonny Dykes said. "It's all cyclical. Football's cyclical."

Contributing: Daniel Uthman, George Schroeder

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Louks well-positioned to crack Als' lineup; Wide receiver has played offence,
defence - and offence again

BYLINE: HERB ZURKOWSKY, The Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 874 words

DATELINE: LENNOXVILLE


The journey, it seems, has taken Corbin Louks from one end of the United States
to another. He has played offence, defence and offence again - all in an attempt
to become a professional football player.

He's either hard-headed or stubborn. And probably a little of both. "It has been
quite the rollercoaster since college, but I love this game. I love football.
I've been blessed with a gift to use, and I'm going to continue pursuing it
until this door closes," Louks, a rookie wide receiver attempting to crack the
Alouettes, said after the team conducted one more trainingcamp workout Monday
morning at Bishop's University.

"It's very easy to be discouraged. I have something in my heart that tells me to
keep going," added the personable 27-year-old native of Danville, Calif. "I've
done well when given the opportunity. I'm going to keep pursuing it as long as
the opportunity's given to me."

Although only six feet and 200 pounds, Louks was a dual-threat quarterback at
Utah, mostly seeing spot duty. He played as a true freshman in 2007, but only
attempted eight passes in 10 games. The following year, in nine games, he passed
seven times.

But he also had 60 total carries, generating 380 yards - not surprising
considering his blazing speed; Louks has run the 40 in 4.42 seconds.

He wanted to remain at quarterback. The coaches wanted to convert him into a
safety. So Louks transferred to Nevada, where Colin Kaepernick was the starter.
Louks was told Kaepernick might enter the NFL draft early and, if he did, the
starting job was his. Kaepernick, now with San Francisco, stayed. But Louks
figured the coaches had been honest with him, so he agreed to a position change.

He won the starting free-safety job as a junior - only to suffer a strained
medial collateral ligament his first game. After he recovered, he was used on
special teams. The following year, the coaches decided on another move - to
receiver, a position for which the team had little depth.

"I feel like I've found a home at that position," he said. "I love having the
ball in my hand. It has worked out, absolutely."

Louks spent six weeks on Seattle's practice roster in 2012, but suffered a
sports hernia. Still, it provided him with some fresh film. Kansas City noticed,
the Chiefs putting him on their practice squad for two weeks in 2014. Louks even
played for the Boston Brawlers of the Fall Experimental Football League that
season.

He played six games, receiving $900 per match. He actually was compensated for
four of them - management still owes him two cheques. Louks doesn't believe the
cheques are in the mail.

"That really was a test to see if I truly wanted to keep going with football,"
he said.

"You have to love it to do the nitty-gritty."

But it still led to another opportunity: Louks signing with Denver last August.
And from the Broncos, he came to the Als. In between football gigs, his parents
allowed him to move back into the family home and, to pay the bills, Louks
worked as a trainer at a gym.

Through the first nine days of camp, Louks has impressed with his speed and
pass-catching ability. Following Saturday's scrimmage, general manager and head
coach Jim Popp intimated Louks has too much natural talent to be cast aside.

"Odds are, if he keeps on the path he's going, we'll want to keep him around in
some capacity," said Popp, obviously contemplating finding room for the player
on Montreal's practice squad.

"It's a hard lineup to break into at receiver, but he's a guy that we like a
lot."

Any athlete who can play multiple positions obviously is a student of the game
and intelligent. "Not everybody can make the transition," Popp said Monday.

Although Louks has made it this far, he'll be expected to pass the next stage
Wednesday night, when the Als launch their exhibition schedule at Winnipeg.
Canadian Football League teams play only two pre-season games. It behooves the
rookies to impress early, since they might not get another chance.

But Louks has been consistent throughout camp while displaying playmaking
ability on a team that has struggled to score touchdowns. He vowed to approach
the Blue Bombers game like any other.

"You get to play the game of football, that's a blessing in itself," he said.
"I'll go out there, have fun and try to make some plays.

"The game could determine my future," Louks admitted.

"But I feel the coaches and front office are going to weigh the entire camp and
the games. I don't think one game can make or break you."

And even if he's broken, Louks vowed to return after some repairs. "I'm 27. They
say that's old down south, but I feel great. I can still run by people. I'm
going to give it a go as long as the door's still open."

Popp and his coaching staffstill hadn't determined which players will accompany
the team to Winnipeg on Tuesday's flight following Monday's practice. But
starting tailback Tyrell Sutton definitely won't be there after suffering an
ankle injury on Sunday.

The injury isn't considered serious, Popp said.

Meanwhile, former Als defensive-back Jerald Brown, who retired last week while
attending Toronto's camp, has resurfaced with the Argonauts - as a guest coach.
hzurkowsky@postmedia.com twitter.com/HerbZurkowsky1 !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DARIO AYALA; Through the first nine days of camp, Corbin Louks has
impressed with his speed and pass-catching ability. He was a dual-threat
quarterback at Utah.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Montreal Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 17, 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Oregon's calling card will remain offense, offense, offense

BYLINE: John Henderson The Denver Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-08

LENGTH: 349 words


EUGENE, ORE. - At the same time NCAA investigators are chasing down evidence
against the Ducks, Pac-12 defenses will be trying to chase down the most
explosive offense in the conference. Last season, Oregon turned scoreboards into
pinball machines and defenders into bowling pins.

And most of its key offensive starters are back.

Oregon is expected to start the season ranked in the top five. Its opener
against possible preseason No. 1 Louisiana State and its Nov. 12 showdown at
Stanford, another possible top-five pick, are already circled as two of the
biggest games in college football this fall.

Maybe by then, the Tigers and Cardinal can catch up to an offense that produced
numbers out of comic books: On its way to a national runner-up finish, 36 of
Oregon's 73 TD drives took five or fewer plays. They averaged running three
plays a minute.

Oregon lost the time of possession battle by an average of 32:05-27:55 per game,
yet ran 1,024 plays to its opponents' 963.

More remarkable is that defenses don't know what to stop first. Of its
nation-leading average of 530.7 yards of total offense, 286.2 came on the ground
and 244.5 through the air.

Back is quarterback Darron Thomas and tailback LaMichael James, a Heisman Trophy
finalist. Except for a slight case of typecasting, Thomas could have been on the
opposite sideline with LSU on Sept. 3.

Coach Les Miles brought in Thomas, who had just recently gained enough
confidence at Aldine High in Houston to play quarterback in college and
committed to LSU. But Thomas, an African-American, also was the fastest guy on
the field.

Miles kept calling him "an athlete" during the recruiting visit. Oregon coach
Chip Kelly called him his quarterback. Kelly got his quarterback.

"I was taking that leadership," Thomas said. "You being that guy, getting the
ball every play."

Oregon needs to find some new receivers and offensive linemen, and the
indefinite suspension of All-America cornerback and punt returner Cliff Harris
will hurt. Unless the NCAA stops the Ducks, however, this is a team that could
earn another berth in the BCS championship game.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           September 2, 2004 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Bruins hope offense provides a spark

BYLINE: Mike Baldwin, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 392 words


UCLA is the only school to produce five Super Bowl quarterbacks.

Imagine what Troy Aikman, Billy Kilmer and Jay Schroeder thought of the Bruins'
anemic attack last season. The Bruins ranked 110th nationally, numbers more akin
to an Ivy League school than what was supposed to be a diversified Pac 10
attack.

Second-year coach Karl Dorrell responded by firing his offensive coordinator and
replaced him with former Idaho coach Tom Cable. Dorrell envisions this year's
UCLA attack as a college version of the Denver Broncos' West Coast offense.

"The coaches have tweaked the offense and made it a lot easier," quarterback
Drew Olson said. "Having Coach Cable and Coach Dorrell on the same page will
really help. Coach Cable is very passionate about this offense. I don't know if
our coach last year was as passionate."

How much the offense improves could determine whether the Bruins improve on a
6-7 record and disprove skeptics who picked them eighth in the Pac 10.

"We've taken a lot of heat since last year, especially offensively," wide
receiver Craig Bragg said. "Coach Cable has a past with coach Dorrell (at
Colorado). It's brought a lot of stability. The coaches see eye to eye and we've
been in this offense a full year now. That experience will pay dividends."

Last year the Bruins failed to score more than 14 points in six games. UCLA
started 6-2 and lost its last five, capped by an ugly 17-9 loss to Fresno State
in the Silicon Valley Bowl.

"It was very humbling and embarrassing," Olson said. "We didn't want to be in
that low a bowl to begin with and then to play like that. We have higher
standards here. It motivated us in the off season. Everyone learned a lesson."

UCLA returns eight offensive starters. Olson has 14 career starts but has thrown
as many interceptions (13) as touchdowns. Bragg recorded 73 receptions. Running
backs Maurice Drew and Manuel White form a solid 1-2 tandem. A veteran offensive
line has six players who have started games, including four full-time returning
starters.

Dorrell said UCLA had its best off season conditioning program in years.

"We all got up at 6 a.m. every day and worked out together," Bragg said. "We
wanted to build team camaraderie. You can see a big difference. We definitely
don't feel we're the eighth best team (in the Pac 10). Last year we learned it's
not where you start it's how you finish. All our hard work will show."


LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            February 2, 2014 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

ONE ON ONE;
FOR ONLY THE FIFTH TIME, THE NFL'S NO. 1 SCORING OFFENSE MEETS THE NO. 1 SCORING
DEFENSE FOR THE RIGHT TO RAISE THE LOMBARDI TROPHY. LET THE RECORD SHOW THAT
HISTORY HAS NOT BEEN KIND TO THE OFFENSE, PEYTON MANNING OR NO PEYTON MANNING.

BYLINE: Ed Bouchette, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 953 words


NEW YORK -- Seattle's defense might have the best nickname since Blitzburgh, or
even the Steel Curtain.

The Legion of Boom celebrates both the NFL's top-ranked defense and how it plays
the game, lowering the boom on offenses.

But nicknames do not win Super Bowls, as that Blitzburgh defense of the
mid-1990s discovered, and today's 48th playing of the NFL's big game will test
the bromide that offense sells tickets, defense wins championships.

Do they still?

Super Bowl XLVIII could be the perfect laboratory to study the equation because
Seattle's opponent, the Denver Broncos, sports the NFL's top-ranked offense and
Peyton Manning. It will be No. 1 vs. No. 1, shake hands and come out fighting.

"They're No. 1 for a reason -- there's not many weaknesses,'' Denver halfback
Knowshon Moreno said of Seattle's defense. "They play too good. They fly around
to the ball. They make good tackles. They get turnovers. They're No. 1.''

Said Seattle defensive end Cliff Avril, "I feel like we don't care who we are
facing ... It doesn't matter which quarterback is throwing the ball.''

The NFL has passed rules to help its offenses for at least the past 35 years,
starting famously in 1978 when it allowed for less bumping of receivers and more
holding by offensive linemen. The offense-friendly rules kept coming, more
recently under the guise of player safety that has outlawed many of the types of
hits some of the great defenses in the past laid on players.

While points and yards have increased steadily during the regular seasons --
Denver set a record by scoring 606 points in 2013 -- the outcomes of Super Bowls
have not. Fifteen times the NFL's top-scoring defenses have played in these
games and they are 12-3. The top-scoring offenses managed only a 10-11 record in
Super Bowls.

It occurred only four previous times when the No. 1 scoring offense faced the
No. 1 scoring defense in Super Bowls, all since the 1978 season when the
Steelers' top-ranked defense defeated Dallas for their third Super Bowl win. The
three No. 1 defenses prevailed in those four games, only San Francisco's offense
winning Super Bowl XXIV.

While it was not No. 1 vs. No. 1, the Steelers' most recent Lombardi-winning
effort featured the NFL's top defense that hung on to beat Arizona in Super Bowl
XLIII with the help of James Harrison's 100-yard interception return, the
longest touchdown in the game's history.

"Honestly, I don't think you can shut the offense down, but you've got to be
able to slow it down,'' said linebacker Bruce Irvin, Seattle's first-round draft
choice in 2012 from West Virginia. "We just have to try to get after Peyton as
much as we can because he doesn't like to get hit."

How many quarterbacks do? But Seattle, the second-youngest team (26.5 years old
on average) ever to play in a Super Bowl, believes it has a plan to stop Manning
from winning his second NFL championship.

"I know how Peyton Manning is from watching him on film,'' said Seahawks
defensive tackle Tony McDaniel.

"He is going to try to read our defense, get us to hurry up and rush us so we
can't get rotation on and off the field.

"He has happy feet when he is making a read. If he doesn't see those guys open,
he will get anxious and throw the ball."

There is no lack of confidence in that Seattle defense.

"We are just going to go with our average game plan,'' McDaniel said.

"We feel like we are physical and can handle the guys up front.''

Another antithesis to the modern game is at work; teams that run the ball are
not supposed to have the kind of success of teams who throw it well. Seattle,
with the enigmatic Marshawn Lynch gaining 1,257 yards, had the fourth-best
running team in the NFL and ranked 26th passing.

Besides the fact the Broncos had the No. 1 passing game and Manning set an NFL
record with 55 touchdown passes, Moreno was the fourth-leading rusher in the AFC
and the Broncos have rushed for 240 yards in their two playoff games.

"If you look at what the Broncos did throughout the playoffs, they ran the
ball,'' McDaniel said.

"There is a lot of talk around their passing game because of Peyton Manning
himself. To be a good, dominant offense, you are going to have to run the ball.
I am definitely prepared to stop the run.''

Unlike the Steelers, who famously try to disguise what they are doing and play
such a complicated scheme that rookies rarely crack it, Seattle's is rather
simple, which may be why so many youngsters can play in it.

That won't change today, said outspoken cornerback Richard Sherman.

"We don't vary or disguise coverage for anybody. We play a pretty simple
defense. For the most part, you know what we're going to do every play, and
you've got to line up and play it."

It works. Seattle led the NFL with 39 takeaways or forced turnovers in 2013 --
28 interceptions and 11 fumble recoveries. By comparison, the Steelers had
barely half that total, 20, tied for fifth from the bottom of the league.

"The Legion of Boom is a legacy!" Sherman proclaimed. "It's a group, it's a
legion, it's a vast army of individuals and we have countless bodies behind us
that are more than capable of doing the job.''

That final lab test comes today.

SUPER BOWL SUNDAY 2014

DENVER BRONCOS VS. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS

6:30 P.M.

EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.

TV: WPGH

ADVANTAGE: DEFENSE

Super Bowl outcomes the previous four times the No. 1 scoring offense faced the
No. 1 scoring defense (points per game):

SEASON........NO. 1 OFFENSE..........NO. 1 DEFENSE..........FINAL

1978..........Cowboys (24.0).........Steelers (12.2)........Steelers, 35-31

1984..........Dolphins (32.1)........49ers (14.2)...........49ers, 38-16

1989..........49ers (27.6)...........Broncos (14.1).........49ers, 55-10

1990..........Bills (26.8)...........Giants (13.2).........Giants, 20-19

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SUPER BOWL SUNDAY 2014

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: PICTURED: Peyton Manning, above (Jack Dempsey/Associated Press)
(Cutline in the Five Star Edition) , and Richard Sherman. (Photo, Five Star
Edition)\
\ PHOTO: Christian Petersen/Getty Images Even when Peyton Manning isn't
someplace at this Super Bowl, it seems like he is. Fan Zack Poitras of Portland,
Ore., carries a Manning cutout through Times Square Friday en route to visiting
Super Bowl Boulevard. \
\ PHOTO: Jeff Roberson/Associated Press West Virginia's Bruce Irvin has 10 sacks
in his two seasons with Seattle since being drafted in the first round in 2012.\

\ CHART: ADVANTAGE: DEFENSE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             October 5, 2007 Friday

TODAY'S TOP 25 TV GAMES

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 619 words


No. 5 Wisconsin at Illinois

Time, TV: 11 a.m., ESPN

Records: Wisconsin 5-0, Illinois 4-1

Line: Illinois by 2½

Briefly: Wisconsin has won four consecutive against Illinois. ... Bret Bielema's
17-1 record is the second-best coaching start in Big Ten Conference history
(Fielding Yost, Michigan 55-0-1). ... Illinois is sixth in the nation in rushing
yards a game (255.6) and yards a carry (5.6).

Kansas at No. 24 Kansas State

Time, TV: 11 a.m., Fox Sports Net North

Records: Kansas 4-0, Kansas State 3-1

Line: Kansas State by 3½

Briefly: Kansas is 0-7 all time against Kansas State when the Wildcats are
ranked. ... Kansas is third in the nation in total offense (552.8 yards a game).
... The Wildcats are first in the nation in punt returns (27.2 yards a return).

No. 12 Georgia at Tennessee

Time, TV: 2:30 p.m., WCCO Ch. 4

Records: Georgia 4-1, Tennessee 2-2

Line: Georgia by 1

Briefly: Georgia is fourth in the SEC in rushing defense (119 yards a game) and
third in total defense (303.2 yards). ... Tennessee leads the SEC in passing
offense (285.8) but are last in the SEC in passing defense (135.53).

No. 18 Arizona State at Washington State

Time, TV: 3 p.m., Fox Sports Net North

Records: Arizona State 5-0, Washington State 2-3

Line: Arizona State by 9

Briefly: Arizona State is third in the Pacific 10 in passing offense (275.4
yards a game) and ranks sixth in the nation in scoring defense (13 points a
game) and in passing defense (84.97). ... Washington State is second in the
Pac-10 in passing offense (295.4 yards a game) and last in total defense (457.2
yards a game).

No. 15 Virginia Tech at No. 22 Clemson

Time, TV: 5 p.m., ESPN

Records: Virginia Tech 4-1, Clemson 4-1

Line: Clemson by 5½

Briefly: In Virginia Tech's last trip to Clemson, the Hokies shut out the Tigers
37-0 in 1998. ... Clemson is second in the ACC in passing offense (251.6 yards a
game) and in total offense (401.6 a game).

Stanford at No. 2 Southern Cal

Time, TV: 6 p.m., Versus

Records: Stanford 1-3, USC 4-0

Line: Southern Cal by 41

Briefly: Stanford is fourth in the Pac-10 in passing offense (268.8 yards a
game) but is second to last in the Pac-10 in total offense (385.3), last in
rushing defense (191.5), last in passing defense (159.18) and second to last in
total defense (454). ... USC has won 35 consecutive home games.

No. 4 Ohio State at No. 23 Purdue

Time, TV: 7 p.m., KSTP Ch. 5

Records: Ohio State 5-0, Purdue 5-0

Line: Ohio State by 7

Briefly: Ohio State is second in the nation in total defense (197.6 yards a
game). ... Buckeyes QB Todd Boeckman leads the Big Ten in passing efficiency
(165.27). ... Ohio State has won 23 consecutive games. ... Purdue leads the Big
Ten in passing offense (309.8 yards a game) and total offense (495.8).

No. 9 Florida at No. 1 Louisiana State

Time, TV: 7 p.m., WCCO Ch. 4

Records: Florida 4-1, LSU 5-0

Line: LSU by 7

Briefly: Florida's Tim Tebow is third in the nation in passer rating (185.4) and
has a 69.7 completion percentage, which ranks eighth in the nation and first in
the SEC. ... The Tigers are number one in the nation in total defense (174.6
yards a game), rushing defense (39 yards a game) and pass efficiency defense
(67.76).

No. 20 Cincinnati at No. 21 Rutgers

Time, TV: 7 p.m., ESPN2

Records: Cincinnati 5-0, Rutgers 3-1

Line: Rutgers by 4

Briefly: Cincinnati has an eight-game winning streak, the third-longest streak
in the nation. ... Rutgers is 16 for 16 in red-zone scoring this season,
including 11 touchdowns.

No. 25 Nebraska at No. 17 Missouri

Time, TV: 8:15 p.m., ESPN

Records: Nebraska 4-1, Missouri 4-0

Line: Missouri by 6

Briefly: For the first time since 1998, Nebraska and Missouri meet as ranked
teams. In the previous top 25 contest between the two, No. 7 Nebraska beat No.
19 Missouri in Lincoln.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Let Leach run the offense at OSU

BYLINE: Berry Tramel

SECTION: SPORTS; Berry Tramel; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 771 words


Mike Gundy might soon need an offensive coordinator.

Someone who knows the Dana Holgorsen offense. Someone who can keep Brandon
Weeden and Justin Blackmon excited enough to not test NFL draft waters. Someone
with the offensive acumen to make 2011 the special Oklahoma State season it has
every chance of being.

Mike Leach needs a job.

A fresh start that gets him out of the courtroom and back onto the gridiron. A
chance to show college football that while cycling around Key West, he learned
his lesson and can get along with superiors. A chance to remind decision-makers
just what a difference-maker he is.

Are you thinking what I'm thinking?

Leach to Stillwater. I'll even waive the finder's fee.

Holgorsen, mastermind of the offensive overhaul that produced a 10-2 season and
the No. 14 national ranking, appears headed for West Virginia.

With him would go most of the institutional knowledge of the offense that was
handed down from Hal Mumme to Leach to Holgorsen.

Is Gundy or one of his other lieutenants ready to maintain the Dana-mite offense
? Nothing Gundy said during the season indicated such. Gundy for several years
talked about Leach's offense, how few coaches really understood it or could
commit to it. Gundy seemed to believe the same thing about Holgorsen's spread.

So why not offer Leach a haven? Why not make Stillwater a place of redemption,
where Leach can restore his reputation damaged last year at Texas Tech?

"I'm willing to talk to anybody," Leach said Tuesday from Key West, Fla. "Just
have to see where it goes. Haven't thought about it a lot.

"You never know. They had a great season this year, and they'll have a great
season next."

OSU athletic director Mike Holder said Tuesday he would trust Gundy to hire
whoever he wanted.

Sure, it wouldn't be a seamless transition.

Holgorsen's offense, refined at Houston U., veered off a little from Leach's.
More run game. Narrower offensive splits.

Gundy and Leach would have to talk about that. Gundy likes to run the ball.

Not seamless. But smooth. Despite their differences, the Leach/Holgorsen
offenses remain similar.

Leach's lack of a run game is overstated. His last two seasons at Tech, the Red
Raiders averaged 19.8 and 21.2 run plays per game. That's a far cry from OSU's
33.3 runs per game this season, but it's a significant increase from Leach's
earlier days in Lubbock.

Leach is no idiot. Eccentric, but no idiot. He knows OSU is Tailback U. Knows
the Cowboys have a ground-game culture, even in 2010. Leach likes his offense,
but he likes the end zone more.

Strategy could be worked out. But what about attitude?

Leach was fired from Tech because he had little interest in getting along with
his bosses. The Adam James-in-a-shed scandal was subterfuge for the Tech brass,
which was looking for any way to fire Leach without having to pay up.

Prediction: Leach will win his lawsuit against Tech. But winning over
prospective employers will be more difficult.

Which is where OSU comes in. Come to Stillwater, show subordination to Gundy
(and Holder, and Burns Hargis, and Boone Pickens), and Leach will be seen in a
new light. Humble. Contrite. Willing to change. Willing to get along, with
bosses and players alike.

And Gundy's the perfect man for the job. Secure enough in his own skin to hire a
guy who four months ago some misguided souls wanted to bring in as head coach.

Gundy twice has handed over complete control to a new offensive coordinator
(Larry Fedora, Holgorsen), to the point that Gundy turned student and sought to
learn the offense like a novice.

What a bold move hiring Leach would be. It's understood that Leach would be a
short-term solution; hard to imagine him lasting more than one year. If the OSU
offense again piled up 500 yards and 45 points a game - and why wouldn't it? -
Leach would be plucked away for a plum job.

By then, perhaps Gundy would have in place an anointed assistant ready to take
over the Leach/Holgorsen offense.

And think of the excitement Leach would bring. With players, with fans, with
media. Even with merchants, who would be assured of no Thursday night home
games, since not even ESPN would bring Craig James (Adam's dad) to town for that
throwdown.

If Weeden and Blackmon return to OSU, the Cowboys will be loaded for 2011. Put
Leach into that mix, and watch Big 12 defensive coordinators go screaming into
the night.

Berry Tramel: Berry can be reached at (405) 760-8080 or at  btramel@opubco.com
He can be heard Monday through Friday from 4:40-5:20 p.m. on The Sports Animal
radio network, including AM-640 and FM-98.1. You can also view his personality
page at newsok.com/berrytramel.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COMMENTARY

GRAPHIC: Photos 1 and 2: According to reports, OSU offensive coordinator Dana
Holgorsen, above, is headed to West Virginia. If that happens, Berry Tramel
thinks he has the perfect replacement for the Cowboys - Mike Leach. - PHOTOS BY
NATE BILLINGS AND STEVE SISNEY, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 3 (Page 1A): (Mike Leach)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 18, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Coach: Packers offense has identity of its own

BYLINE: Larry Weisman

SECTION: SPORTS; AROUND THE NFL; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 594 words


Mike Holmgren's gentle nature prevents him from strangling every half-wit
(present company included) who asks him about the so-called 49ers offense.

How well we all know that scheme of three- and five-step drops by the
quarterback and short, snappy passes to receivers running quick slants. How well
we've seen it run in San Francisco. How prevalent it has become.

Green Bay uses it. Kansas City's putting it in. Chicago's borrowing the passing
game. And of course, San Francisco can't be left out of the mix.

So what's Holmgren's objection? He maintains the only team really running the
49ers' offense is the 49ers.

"Pretty soon you have to stop talking about the San Francisco 49ers and start
talking about the Green Bay Packers or the Kansas City Chiefs," says Holmgren,
in his second year as the Packers coach after six years with the 49ers.

"If I were to show you our playbook and the San Francisco playbook from 1986
when I got there, you'd see some things that are similar, but a great deal of it
is different."

What's similar? The philosophy of putting the ball in the air often but over
short distances. The joke is that pass plays are merely "extended handoffs."

Holmgren, Chiefs offensive coordinator Paul Hackett and Bears offensive
coordinator Ron Turner all trained under the master (or a pupil of the master) -
Bill Walsh. This was his baby.

Hackett worked with quarterbacks and receivers for the 'Niners from 1983-85.
Holmgren followed him, from 1986-91. Turner coached under Dennis Green at
Stanford (and previously at Northwestern). While Green doesn't run the so-called
49ers offense, he worked with Walsh as an assistant at Stanford (1977-78) and
again in San Francisco (1986-88).

"The 49ers run what they run; we run what we run. But I think we all learned
from Bill," Holmgren says. "And you're always designing your offense to your
personnel.

"You have Jerry Rice, John Taylor, Tom Rathman, Roger Craig, and then here you
have Sterling Sharpe and whoever and it's not the same guys. And you have a
young quarterback who is big and strong and maybe not as nifty as Joe Montana,
so you'd better not run the same stuff."

Chiefs coach Marty Schottenheimer describes his version of the attack as "not
unlike what they do in the framework of the 49ers" and, strictly in terms of
intent, not unlike his old, stodgy slam-dance offense.

"It's a controlled, high-percentage passing game," Schottenheimer says. "That's
what we did, but we did it off play-action and things of that nature because we
featured the running game."

PUMPED: Chicago defensive end Richard Dent says the defensive scheme Dave
Wannstedt used in Dallas can't fail to help the Bears.

"Overall, it's going to be a very surprising defense . . . If you look back at
Dallas and see what the scheme did for Dallas, I know we've got better players
than what they had on Dallas." Dent says. "Not that that's a downgrade to Dallas
or anything, I just think we've got more talent."

This should make the Cowboys a bit more interested in their preseason game with
the Bears Aug. 27, eh? After all, the defense with less talent than Chicago's
led the NFL last season. The Bears? Ranked 17th.

Dent figures the penetrating style of Wannstedt's 4-3 should perk everybody up.
The Bears have allowed only one touchdown despite losing both of their preseason
games. Dent has two sacks.

"It's a defense that seems to be very lively," the 11-year veteran says. "It
will give a guy like William Perry a chance to - bam! - hit the gap and take off
and nobody can stop him."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NFL PRESEASON REPORT

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             January 5, 2014 Sunday

NFL playoff capsules

BYLINE: Hays Carlyon

SECTION: Pg. C-4

LENGTH: 488 words


SUNDAY'S GAMES

SAN DIEGO (9-7) AT CINCINNATI (11-5), 1:05 P.M., CBS

Quick look: The Chargers have won four consecutive games, the longest current
streak in the AFC. The Bengals are 8-0 at home this season and posted a 17-10
road win vs. San Diego on Dec. 1.

Last playoff meeting: Cincinnati defeated visiting San Diego 27-7 on Jan. 10,
1982.

Rankings: Chargers - total offense (fifth), run offense (13th), pass offense
(fourth), total defense (23rd), run defense (12th), pass defense (29th). Bengals
- total offense (10th), run offense (18th), pass offense (eighth), total defense
(third), run defense (fifth), pass defense (fifth).

Key matchup: Bengals QB Andy Dalton vs. Chargers secondary. Dalton's
inconsistency is maddening. He's thrown for 33 touchdowns, but also an
unacceptable 20 interceptions. The Bengals are 15-1 when Dalton has a passer
rating of 100-plus. San Diego has struggled against the pass and must contain
Dalton's success throwing to elite WR A.J. Green.

X-Factor: Bengals RB Giovani Bernard. BenJarvus Green-Ellis pounded the Chargers
in the first meeting with 92 yards and a score, but Bernard is the back San
Diego must worry about. The dynamic rookie has 1,209 yards of offense (514
receiving) this season. San Diego can't allow Dalton to hit short passes to
Bernard for big gains.

Prediction: Bengals 24, Chargers 16. San Diego QB Philip Rivers has bounced back
with an outstanding season, but the Cincinnati defense will fluster him for most
of the day.

SAN FRAN. (12-4) AT GREEN BAY (8-7-1), 4:40 P.M., FOX

Line: Bengals by 7.

Line: 49ers by 2 1/2.

Quick look: The 49ers eliminated the Packers from the playoffs last season and
beat them in Week 1 at home 34-28. The Packers defeated Chicago 33-28 in Week 17
on a 48-yard pass from Aaron Rodgers to Randall Cobb on fourth-and-8 with 38
seconds to play to win the NFC North.

Last playoff meeting: 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick threw for 263 yards and two
scores, while running for 181 yards and two more touchdowns as San Francisco
defeated Green Bay 45-31.

Rankings: 49ers - total offense (24th), run offense (third), pass offense
(30th), total defense (fifth), run defense (fourth), pass defense (seventh).
Packers - total offense (third), run offense (seventh), pass offense (sixth),
total defense (25th), run defense (25th), pass defense (24th).

Key matchup: 49ers LBs Ahmad Brooks and Aldon Smith vs. Packers OL. Rodgers
returned last week, but still isn't in his usual form. The 49ers can prolong his
efforts by knocking him around. Brooks and Smith have 8 1/2 sacks this season.

X-Factor: Packers RB Eddie Lacy. The rookie was drafted for a game like this.
Lacy is a physical runner and will need to find yardage against a physical
defense. Lacy has run for 1,127 yards since Oct. 1 (second-best in NFL).

Prediction: 49ers 38, Packers 31. Rodgers will hit some big plays, but San
Francisco's offense will continue to burn the Packers' defense in frigid Green
Bay.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Florida Times-Union


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 20, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Gordon Forbes' 5-star guide: Titans face Ravens' fierce front, foul offense

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 676 words


* * * * *

Tennessee at Baltimore: QB Tony Banks threw four TD passes
in home rout of Titans last year but has struggled, without a
scoring pass the last two games. Ravens' defense turns loose terrific
front four, and LB Peter Boulware can dominate with outside speed
rush on unit that has allowed only 20 points in last month. Titans
will use RB Eddie George for main workload, but look for QB Steve
McNair on rolls and scrambles.

Buffalo at Minnesota: QB Doug Flutie starts for injured
Rob Johnson, but pressure is on Bills' defense that must shut
down RB Robert Smith, who is averaging 5.4 yards per handoff.
Vikings' big-play offense keeps defenses off balance with Smith's
twisting runs, QB Daunte Culpepper's game of long ball and outside
scrambles.

* * * *

St. Louis at Kansas City: Chiefs' defense isn't what it
used to be without Derrick Thomas, meaning that QB Elvis Grbac
must play game of his life to keep Rams' quick-strike offense
off field. QB Kurt Warner took beating last week but still passed
for 313 yards, three TDs in sixth consecutive win vs. blitzing
defense by throwing underneath. Rams' defense misses injured Ts
D'Marco Farr, Ray Agnew but still has solid LBs and big outside
rush from Es Grant Wistrom, Kevin Carter.

Miami at New York Jets: QB Vinny Testaverde is a terrific
fourth-period playmaker (28-for-42, 9.9 yards an attempt), and
this one could go down to last-minute drama. Dolphins' well-rested
defense can take over, with rotating rushline and solid cover
game from CBs Sam Madison, Patrick Surtain. Dolphins can't match
Jets' runners with elusive RB Curtis Martin but plan to squeeze
enough yards from RBs Lamar Smith, Thurman Thomas and Autry Denson.
Dolphins must hope LB Zach Thomas can pursue to cutback lanes
on gimpy ankle.

* * *

Chicago at Philadelphia: Eagles' blue-collar defense hard
to penetrate, will come hard after up-and-down QB Cade McNown.
Bears' defense had its moments vs. high-scoring Vikes, and LB
Brian Urlacher looks like defensive rookie of year with sideline-to-sideline
play.

New England at Indianapolis: QB Drew Bledsoe taking pounding
of his career, giving Patriots offense that has no running game
an uncertain quality. Pats surrendered six turnovers to Jets and
were 3-for-13 on third down. Colts coming off 499-yard game in
which RB Edgerrin James exploded for 219 yards and run offense
piled up 15 first downs.

New Orleans at Atlanta: Could be one of weekend's best
games, with Saints' No. 1 defense facing Falcons' improving play-action
offense. Falcons' injury-riddled LB corps must somehow handle
RB Ricky Williams to give QB Chris Chandler and Falcons' offense
a chance. Falcons swept series in 1999.

Seattle at Oakland: Raiders using old 1-2 running punch
of RBs Tyrone Wheatley and Napoleon Kaufman, then the added dimension
of scrambling QB Rich Gannon to have their way with defenses.
Seahawks falling out of AFC West race at 2-5, and QB Brock Huard
suffering from sore groin muscle.

Washington at Jacksonville: Slumping Jaguars in four-game
tailspin, haven't scored more than 14 points since second week.
Redskins getting Pro Bowl season from RB Stephen Davis, setting
up QB Brad Johnson's play-action passes. Redskins' defense has
jumped from 30th to 2nd in one year.

* *

Arizona at Dallas: QB Troy Aikman in slump with only two
TD passes, dinky 5.61-yards-per-attempt average. Cards in another
first-half skid, just like 2-6 start a year ago when QB Jake Plummer
threw 14 interceptions.

San Francisco at Carolina: Matchup of two underrated quarterbacks,
Jeff Garcia and Steve Beuerlein, with Garcia boasting exceptional
19-to-4 touchdown-to-interception ratio. 49ers' defense banged
up, gave up 38 points to the Panthers in second-week defeat 38-22.

*

Denver at Cincinnati: Bengals went from red zone to end
zone only twice this year.

Cleveland at Pittsburgh: Bet Jim Brown won't be watching.
Nor Jack Lambert.

Open dates: Green Bay, New York Giants, San Diego.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO, Color, Dan Levine, AFP

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 30, 1998, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

COLLEGE FOOTBALL;
SPECIAL SECTION;
YELLOW JACKETS PREVIEW;
Hamilton key if Jackets are to get beyond Carquest

BYLINE: Carroll Rogers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 08D

LENGTH: 529 words


After six years with the same goal --- getting to a bowl --- Georgia Tech has
broadened its horizons. The 1998 goal? Get to a better bowl.

Heading into his fourth full season, Coach George O'Leary has got the players he
wants, the staff he wants and the higher standard he wants, too.

Now he just has to do it.

This year's schedule works in Tech's favor. The Yellow Jackets have got New
Mexico State instead of Notre Dame. They've got two --- Florida State and
Virginia --- of the ACC's big three at home.

That still leaves three critical road games, North Carolina, Clemson and
Georgia, but the games are spread out on the schedule. OFFENSIVE STRENGTHS

The backfield, led by Joe Hamilton.

Halfway through last season, Hamilton became a good quarterback and Georgia Tech
became a contender. Hamilton's arm is stronger, his decisions are better and his
confidence is higher. How he plays determines if and where Tech plays at the end
of the season.

Offensive coordinator Ralph Friedgen has got all kinds of flexibility with the
rest of the backfield.

He's got three backs who can run and catch --- Charles Wiley, Ed Wilder and
Phillip Rogers.

His trump cards are Charlie Rogers, who's going to play receiver but still be
available for carries out of the backfield, and freshman Joe Burns, who might be
the best running back of them all. OFFENSIVE WEAKNESSES

Without Harvey Middleton and Derrick Steagall, the receivers are untested and
unproven. Only four of Tech's top six receivers --- Rogers, Jon Muyres, Dez
White, Mike Sheridan, David Powell and Condrad Daniels --- played the position
last year. DEFENSIVE STRENGTHS

This unit is faster, more athletic and deeper. It's playing in a scheme that's
better. Instead of trying to use the same personnel in every situation, the
Yellow Jackets will mix it up.

The defensive linemen, at least on the inside, will be bigger, faster and
better-rested. Nate Stimson, Merrix Watson, Tony Robinson, Guenter Kryszon, and
Bryan Corhen all are expected to play.

Both Jesse Tarplin and Travares Tillman are all-star candidates. Rodney Williams
is the best punter in the ACC. DEFENSIVE WEAKNESSES

The only player new to the defensive secondary is cornerback Jamara Clark, but
the rest of the unit was roughed up for the last half of last season.

Experience at the two inside linebacker spots is lacking, after the loss of
Keith Brooking and Ron Rogers. Matt Miller and Justin Robertson will be under
the gun. KEYS TO SUCCESS

Tech's defense could make or break the season. It's what might have stood
between a good and great season for the Yellow Jackets last year, with late-game
defensive lapses in losses to Notre Dame, Virginia and Georgia. How the Yellow
Jacket defenders react to trouble --- and it might not come until the third week
of the season against North Carolina --- will be critical. SURE SIGNS OF TROUBLE

If Hamilton gets hurt, the season becomes more about survival than getting to
another level. Also, if the Yellow Jackets don't figure out a way to put
pressure on their opposing quarterbacks and prevent the big plays late, it might
not matter how healthy Hamilton is.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final

GRAPHIC:  Graphic :
 TECH FACTS
 CARROLL ROGERS
 SEPT. 5: Boston College
 When/where: 3:30 p.m., Bobby Dodd Stadium, Atlanta. TV: ABC.
 Series: Tech leads 4-0. Last meeting: Tech won 42-14 last season.
 Boston College coach: Tom O'Brien (4-7). Last year's record: 4-7.
 Returning starters: 6 offense, 7 defense.

 SEPT. 12: New Mexico St.
 When/where: 7 p.m., Bobby Dodd Stadium, Atlanta. TV: None.
 Series: This is first meeting. New Mexico State coach: Tony Samuel
 (2-9). Last year's record: 2-9. Returning starters: 10 offense, 7 defense.

 SEPT. 26: North Carolina
 When/where: 7:30 p.m., Kenan Stadium, Chapel Hill, N.C. TV: ESPN.
 Series: N. Carolina leads 16-14-3. Last meeting: North Carolina won
 16-13 last season. North Carolina coach: Carl Torbush (1-0). Last year's
 record: 11-1, 7-1 ACC. Returning starters: 6 offense, 4 defense.

 OCT. 3: Duke
 When/where: TBA, Bobby Dodd Stadium, Atlanta. TV: None.
 Series: Tech leads 35-29-1. Last meeting: Tech won 41-38 last season.
 Duke coach: Fred Goldsmith (38-70-1). Last year's record: 2-9, 0-8 ACC.
 Returning starters: 6 offense, 8 defense.

 OCT. 10: N.C. State
 When/where: TBA, Carter-Finley Stadium, Raleigh, N.C. TV: None.
 Series: Tech leads 10-7. Last meeting: Tech won 27-17 last season. N.C.
 State coach: Mike O'Cain (28-29). Last year's record: 6-5, 3-5 ACC.
 Returning starters: 8 offense, 3 defense.

 OCT. 17: Virginia
 When/where: TBA, Bobby Dodd Stadium, Atlanta. TV: TBA.
 Series: Tech leads 10-9-1. Last meeting: Virginia won 35-31 last
 season. Virginia coach: George Welsh (167-118-4). Last year's record:
 7-4, 5-3 ACC. Returning starters: 6 offense, 9 defense.

 OCT. 24: Florida State
 When/where: 7 p.m., Bobby Dodd Stadium, Atlanta. TV: ESPN.
 Series: Tech leads 7-6-1. Last meeting: FSU won 38-0 last season. FSU
 coach: Bobby Bowden (281-83-4). Last year's record: 11-1, 8-0 ACC.
 Returning starters: 7 offense, 5 defense.

 OCT. 31: Maryland
 When/where: TBA, Ravens Stadium, Baltimore. TV: None.
 Series: Tech leads 7-3. Last meeting: Tech won 37-18 last season.
 Maryland coach: Ron Vanderlinden (2-9). Last year's record: 2-9, 1-7
 ACC. Returning starters: 6 offense, 5 defense.

 NOV. 12: Clemson
 When/where: 8 p.m., Memorial Stadium, Clemson, S.C. TV: ESPN.
 Series: Tech leads 40-20-2. Last meeting: Tech won 23-20 last season.
 Clemson coach: Tommy West (32-27). Last year's record: 7-5, 4-4 in ACC.
 Returning starters: 5 offense, 6 defense.

 NOV. 21: Wake Forest
 When/where: TBA, Bobby Dodd Stadium, Atlanta. TV: None.
 Series: Tech leads 15-5. Last meeting: Tech won 28-26 last season. Wake
 Forest coach: Jim Caldwell (14-41). Last year's record: 5-6, 3-5 ACC.
 Returning starters: 8 offense, 8 defense.

 NOV. 28: Georgia
 When/where: TBA, Sanford Stadium, Athens. TV: TBA.
 Series: Georgia leads 52-35-5. Last meeting: Georgia won 27-24 last
 season. Georgia coach: Jim Donnan (79-29). Last year's record: 10-2.
 Returning starters: 4 offense, 5 defense.

 TICKET INFORMATION
 Season tickets: $ 135 reserved seats, $ 364 family plan for two adults
 and two children in the end zone.
 Single games: Florida State is sold out. Tickets are available to all
 five other home games for $ 22.
 Telephone: 404-894-5447.
 Address: Georgia Tech Athletic Association, Ticket Office, Atlanta,
 Ga.. 30332-0455.

 ON THE AIR
 On TV: Four TV games are set: Sept. 5 vs. Boston College (ABC), Sept.
 26 at North Carolina (ESPN), Oct. 24 vs. Florida State (ESPN) and Nov.
 12 at Clemson (ESPN). Other TV games will be announced by the networks
 12 days before the date of the game.
 On radio: The Georgia Tech Radio Network originates with WGST-AM (640)
 in Atlanta and is carried by 50 stations. Wes Durham begins his fourth
 year of play-by-play. Former Tech quarterback Kim King is back as analyst.
 Graphic :
 OFFENSE
 QUARTERBACK
 14 Joe Hamilton..........Jr.
 11 George Godsey....... RFr.
 12 Jermaine Crenshaw... Fr.
 Hamilton has two more seasons to lead Tech, and if this one is anything
 like the last half of last year (Hamilton averaged 339 yards of total
 offense over the final five games), the offense is in good hands.
 Without Brandon Shaw, whose career is over because of arm problems,
 Godsey is the backup. Crenshaw is the player Tech would like to redshirt
 and have for three more years after Hamilton graduates.

 TAILBACK
 36 Charles Wiley....... Sr.
 35 Joe Burns........... Fr.
 Wiley wasn't quite himself last year coming off knee surgery. But he's
 been running this fall the way he ran as a sophomore, which bodes well
 for the Yellow Jackets. Freshman Joe Burns has been too good to keep off
 the field. Charlie Rogers will be on the field somewhere.

 FULLBACK
 47 Ed Wilder........... Soph.
 37 Phillip Rogers........Jr.
 Wilder started six games as a true freshman last year and is a great
 option at fullback. Rogers has been running well, something he has shown
 glimpses of in the past but never consistently.

 FLANKER
 3 Charlie Rogers....... Sr.
 7 Jon Muyres........... Jr.
 84 David Powell..........Soph.
 Rogers may be the team's most exciting offensive player with his speed
 and elusiveness. Muyres appears to have made a smooth transition from
 free safety to receiver. Powell, a 6-3, 200-pounder, is expected to
 contribute.

 SPLIT END
 17 Mike Sheridan....... Sr.
 22 Dez White........... Soph.
 8..Brett Basquin....... Soph.
 6 Condrad Daniels........Sr.
 Sheridan has been out this fall with a shoulder injury, but is the
 returning receiver with the most experience and will be a calming force
 once he returns. White has shown off his speed, averaging 23.6 yards per
 kickoff return to rank fifth in the ACC last year as a freshman. Now he
 needs to put it to use on offense.

 TIGHT END
 80 Russell Matvay........RFr.
 89 Conrad Andrzejewski.. Jr.
 34 Matt Gubba............Sr.
 This position was left thin by the suspensions of Mike Lillie and Chris
 Myers. Matvay is the better receiver and Andrzejewski is the better run
 blocker.

 LEFT TACKLE
 65 Chris Brown......... Soph.
 63 Bill Madigan..........Jr.
 This is the one vacancy on Tech's offensive line, with the graduation of
 Ken Celaj. Brown (6-6, 315) is the Yellow Jackets' second-biggest
 lineman, next to Jon Carman, and much is expected from him. Madigan, a
 6-5, 298-pounder, is one of the first backups on the line.

 LEFT GUARD
 75 Jason Burks......... Jr.
 60 Brian Meager..........RFr.
 Burks has been a smart and reliable lineman for Tech. He started all 12
 games last year and played every snap in seven of them. Meager (6-5,
 244) is a converted defensive lineman.

 CENTER
 52 Craig Page........... Sr.
 61 Noah King..............Soph.
 Page is an All-ACC-caliber center and the anchor of this line. He is
 Tech's strongest and most durable lineman, starting the last 22 games.
 King is the first backup on the offensive line and can play center or
 either guard.

 RIGHT GUARD
 70 Brent Key..............Soph.
 66 Kevin Knapp............Soph.
 Key returns at right guard, where he started all 11 games last season.
 He got his chance when Abe Fernandez broke an arm in the preseason last
 year and has been there ever since.

 RIGHT TACKLE
 74 Jon Carman........... Jr.
 77 Abe Fernandez..........Jr.
 Carman, at 6-8, 335, showed the skill to go with his size and broke into
 the lineup with three games to go last year. Fernandez has been playing
 catch-up after missing last season with a broken arm.

 KICKER

 13 Brad Chambers..........Sr.
 25 Kai Cornwell......... Soph.
 Chambers, the mid- to short-range specialist last year, becomes No. 1
 with the graduation of Dave Frakes. He's been accurate, making 15 of 20
 field goal attempts and 31 of 33 extra points in his career.

 DEFENSE
 END
 41 Jesse Tarplin..........Sr.
 97 Felipe Claybrooks......Soph.
 Tarplin is an All-ACC candidate and the Yellow Jackets' best playmaker
 up front. Claybrooks is an excitable player who needs experience and, in
 particular, more work on his discipline against the run.

 TACKLE
 54 Nate Stimson......... Sr.
 90 Bryan Corhen......... Soph.
 96 Guenter Kryszon........RFr.
 Stimson has been a journeyman, playing all four defensive line positions
 at Tech after being recruited as a linebacker. At 6-4, 302 pounds,
 Corhen can be a force. Kryszon moved into a starting role last spring
 and will be in the mix.

 TACKLE
 98 Merrix Watson..........RFr.
 93 Tony Robinson..........Soph.
 60 John Grantham..........Sr.
 With Robinson out because of shoulder surgery in the spring, Watson had
 a chance to show the coaches his skills. Robinson is quick for a 6-4,
 300-pounder and should figure into the defensive plans. Grantham is a
 former walk-on who was moved to defense in the spring.

 END
 54 Roderrick Roberts......Sr.
 95 Andy Josephson....... Soph.
 Roberts is a quiet force who has been playing behind Tarplin and Ralph
 Hughes during his first three years at Tech. Josephson is a junior
 college transfer who seems to have adapted quickly to the Jackets'
 defensive scheme.

 OUTSIDE LINEBACKER
 55 Delaunta Cameron..... Sr.
 5 Chris Edwards......... Jr.
 18 Donte Booker......... Jr.
 Cameron is Tech's most experienced linebacker and will have to have a
 good season if the Yellow Jackets are to improve on their ACC-worst
 defense of last year...Edwards has yet to live up to his potential, but
 has a chance to now that he's healthy again after a shoulder injury.

 INSIDE LINEBACKER
 58 Justin Robertson........Sr.
 15 Josh Long............. RFr.
 38 Nick Rogers........... RFr.
 Robertson finally gets a chance to start after watching Ron Rogers play
 for the last three years. The last time he got this kind of opportunity
 was when he started for Rogers in the 1996 Georgia game and made a
 career-high 13 tackles. Nick Rogers, Phillip Rogers' younger brother,
 was moved from fullback.

 INSIDE LINEBACKER
 48 Matt Miller............Soph.
 51 Matt Uremovich....... RFr.
 45 Ross Mitchell..........RFr.
 Miller started one game last year and played in 10, as one of Tech's
 four freshmen to play. In his one start against Duke, he responded with
 seven tackles. Uremovich is a hard-hitting and hard-working backup,
 which should get him some chances on the field.

 CORNERBACK
 1 Jamara Clark............Soph.
 30 Reggie Wilcox..........Jr.
 24 Derrick Dudley....... Soph.
 Clark, a Louisville transfer and brother of NFL cornerback Willie Clark,
 is small at 5-8, 170, but fast. Behind him is Wilcox, who has had a
 strong preseason after moving from safety.

 STRONG SAFETY
 27 Jerry Caldwell....... Sr.
 33 Chris Young............Fr.
 28 Ron Mabra..............Jr.
 Caldwell is the leader of the defensive backfield. He was vulnerable at
 times last year against the pass, but that was when he was playing at
 cornerback, a less natural position for him. Young, a true freshman,
 earned a backup role by impressing coaches with his athleticism.

 FREE SAFETY
 26 Travares Tillman..... Jr.
 16 Brian Wilkins..........Sr.
 21 Marty O'Leary..........RFr.
 Tillman may be the best athlete on defense and always seems to be around
 the ball. He had 80 tackles last year and four interceptions. With the
 addition of Clark at cornerback, Wilkins was dropped to the second team
 but still figures to see plenty of action.

 CORNERBACK
 4 Jason Bostic............Sr.
 43 Kofi Smith........... Sr.
 25 Troy Tolbert......... Soph.
 Bostic is Tech's most experienced defensive back, having started 18
 games the past two years. Smith, a backup for the past three seasons,
 brings depth and experience.

 PUNTER
 2 Rodney Williams..........Sr.
 81 Mel Whatley........... Sr.
 Williams is poised for another great season after averaging 45.6 yards
 per punt last season. If he can add kickoffs to his repertoire, he would
 become even more valuable. Whatley, a transfer from Air Force, has shown
 a strong leg during preseason.
 - By Carroll Rogers

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 9, 2004 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Sizing up the storylines

BYLINE: STEVEN M. SIPPLE, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 427 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Husker writer Steven M. Sipple takes a look at some of today's subplots

Let's not go overboard

OK, Texas Tech's offense is impressive in many ways. However, some fans and
pundits speak of Tech in such glowing terms that you'd think the Red Raiders are
coming off of a national championship season. In fact, Tech head coach Mike
Leach's teams have lost at least five games in each of his four full seasons in
Lubbock. This season, the Red Raiders lead the nation in passing offense,
averaging 423 yards per game. Of greater significance, Tech ranks 25th in
scoring offense, averaging 33 points. "They're OK, but they're not great," said
former Husker defensive coordinator Bo Pelini, now a co-coordinator at Oklahoma.

First true road test awaits

Yes, we know, Nebraska defeated Pittsburgh three weeks ago at Pittsburgh's Heinz
Field. However, floods in the region limited attendance to 40,133 in a stadium
that seats 65,000. It wasn't a daunting atmosphere for the Huskers. Tonight
likely will be a different story, as Jones SBC Stadium is expected to be close
to full capacity (53,000). Tech is 21-6 at home in Leach's four-plus seasons at
Tech.

Callahan lauds Tech's 'commitment'

It was interesting this week to listen to Nebraska head coach Bill Callahan
discuss Texas Tech's wide-open passing offense. "It's a commitment more than it
is the plays," he said. "It's a commitment to do it every down, and do it again,
and do it again, and do it again. It's unique. They have a lot of confidence in
the system and the players they have there." It will no doubt take a similar
commitment at Nebraska for Callahan's West Coast offense to experience sustained
success in coming years. So far, Nebraska has struggled with the transition to
its new offense. However, Callahan remains resolute, saying he'll continue to
"push the system."

Dailey handling the heat

It's difficult to say how Joe Dailey speaks and acts behind the scenes. But in
the front of the media, the Nebraska sophomore quarterback appears to be holding
up well under trying circumstances. Indeed, one has to admire the kid.   The
pressure on him is enormous, as Husker Nation wants badly to see a smooth
transition from the old offense to the newfangled attack. The thing is,
Callahan's version of the West Coast offense is complicated. It takes time for
NFL quarterbacks to learn it. So imagine the degree of difficulty for a
20-year-old who was recruited for another offensive system. Bottom line: NU fans
may need to be patient. Dailey, though, says the Husker offense may be on the
verge of a breakout game. Stay tuned.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 24, 2010 Friday

8 Arrested in Drug Roundup

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


Sept. 24--CORBIN -- Eight people were arrested in Knox County on drug
trafficking charges, according to the Knox County Sheriff's Department.

Seven arrests were made Wednesday and included two parents and their daughter,
police said. Another man was arrested Thursday and police said more arrests will
follow.

Police said they had received several complaints from Knox County about
activities typically associated with the illegal drug trade. One good tip led
police to a home along Seminole Drive in Scalf and Walker Road in the Walker.
After searching those homes, police obtained more information they said led them
to another home along Hubbards Branch in Scalf.

Police found narcotics, cash and drug paraphernalia as well as evidence that
pills were being trafficked from southern states including Florida.

Those arrested and the charges they face follow:

--Johnny P. Smith, 22, Barbourville, two charges of theft by deception,
first-degree trafficking in a controlled substance first offense, third-degree
trafficking in a controlled substance first offense.

--Jennifer K. Mills, 20, first degree trafficking in a controlled substance
first offense and third degree trafficking in a controlled substance first
offense.

--Harold Mills Jr., 58, Scalf, second-degree promoting contraband, first degree
trafficking in a controlled substance first offense.

--Glenna Mills, 45, Scalf, first-degree trafficking in a controlled substance
first offense.

--Barbara A. Burnett, 41, Walker, first-degree trafficking in a controlled
substance first offense, third degree trafficking in a controlled substance
first offense.

--Pearlene Gabbard, 44, Dewitt, first degree trafficking in a controlled
substance first offense.

--Jimmy C. Hobbs, 51, Flat Lick, third-degree trafficking in a controlled
substance first offense, first-degree trafficking in a controlled substance
first offense.

--Jason McCulley, 32, of Manchester, first-degree trafficking in a controlled
substance first offense, third degree trafficking in a controlled substance
first offense, expired Kentucky registration, expired registration plates and
two warrants served for another police agency.

Police said Harold and Glenna Mills are married and Jennifer Mills is their
daughter.

The police investigation continues.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimestribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune, Corbin,
Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100924-KB-8-Arrested-in-Drug-Roundup-0924-20100924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 26, 2009 Saturday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 433 words


GRAND FORKS (AP) - It's true that everything is bigger in Texas, especially the
offensive numbers put up by the Lone Star state's football teams.

The University of North Dakota is well aware of that after playing Texas Tech
and its spread offense earlier this month. If the Sioux have forgotten about all
the footballs that were thrown at their defense, they'll have a reminder today
at Stephen F. Austin - another Texas school that expects to throw the ball even
more than Tech.

UND doesn't have a Texas-sized offense. Far from it. The Sioux plan to open up
their playbook a little more against SFA, a move that UND hopes will result in
sustained drives - possessions that will help keep the Lumberjacks' No. 1-ranked
offense on the sideline a little longer.

"We'll open things up a little more," UND coach Chris Mussman said. "We'll try
and spread things out a little more."

That, however, does not mean UND will try to match SFA pass for pass. UND's
mission is simply to use more of what's already in the Sioux playbook.

SFA's offense averages 5311/2 yards per game, the best among the country's FCS
schools. The Lumberjacks average 4141/2 passing yards and 51 points per game,
also tops in the FCS.

Granted, a good portion of those averages were the result of SFA's 92-0 win
against NAIA Texas College, but the Lumberjacks will throw it around and have
put up impressive numbers against SMU of Conference USA and Western Illinois of
the Missouri Valley.

SFA scored 23 points against SMU and its offense racked up 460 yards against the
FBS program. The Lumberjacks outgained Western Illinois by 187 yards.

The Sioux, meanwhile, have averaged 238 yards offense in games against Tech and
Northwestern State. That average will have to rise as the Sioux play SFA and
South Dakota on back-to-back Saturdays.

UND's offensive success against SFA will rest in the hands of quarterback Jake
Landry, the leader of an offense that has nine new starters this season.

"We have to get things that already are in our system and just given them to
Jake and say, 'We're going to put it on you,'" Mussman said. "He's capable of
handling it and I'm confident in him."

Against Tech and Northwestern State, UND went with a basic a no-nonsense,
straight-ahead offense of power runs, swing passes and a few plays out of the
Wildcat formation.

"We wanted to be careful and let this offense progress and mature," Mussman
said. "But now, we're three games into the season. We have to pressure our guys
a little bit more. We're going to put more on our guys.

"We don't want to be so simple. We want more plays and options at our disposal."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       October 2, 1995 Monday 2D EDITION

Mistakes holding offense in neutral

BYLINE: John Henderson, Denver Post Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-03

LENGTH: 444 words


SEATTLE - That new Wet Toast    er, West Coast Offense became crushed wheat
yesterday. This time, instead of getting leveled by the defending AFC champions,
it got grounded, rolled and toasted by the second-worst defense in the NFL.

No one expected new coach Mike Shanahan to make the Broncos look like his old
49ers. But no one expected them to look like the real old Broncos of the
vertical-stripe era.

They did.

Yesterday's hapless 27-10 loss to a Seattle team with a bigger rebuilding job
than Shanahan's brought up a key question. Is this offense showing progress?
Only an eternal optimist would say yes.

Meet receiver Ed McCaffrey, Denver's president of the optimists club.

"I think we're improved," he said. "It's just tough to say that if you're not
productive."

A fourth-quarter touchdown kept Denver from going two straight games without a
TD for the first time in its 36-year history. Instead, it's the first time
Denver scored only one TD over a two-game span in three years.

This is an offense that's going backward fast. It led the AFC in offense after
beating Washington in Game 3 but has averaged only 278 yards in the last two
losses to San Diego and Seattle. The Broncos' average drive those two games has
lasted only six plays.

Turnovers aren't the problem. Denver had one yesterday and has only four all
year. But other mistakes are doing the damage. Mistakes a team of veterans, even
in a new offense, aren't supposed to make.

"Too many mistakes," tight end Shannon Sharpe said. "Mistakes we're making
should've been made in minicamp or training camp. We can't afford to make those
mistakes now. They're costing us ballgames."

The mistakes are numerous. Two straight offsides killed a crucial drive in San
Diego, and the receivers aren't living up their reputation as one of the best
units in the NFL.

The wideouts combined for only 7 catches. They had only 8 last week. Mike
Pritchard is still hurt and Anthony Miller (knee, ribs) didn't play yesterday,
but opportunities still are being wasted.

"John (Elway) throws the ball and hits a guy's hands and he drops the ball,"
Sharpe said. "I had a couple of drops myself. Maybe that would've kept a drive
going. I'm just as much to blame as anyone else."

The mistakes could be mere growing pains. No one said this offense was simple,
but the Broncos aren't saying they've flunked their playbook, either.

"It's not like we don't know the offense," tailback Terrell Davis said. "We know
the offense well. I think we're close. We're just missing some chemistry."

But this is no chemistry experiment. It's a full-fledged commitment that's
heading back to the drawing board.

LOAD-DATE: October 05, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 4, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Befuddled By Offense, Giants Play Catch-Up

BYLINE: By BILL PENNINGTON

SECTION: Section D; Page 3; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 722 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Aug. 3


On the first night of Giants training camp last month, the offensive
coordinator, Sean Payton, handed out the diagrams of 45 new plays and told his
players to memorize them. On just about every night since, Payton has tacked on
15 to 20 additional plays.

"We're up over 200 plays now," said Payton, who has helped orchestrate the
overhaul of the Giants' offense in the off-season. "Maybe as many as 250."

Such a number would explain why Giants training camp practices are frequently
interrupted by a whistle before some of the new plays are even run. Back in the
huddle, Payton will shout when his players line up in the wrong formation.

The confusion is understandable, but as the Giants prepare for their first
preseason game against the Chicago Bears on Saturday night, it is of some
concern to Coach Jim Fassel.

"I don't want us to use up our three first-half timeouts in the first series of
the game," Fassel joked earlier this week.

In the last two days, the Giants have started using a 40-second play clock
during practice to simulate game conditions. Perhaps sensing the need to
improve, the offensive starters have appeared a little less overwrought. The
players will have to keep up, because Payton and Fassel say they are determined
to expand the complexity of the offense, week by week and day by day.

In past seasons, Fassel wanted to keep putting new things into the offense, but
pulled back when his players had trouble executing the basics. A year ago, in
their first preseason game at Minnesota, the Giants scored 36 points. By the
opening game of the regular season, things were considerably less freewheeling.
The Giants offense had one field goal and just 107 net yards.

For now at least, the Giants insist they will stay aggressive and won't scale
back the offense.

"This isn't a threat, but we aren't going to slow down for them," Payton said of
his players. "It's their job to pick this up and the right guys will pick it up.
We'll get them up to speed. We're going to shove it down their throats rather
than wait until they're ready."

Still, this morning, Fassel's entire practice was a dress rehearsal -- coaches
call it a walk through -- of 15 scripted plays for the start of Saturday's game.
And Payton acknowledges that some of his players are still floundering at times.

"It's mostly the new guys who weren't around for the spring minicamps," Payton
said. "So I'm not as worried. I do get nervous when I see the first-teamers not
sharp on some things, but that's diminished a lot as camp has gone on. I think
we'll be fine Saturday."

To Giants fans getting their first glance at the Giants' new-look offense,
expect a lot of players in motion before the snap of the ball, multiple shifts
and a variety of running backs split wide of the formation. But Fassel won't
reveal any of his best tricks. For one, it's the preseason and the Giants play
the Bears Sept. 17.

"There's no sense sharing it all to everybody," Fassel said. "Not just Chicago
but Arizona and Philadelphia, too."

The Giants open at home with Arizona Sept. 3 and are at Philadelphia Sept. 10.

EXTRA POINTS

Lightning struck a tree about 100 yards from a courtyard where a handful of
Giants players and coaches were conducting news media interviews following lunch
Thursday. Five members of the campus police at the State University at Albany
who were standing near the tree were transported to nearby hospitals, examined
and released. While thunder could be heard faintly in the distance, it was not
raining and there had been no other warning of lightning in the area.

Coach JIM FASSEL said he wasn't sure if running back JOE MONTGOMERY would play
in Saturday night's preseason game. Montgomery has a deep cut inside his lip
that the Giants are trying to let heal. Running back SEAN BENNETT, who missed
practice last week because of back pain, will play.

Fassel said that safety SAM GARNES, who left Wednesday's practice after being
hit in the throat, would play. He wasn't sure if linebacker MIKE BARROW, who
hyperextended his right knee when he collided with Garnes, would be ready.
Defensive end MICHAEL STRAHAN, who has not practiced this week because of back
stiffness, won't play Saturday, but the Pro Bowl linebacker JESSIE ARMSTEAD, who
sat out last week's intrasquad scrimmage, will be a starter.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sean Payton, huddling with the backup quarterback Jason Garrett,
is determined to liven the Giants' offense. (David Jennings for The New York
Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       NOVEMBER 28, 1999 Sunday D EDITION

THE WEST COAST OFFENSE: HAS IT REALLY GONE SOUTH?

BYLINE: Phil Sheridan, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 1455 words


Before anyone starts shoveling dirt on the West Coast offense, it seems fair to
check to see whether it still has a pulse.

It's easy to assume that Bill Walsh's brainchild has seen its best days. A quick
look around the NFL reveals 1999 to be, at the very least, a down year for teams
running variations of the offense Walsh perfected in San Francisco. Or is it
merely a good year for offenses that are too busy making big plays to bother
with Walsh's precision, short-passing game?

The Eagles are concluding a three-week stretch in which they will have faced
such offenses. Today, for the second time in that stretch, they will face a
Washington offense that averages 31 points and is ranked No. 3 overall. Last
week, the Eagles were scorched for 44 points by the No. 1-ranked Indianapolis
offense, which averages 29.4 points a game.

In just over a month, the Eagles will conclude their season, against St. Louis.
The Rams' offense is ranked second in the league in total yardage and averages
32.3 points per game.

Minnesota and Chicago round out the top five offenses in the NFL. There isn't a
West Coast-style offense in the bunch.

"There's nothing wrong with the West Coast offense," Eagles coach Andy Reid
said. "It's just a matter of getting it going. I think once the West Coast guys
get their systems in place, you'll see the West Coast flourish again. You need a
certain type of quarterback. You get a nice, balanced offense.

"When it's all in place, it's very difficult to stop."

So what's wrong? The answer begins with quarterbacks.

The original West Coast outpost, San Francisco, lost Steve Young to a series of
concussions. For the first time, the Niners were caught without a first-rate
backup. Result: Steve Mariucci's team is 3-7 and averaging 16.3 points per game.

The winners of the last two Super Bowls, the Denver Broncos, lost quarterback
John Elway to retirement, then lost star running back Terrell Davis to a knee
injury. Result: Mike Shanahan's team is 4-7 and averaging 20 points per game.

In Green Bay, where Reid served his apprenticeship under Mike Holmgren, Brett
Favre is playing with a bad thumb, without tight end Mark Chmura and wide
receiver Robert Brooks, and perhaps most important, without the coaching staff
he was accustomed to. Result: Ray Rhodes' team is 5-5 and averaging 19.2 points
per game.

"Brett is probably trying to do too much," Reid said. "That's always a problem.
But the No. 1 thing is the quarterbacks."

For a sign that the system still has life, Reid pointed to Seattle. His mentor,
Holmgren, has the Seahawks at 8-2 in his first season as coach/football czar.
Back in January, before Reid knew he would be coming to Philadelphia, he thought
he might follow Holmgren to Seattle. He took a peek at film of Jon Kitna, the
quarterback Holmgren inherited.

"He can play," Reid said. "Mike actually has Kitna throwing less than [former
coach Dennis] Erickson did. He's taken some pressure off him. Mike got there and
they had a nice offensive line and some good receivers. Ricky Watters is there.
It was just a matter of getting in and getting things started."

In Oakland, where former Eagles offensive coordinator Jon Gruden is the coach,
the Raiders' record is 5-5. But their offense is ranked sixth overall, the best
of any West Coast-derived system.

Still, it is true that defensive coaches have come up with some ways to counter
the system. That is how the NFL's system of checks and balances works. Every
offensive innovation is met with a not necessarily equal but opposite reaction,
and vice versa.

The West Coast system exploited blitzes by having big, fast receivers run quick
slants in front of the cornerbacks left to cover them man-to-man. So defensive
coaches answered with zone blitzes, sending pass rushers from different spots
but remaining in confusing zone coverages. A linebacker might blitz, but a
defensive end might drop back into coverage.

"Defenses adapted," said Eagles quarterback Doug Pederson, a student of the West
Coast offense. "They're taking something away. Now you have to find another way
to beat that."

To Eagles defensive coordinator Jim Johnson, the search for answers to the West
Coast system became more intense as the offense proliferated. When it was just
Walsh and the Niners, there wasn't much need to create an entire defensive
package to counter it. When one-third of the league was running it, the need
became urgent.

"The more teams run it, you kind of get a feel for it," Johnson said. "It's like
anything else."

The other thing working against the West Coast offense is change. It's been a
fact of life around the NFL since the advent of free agency.

"You've got to be smart with the volume of plays you have, especially in the
West Coast," Mariucci has said. "The volume of pass plays is ridiculous. You
have to find guys who've had this offense before, because if you had a newcomer,
he'd be like, 'What?' It's a lot of things to learn."

"With free agency," Pederson said, "you're bringing in new guys who have to
learn the system right away, when really it takes a full year or so to really
get into it. You don't see a guy like Jerry Rice, who was there in San Francisco
every single year for all those years."

The complexity of the West Coast system makes it tough to run as well as tough
to stop. It's not a coincidence that the big-play offenses that are lighting up
scoreboards around the NFL this season are relatively simple.

Think about it. Washington's offense is led by Brad Johnson, who is in his first
year with the team. The Colts are led by Peyton Manning, who is in his second
year in the league. The Rams' Kurt Warner was in the Arena League before getting
the chance to fill in for the injured Trent Green.

Those quarterbacks each have a superior running back and at least one great wide
receiver to throw to. Johnson has Stephen Davis, the NFL's leading rusher, as
well as Albert Connell and Michael Westbrook. Manning has Edgerrin James and
Marvin Harrison. Warner has Marshall Faulk and Isaac Bruce.

Speed is the key.

"Now all of a sudden, more and more people are getting big receivers with speed
and going to a more vertical game," Jim Johnson said. "They're trying to get the
ball downfield more. That's where you get your big plays. You have a chance to
score more points."

This trend began last year in Minnesota and had its roots in Walsh's offense.
Vikings head coach Denny Green and former offensive coordinator Brian Billick
started as Walsh assistants. Billick even cowrote a book with Walsh. In
Minnesota, with receivers such as Cris Carter and Jake Reed, the two started
tweaking the West Coast system to take advantage of the deep pass.

Last year, with the addition of quarterback Randall Cunningham and rookie wide
receiver Randy Moss, the deep game became the Vikings' offense. The West Coast
system had mutated into a big-play attack that seemed as simple as throwing the
ball as far as possible and letting Moss outrun the defense.

This season, the Vikings got off to a slow start. They started sparking again
when Cunningham was benched. He was replaced by Jeff George, who spent last
season in Oakland, trying and failing to get comfortable in Gruden's West Coast
system.

"This is the perfect offense for me," George said earlier this season. "It's
more of a vertical game. It's something I'm comfortable doing. Who wouldn't be
comfortable with these guys? Everybody knows we're going to throw the ball down
the field."

The trouble with the more basic offenses is consistency. The Vikings went 15-1
last year. They're 6-4 this year. The Redskins (6-4) have been running coach
Norv Turner's offense for six seasons and have never gone to the playoffs. St.
Louis and Indy are 8-2, but are they flukes or will they have staying power?
Time will tell.

If time has told anything, it's that every system looks good when great players
are on the field. What Reid is trying to accomplish in Philadelphia is what
Holmgren did in Green Bay and what Walsh did in San Francisco. He's trying to
build around a young quarterback, Donovan McNabb, teaching an offense that is
more flexible than its burdensome nickname sometimes allows people to realize.

In this first season, Reid has learned what he has and, just as important, what
he doesn't have. McNabb needs experience. The line, as always, needs to be
shored up. Most of all, the Eagles need at least one fast, big-time wide
receiver, someone who can make the kinds of big plays that Rice and Moss and
Harrison have made.

Whatever you call your offense, however you line up, speed kills.

"When your guys can outrun their guys," Reid said, "the game's a whole lot
easier."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Football season openers on national radar

BYLINE: Parrish Alford, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 431 words


Aug. 26--College football is back this week, and Northeast Mississippi's SEC
teams both figure prominently into the early action.

Ole Miss opens Thursday night at 8:15 on ESPN in an SEC game at Vanderbilt,
while Mississippi State faces No. 13 Oklahoma State in a neutral-site matchup at
Reliant Stadium in Houston.

Ole Miss and Vanderbilt are both considered rising teams.

National No. 1 recruit Robert Nkemdiche, a defensive end, will make his college
debut for Ole Miss, which added a top 10 recruiting class to 19 returning
starters from a team playing its best football at the end of 2012.

Vanderbilt's summer has been marred by a June incident in which four players --
none of them substantial contributors -- were dismissed from the team for their
roles in a campus rape case.

A fifth player, wide receiver Chris Boyd, was recently charged. Boyd, who had 50
catches for 774 yards and five touchdowns last year, has been suspended, and his
status for the game remains unclear.

Vandy rallied to win 27-26 in Oxford last season. The Commodores have won three
straight and five of the last six in the series.

Bulldogs' challenge

MSU quarterback Tyler Russell has taken responsibility for last season's slide
to the finish that included losses in five of the final six games, each of them
by at least two touchdowns.

Can the Bulldogs, who lost two NFL draft picks from their cornerback spots, slow
down an offense that has been among the nation's most explosive in recent
seasons?

Oklahoma State ranked in the top 10 last year in passing offense, scoring
offense and total offense.

OSU coach Mike Gundy says quarterbacks Clint Chelf, a senior, and J.W. Walsh, a
sophomore and  better runner, will both play against the Bulldogs.

Both teams finished 8-5 last season.

parrish.alford@Journalinc.com

WEEK 1 SEC SCHEDULE

Thursday

North Carolina at South Carolina, 5 p.m. (ESPN)

Ole Miss at Vanderbilt, 8:15 p.m. (ESPN)

Saturday

Toledo at Florida, 11:21 a.m. (SEC Network)

Rice at Texas A&M, noon (ESPN)

Mississippi State vs Oklahoma State (at Houston), 2:30 p.m. (TBA)

La.-Lafayette at Arkansas, 3 p.m. (FSN)

Alabama vs. Virginia Tech (at Atlanta), 4:30 p.m. (ESPN)

Austin Peay at Tennessee (PPV), 5 p.m.

Kentucky vs. Western Kentucky (at Nashville), 6 p.m. (ESPNews)

Washington State at Auburn, 6 p.m. (ESPNU)

Georgia at Clemson, 7 p.m. (ABC)

LSU vs. TCU (at Arlington, Texas), 8 p.m. (ESPN)

Murray State at Missouri, 6 p.m. (PPV)

___ (c)2013 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130826-TP-Football-season-openers-on-national-radar-0826-20130826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2013 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 22, 2010 Monday

Curry's play at the point a passing fancy for Warriors

BYLINE: By Marcus Thompson II mthomps2@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports; Breaking; News

LENGTH: 550 words


Lost in the excitement of the Warriors' come-from-behind win over the Atlanta
Hawks on Sunday was, arguably, the pass of the season.

From his own free-throw line, rookie guard Stephen Curry lofted a perfect
two-hand chest pass over Hawks center Al Horford and guard Joe Johnson and into
the hands of guard C.J. Watson for a layup.

The play, with less than three minutes left, tied the game and underscored what
is becoming obvious: Curry is the team's floor general.

Curry's vision, passing ability and basketball IQ have helped the Warriors
offense run more fluidly, especially when guard Monta Ellis has been out of the
game.

It's also going to lead to more action for Curry at the point over the rest of
the season, coach Don Nelson said.

"One guy's a point guard and the other guy's an off guard," Nelson said.
"Actually, I like Monta at point (guard) some, too, because Curry is a special
shooter. To have him off the ball is a lot of pressure on the defense."

Several players scoffed at the idea that the Warriors are better without Ellis,
who is averaging 25.8 points and 5.4 assists. But one player who called it
"crazy" also acknowledged the offense is "different" when Ellis isn't on the
court.

Why? A few reasons exist, and the answer to each of them somehow includes Curry.

Perhaps the main one is that the offense is more diverse when Ellis isn't on the
court. Ditto forward Corey Maggette, who the team announced will be out until at
least March 8 with a strained left hamstring.

Each Warriors play has a series of options. When Ellis or Maggette initiates the
offense, the Warriors usually don't get past the first option. When they are not
on the court, the offense expands as Curry, and even Watson, will get to the
second, third and fourth option.

"They are so talented that we could give them the ball every possession," Curry
said of Ellis and Maggette. "When they are out, we don't have that kind of
talent out there, so we have to work together and move the ball. So it kind of
looks different."

Another result of Ellis' absence from the floor: The Warriors play much faster.

Ellis and Maggette often dribble the ball up the court, sometimes in a trot,
which slows down the pace. Curry has proved pretty good at passing the ball up
the court, and that promotes a pace the Warriors like.

Over the first 50 games, the Warriors had four games with at least 35 fast-break
points. They've reached that benchmark three of their past four. Ellis was not
in the lineup for two of those games, but with Ellis on Sunday, the Warriors
scored 17 of their 35 fast-break points in the fourth quarter. All but two came
while Ellis sat.

Curry said he's understanding the game more, so he is more prepared to manage
the offense. And, considering its importance to the Warriors offense, the
transition game might benefit from having the point guard start the break.

Nelson has made it clear that Curry is most qualified for that job.

Notes: Maggette was examined Monday. He received an injection and will rest and
rehab in Los Angeles. ... Warriors center Ronny Turiaf held his Heart to Heart
Foundation's first event today at the Boys & Girls Club in West Oakland. He
announced he was donating defribilators and training for staff and students to
El Cerrito High, De La Salle, Life Academy and Calvary Christian.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Warriors Stephen Curry puts pressure on former teammate Baron Davis in
the first half at Oracle Arena in Oakland, Calif., on Wednesday Feb. 10, 2010.
(Susan Tripp Pollard/Staff)
Warriors Stephen Curry after beating the Los Angeles Clippers and earning a
triple double and a career high 36 points at Oracle Arena in Oakland, Calif., on
Wednesday Feb. 10, 2010. (Susan Tripp Pollard/Staff)
The Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry brings the ball down court against the
Boston Celtics in the first quarter of their NBA game played at the Oracle Arena
in Oakland, Calif. on Monday, Dec. 28, 2009. (Dan Honda/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 23, 1986, Thursday, Final Edition

Redskins Peer Into Shadows,See Giants Offense Looming;
Containing Morris, Pressuring Simms Top Priorities

BYLINE: Dave Sell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE D2

LENGTH: 685 words


The New York Giants defense possibly is the most feared in the NFL, with three
Pro Bowl players. But last season, when the Giants went to the playoffs a second
straight season, they also had two Pro Bowl players on offense: quarterback Phil
Simms and running back Joe Morris.

New York's offense always has seemed to operate in the shadow of its defense,
and not without reason. Last season, the Giants defense ranked second in the
NFL; this season, it's No. 1.

But the Washington Redskins, who will play at Giants Stadium Monday night, have
had enough trouble with the Giants offense.

"The defense was keeping them in contention," said Redskins defensive end
Charles Mann. "But now that they have some offense, they're a team to be
reckoned with."

The Giants offense did not have one of its better games Sunday in a 17-12 loss
in Seattle, but the Redskins didn't light up the board against the Seahawks,
either, winning, 19-14, at RFK. Simms threw four interceptions, two after the
ball was tipped.

"Seattle is a heck of a defensive team," Redskins Coach Joe Gibbs said. "They
made some big plays, and the Giants had trouble with turnovers."

"All I know," said Richie Petitbon, the Redskins assistant head coach/defense,
"is that a lot of teams would like to have Phil Simms as their quarterback.
Sometimes, fans in New York get a little overzealous. That's the life of a
quarterback. He gets too much credit when things go well and too much abuse when
they don't."

Stopping Joe Morris seems to be the first priority for the Redskins defense. "He
has great quickness and a low center of gravity," Gibbs said of Morris, who had
116 yards on 24 carries against Seattle. "It seems like he's broken more runs
against us than any other back."

After Morris, the idea is to pressure Simms. "We have to stop the running game,
with Morris, who ran all over us," Mann said. "We need to get after Phil Simms.
If we can knock him around early, we can set the tempo. If he starts well and
hits a few passes, it could be a long night."

Mann believes that Simms can be intimidated, adding that "any quarterback has
the potential to be rattled. I think he and Neil Lomax are similar. If you start
pounding them early, you can dictate how they play for the rest of the game."

Jacob Green, Seattle's left defensive end, had four sacks against New York.
Giants right tackle Karl Nelson, who was facing Green, will take on Mann this
week.

"But it wasn't like Jacob was destroying him the whole game," said Redskins
defensive coordinator Larry Peccatiello, who coached Green at Seattle and called
him one of the best in the NFL. "In two cases, Simms couldn't find a receiver,
and Jacob finally got in."

The Redskins defense, which ranked third in the NFL last season, is 13th in
1986. Peccatiello said it has not stopped the run as well.

"The big difference is the Giants have done a remarkably good job stopping the
run," he said. "They've been giving up only about 3.1 yards per attempt, which
is real good . . . We're now at about 4.1.

"I don't think it's crucial that we be higher in the rankings, though I would
like it. But it is crucial that we be able to control the running game better
and continue to prevent the long ball."

A strong pass rush can thwart the long pass. Mann, whose 14 1/2 sacks were
fourth-best in the NFC last season -- Dexter Manley's 15 ranked third -- was
slowed in his quest to improve on that figure because of a knee arthroscopy
before the season. He still is a bit less than 100 percent healthy.

"I'm still in it," Mann said of the team sack race. "And I'm going to be there
at the end. [Manley is] five ahead of me, but I've been playing hard, and the
knee has been less and less of a factor. I'm still in it and Dexter knows it.

"[The knee injury] started the season very badly, and I wish it had happened
differently. But there are some things I want to do individually, like go to the
Pro Bowl. But right now, the team is 6-1 and you have to be happy about that."


The Giants may be without running back Maurice Carthon, who broke a thumb
against Seattle.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 12, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

PRO BOWL NOTEBOOK Bailey may help AFC offense

BYLINE: Bill Williamson and Mike Klis Denver Post Staff Writers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 429 words


Honolulu - It has taken Broncos and AFC coach Mike Shana-

han nearly seven months and more than 3,000 miles, but he likely will accomplish
a season-

long goal today at Aloha Stadium: He will use Champ Bailey on offense.

In the relaxed setting of the Pro Bowl, Shanahan - as secretive about game plans
as any coach in the NFL - sipped coffee Saturday after the AFC team's 30-minute
practice and came clean.

"I might get Champ in there on offense for a play or two," he said.

Shanahan wanted to use the cornerback at receiver some this past season but
never got the opportunity. Bailey missed the preseason with a hamstring injury
and played through myriad injuries during the season. Shanahan said he hopes to
use Bailey, who played about 20 plays on offense in his first season in Denver
in 2004, on offense next season.

"We never had the chance this year," Shanahan said. "But to have a guy on the
field like Champ, you have to consider that. He's so fast and so gifted, he can
help you both ways."

Bailey practiced some plays at receiver this past week while Cincinnati Bengals
receiver Chad Johnson has practiced a few plays at cornerback.

Burns to be back

The agent for veteran linebacker and special-teams player

Keith Burns said he expects his client to re-sign with the Broncos at the
beginning of free agency. Because Burns signed a one-

deal deal worth the veteran minimum, he can't re-sign until the contract
expires. But agent David Hardin said Burns will be back.

Denver has gotten a fast start on free agency, securing center Tom Nalen and key
reserve safety Sam Brandon to extensions in the past week and a half. The open
market begins March 3.

The Broncos' priorities are

offensive tackle Matt Lepsis and defensive tackle Gerard Warren. Each player's
contract voids, and the Broncos likely will work through the end of the month on
their extensions.

Lynch staying put

Broncos safety John Lynch said Friday that he will not consider a position on
Fox's "NFL Sunday" pregame show. A report had mentioned Lynch as a candidate.
But Deion Sanders is the front-runner for the job.

Lynch said he spoke to the show's producer, Scott Ackerson, at a social event
and Ackerson mentioned the job. How-

ever, Lynch informed Ackerson he plans to honor the final year of his Denver
contract, and perhaps beyond.

"I'm playing," Lynch said. "Ackerson did say, 'Hey, we'd like to have you when
all is said and done, how much longer are you going to play?' I said, 'Scott,
I'm feeling good.' That was it.

``But, hey, that's not such a bad thing to get your name thrown around for
something like that.''

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 11, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

GIANTS NOTEBOOK;
Time Waits for No Offense, Not Even Reeves's

BYLINE: By MIKE FREEMAN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 34; Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 581 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Dec. 10


Last year two of the coaches who were against changing the play clock from 45
seconds to 40 were Joe Gibbs and Dan Reeves. Gibbs left the Washington Redskins
for the auto racing circuit and may soon be in a Carolina Panthers uniform.
Reeves, of course, is working magic in New York.

Reeves didn't like the change to 40 seconds and still doesn't. So he must have
been pleasantly surprised when George Young, the Giants' general manager, was
named co-chairman of the competition committee on Thursday. Does Young expect
Reeves to knock on his door anytime soon?

"We have a good relationship where I do my job, he does his," said Young, who
was also opposed to the change, which has been sharply criticized by the fans,
news media and players. "I want his opinion, I respect it very much. But we have
to do what's best for many, not the few."

Reeves -- and Giants quarterback Phil Simms -- despise the 40-second clock
because Reeves's offense does a lot of shifting to confuse the defense by
showing them more looks. It's a big part of the game plan. But the offense needs
time to make those shifts, as well as time to check off at the line of scrimmage
after all the shifting is completed.

Hurry-Up Offense

The league reduced the play clock by five seconds so offenses could have more
plays. But players say it leads to sloppy play because offenses have to hurry to
beat the clock.

Young said the league has been studying how many timeouts teams use because of
the 40-second clock. He said it seems that most quarterbacks get the play off
with between seven and nine seconds left. He said he thinks one of the reasons
some quarterbacks have trouble getting the play off is because the sideline is
sloppy getting the play in.

Young isn't ready to say that he will push for a change back to 45 seconds, and
his guess was that the clock would stay at 40. If the clock is turned back, he
said, the league still needs to find a way to create more plays during games.

"I've been a 45-second clock person," said Young. "I fought it to the end. But
if it goes back, we're going to lose three or four plays in a game. We have to
figure out a way to avoid that."

One Durable Veteran

There were worries before the season that Simms, 38, would not be able to hold
up. Now, showing just how tough he is, one of the oldest quarterbacks in the
league is also one of a select few to start every game.

He is one of just nine quarterbacks to do so. The other eight are: Jim Kelly
(Buffalo), Jim Harbaugh (Chicago), John Elway (Denver), Brett Favre (Green Bay),
Wade Wilson (New Orleans), Boomer Esiason (Jets), Steve Young (San Francisco)
and Rick Mirer (Seattle).

EXTRA POINTS

Offensive tackle JUMBO ELLIOTT (back), cornerback PHILLIPPI SPARKS (foot),
linebacker MICHAEL BROOKS (foot), and tight end AARON PIERCE will all miss the
Indianapolis game. Elliott is the biggest concern since his back is getting
worse. He will be replaced by ERIC MOORE.

Kickoff specialist BRAD DALUISO has kicked off 48 times this season, with 32
going into the end zone, 27 for touchbacks. . . . The Colts placed Pro Bowl
tackle WILL WOLFORD on the injured reserve list and activated offensive lineman
JOHN RAY.  Wolford, acquired from Buffalo in the off season, is to undergo
surgery Monday on his right rotator cuff and is expected to be out the rest of
the year. . . . Running back DAVID MEGGETT has caught at least one pass in 71 of
his 76 career regular-season games.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            November 29, 2013 Friday

Holgorsen shoulders blame for offense's ills

BYLINE: by BOB HERTZEL

LENGTH: 495 words


MORGANTOWN, W.Va. - Coach Dana Holgorsen was hired at West Virginia to replace
Bill Stewart as head football coach because he was considered one of the most
creative offensive coordinators in football.

Yet the problems this season's Mountaineers have had while struggling to a 4-7
record can be traced to the offense.

"I'm the first to say that we haven't had a winning offensive performance this
season," he said.

Eleven games into a 12-game season, with the finale at 4 p.m. Saturday at home
against Iowa State, Holgorsen rates none of his team's performances on the
offensive side of the ball good enough to win.

That comes after two seasons in which the Mountaineers lived up to the
reputation he had built, first at the knee of offensive guru Mike Leech at Texas
Tech, then as offensive coordinator at Houston and Oklahoma State running an
offense that was at or near the top in the NCAA.

During his two seasons at WVU, he directed an offense quarterbacked by Geno
Smith, who threw to Tavon Austin and Stedman Bailey, all three of whom headed to
the NFL.

During those two years, WVU broke nearly every school offensive record.

With that trio's departure, the offense went from extraordinary to ordinary. For
the first time since 2002, WVU will not go to a bowl regardless of the outcome
against Iowa State.

WVU managed to win four games, beating overmatched William & Mary and Georgia
State along with an upset of Oklahoma State and a win over TCU.

Holgorsen said to place blame on him for the offensive deficiencies.

"All the dynamics combined haven't completed a winning effort. That's something
that will get addressed in the offseason. Just point the fingers at me,"
Holgorsen said.

"Continuity is the biggest thing. I don't anticipate ever being in this
situation again. New guys, new coaches, etc., I don't anticipate this happening
ever again."

Holgorsen said he believes his team made strides throughout the season and will
benefit from the experience next year.

"We're going to be extremely competitive," he said. "We are a better team now
than we were last year, minus one or two guys."

The Mountaineers close out the season against an Iowa State team they would be
expected to beat.

"Iowa State is the best 2-9 team in the country," Holgorsen said. "They're an
extremely competitive football team. They are what they usually are, which is
incredibly coached. They have a tough outfit.

"They're extremely sound with their schemes. It will be a tremendous challenge
for us as it is every week in the Big 12."

WVU will go with Paul Millard or normal starter Clint Trickett at quarterback.
Trickett was cleared to play after suffering a concussion against Texas.

"(The Texas concussion) was the second one in three weeks," Trickett said. "I
had one against Kansas State that I didn't tell anyone about. I played through
it.

"Obviously I would have tried to play through the Texas one if I wasn't
completely unconscious."

Bob Hertzel is a freelance writer.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 26, 2012 Wednesday

Hokies need victory to avoid losing season

BYLINE: Brian Woodson, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 905 words


Dec. 26--BLUEFIELD -- he last time Virginia Tech didn't play in a postseason
bowl game or not finish with a winning record, junior quarterback Logan Thomas
was 1.

Freshman running back J.C. Coleman would not be born for two more years.

Virginia Tech was able to beat Boston College in overtime -- its only win this
season away from Lane Stadium -- and stop Virginia on a last second field goal
to extend its streak of bowl appearances to 20 straight years.

However, a loss to Rutgers (9-3) in the Russell Athletic Bowl on Friday in
Orlando, Fla. would result in the Hokies' first losing season since a 2-8-1 mark
1992, which is also the last time they didn't play in the postseason.

No wonder the 6-6 record that Virginia Tech is saddled with this season is so
hard to take for its avid fan base.

One season after losing in overtime to Michigan in the Sugar Bowl, the Hokies
started the season at 2-0 -- an overtime win over Georgia Tech and a predictable
blowout victory against Austin Peay --  and finished the year with two wins.

In between, Virginia Tech was 2-6, including a 4-4 mark in the Coastal Division.
The Hokies, who were considered the favorite to advance to the ACC Championship
Game, lost three in a row and four of five at one point in the season.

The non-league defeats came to Big East teams from Pittsburgh (35-17) and
Cincinnati (27-24).

Guess which league Rutgers comes from?

Virginia Tech, which used to play the Scarlet Knights in the Big East, is 11-3
against Rutgers, but they last played in 2003, a 48-23 win over the Hokies.

Of course, Rutgers has seen a turnaround and became a competitive program under
Greg Schiano, and that success has continued with Kyle Flood, who took over when
Schiano left for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

Expect Friday's game to be a defensive struggle, much like they always seem to
be for the Hokies and Knights. Both clubs have struggled on offense this season,
but have thrived on defense.

Virginia Tech was expected to be carried this season by its defense, but even
though the Hokies are a respectable 24th in total defense (344.58) and 38th in
scoring defense (23.92), they have allowed 27 or more points six times, all of
which resulted in defeat.

The Hokies simply haven't been able to generate enough offense to offset the
defensive struggles, and that could be a problem against the Knights.

Virginia Tech is 78th in scoring offense (26.08) and 71st in total offense
(391.83), and have rarely looked good doing it.

Rutgers has played a lot like Virginia Tech had been expected to do. The Knights
are fifth in the nation in scoring defense, 14th in total defense, and 11th
against the run, while allowing 20 or more points just four times this season.
They have lost three of those games.

However, on offense, the Knights are 83rd or higher in four major categories,
including 94th in scoring offense (22.42), 100th in total offense (341.08) and
100th in rushing offense (125.92).

Much the blame for Virginia Tech's struggles on offense have been predictably
placed -- at least from the fans' perspective -- on offensive coordinator Bryan
Stinespring, along with Thomas, who is in just second season as a college
quarterback, having come to Virginia Tech with intentions of being a tight end.

He has thrown for 2,783 yards and 17 touchdowns, but has also thrown 14
interceptions. Thomas has also been the Hokies' top rushing threat, running for
528 yards and nine more scores.

Coleman has been the Hokies' leader among the backs with 486 yards, while the
leading receiver Marcus Davis has 47 receptions for 891 yards and five
touchdowns, but Virginia Tech has struggled to replace all-time leading
receivers Jarrett Boykin and Danny Coale.

The same issues have been faced in trying to replace the running back production
of David Wilson, who is now playing for the New York Giants.

Virginia Tech has also struggled with injuries and inconsistency on the
offensive line.

Rutgers started the season at 7-0 under Flood, earning a share of the Big East
title for the first time, but dropped a surprising decision to Kent State,
resulting in a 2-3 slide that included losses to Pittsburgh and Louisville.

The Scarlet Knights have been led by quarterback Gary Nova, who has had a
Thomas-like season, throwing for 2,566 yards and 22 touchdowns, but has also
thrown 15 interceptions. Jawan Jamison leads Rutgers with 1,054 yards on the
ground, while Brandon Coleman has 39 receptions for 663 yards and 10 scores.

Khaseem Greene leads Rutgers on defense, ranking 14th in the nation with 10.42
tackles per game. Jack Tyler paces Virginia Tech on defense with 9.3 stops a
contest.

Both teams have struggled at times on the special teams. Rutgers is 116th in net
punting, while Virginia Tech is 83rd.

Giles product Cody Journell has been consistent for the Hokies, making 18-of-22
on field goals, including game winners against Georgia Tech and Virginia. He is
also 33-of-35 on extra points attempts.

Virginia Tech is a 2 1/2 point favorite against the Scarlet Knights.

The Russell Athletic Bowl, which has been in existence since 1990, has been
played in two cities and had several different sponsors in the last 23 years.

Friday's game will start at 5:30 p.m., and will be televised by ESPN.

--Contact Brian Woodson

at bwoodson@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2012 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121226-WF-Hokies-need-victory-to-avoid-losing-season-1226-20121226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2012 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           November 28, 1998 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Crowd Noise

BYLINE: compiled by CORY GOLDEN Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 435 words


Assess Nebraska's performance against Colorado. It was ugly. That's all I can
say. It was ugly. They'll be better next year, but thank God the end of the
season is here.

-- Steve Goldberg, Omaha They played way beneath themselves, but I guess that
kind of sums up the year. The defense scored the only touchdown, so that says a
lot. The offense kind of sputtered. -- Kurt Jenkins, Lincoln It wasn't real
good. The offense wasn't moving the ball worth a darn. Nine points is not going
to win many ball games. -- Tom Webster, Springfield They looked kind of weak on
offense, uninspired. The defense stole the show, so to speak. -- Dave Ver Velde,
Omaha I thought they played great. It's been a tough year for them. You have to
play a close game once in a while. They came out on top, and that's all that
matters. -- Greg Gonzales, Houston, Texas They played good at times. The defense
really stepped up at the end and held it together. And Shevin Wiggins made some
big plays that got the offense going once or twice. -- Quint English, Fairbury
Who will win the Big 12 Championship, Kansas State or Texas A&M? A&M, no doubt.
K-State's not for real, man. They've got no offense. A&M's going to win by 12.
-- Lon Moore, Denver K-State because: A&M still doesn't have an offense; A&M has
R.C. Slocum as their coach; and K-State is a better football team. -- Greg
White, Longmont, Colo. K-State because Texas A&M will have a big letdown after
the tough loss to Texas. K-State's got more talent and Michael Bishop --
KState's got the better team. -- John English, Aurora I'm from Manhattan so I
don't want them to win because of all the grief I'll take (as a Husker fan).
I'll take K-State, but I think it will be a good game. It won't be by a lot,
probably by 10 or 14. -- Scott Jenkins, Manhattan, Kan. The Wildcats. They've
got Michael Bishop, that's why. -- Charlie Meyer, Lincoln Who should be NU's
starting quarterback next year? Eric Crouch -- but you've got to have (Bobby)
Newcombe on the field, like back at wingback. You can't leave one of them on the
sidelines. If they were both out there, they'd just be too dangerous. -- Kurt
Brockhaus, Lincoln Eric Crouch. I think the offense will do better with Bobby
playing at wingback. It gets the best players on the field that way. -- Jamie
Helms, Omaha Boy, I don't know. The coaches know. I'd probably say Newcombe. --
Terry Cadwell, Bellevue Eric Crouch. He's solid. He's proven he can run the
option. He can run the two-minute offense. He's a good passer and a real good
runner. And he's pretty consistent, from what I've seen. -- Darren Glandt,
Manhattan, Kan.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            April 14, 2005 Thursday

OWI convictions

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Tristate; Pg. b8

LENGTH: 457 words


All are first offense unless otherwise noted. First date is date of arrest;
second is date of conviction:

Cory A. Kennedy, 27, 727 Goethe St.; June 4; March 1.

John C. Rix, 44, 1620 Wingate Drive; Sept. 11; March 2.

Matthew L. Sweeney, 34, Epworth, Iowa; Oct. 10; March 2.

Clayton M. Smith, 22, McHenry, Ill.; Sept. 5; March 2.

Paul Schueller, 45, Durango, Iowa; May 9; March 3.

Paul Schueller, 45, Durango, Iowa; July 21; March 3; second offense.

Ricky R. Hobbs, 38, Chicago, Ill.; Feb. 11; March 3.

Clarella A. Lange, 59, 3890 Inwood Ave.; Dec. 17; March 3.

Timothy J. Rolle, 52, 2757 Bankston Drive; Dec. 4; March 3.

James J. Krueger, 57, 29 Milwaukee; Nov. 13; March 3; second offense.

Brad L. Siegert, 25, 2086 Garfield Ave.; Nov. 7; March 7; second offense.

Michael J. Steffen, 30, Peosta, Iowa; Nov. 10; March 8.

Larae A. Bowers, 18, 465 Lowell St.; Sept. 26; March 8.

Kory C. Amundson, 34, 2093 Key Way Drive; Dec. 22; March 9.

Levi C. Lange, 24, 16600 W. Tims Lane, East Dubuque, Ill.; Dec. 29; March 10.

Michael H. Guerin, 50, Detroit, Mich.; March 6; March 10.

Randy J. Merchant, 37, Bernard, Iowa; Dec. 18; March 14; second offense.

Victoria A. Carner, 36, 2123 Central Ave., No. 2; Dec. 11; March 15; second
offense.

Adrian J. Hartung, 22, 265 Valley St.; Oct. 31; March 15.

Justin W. Doran, 19, 22079 Golf Lake Road; June 10; March 16.

Sumarng Amore, 49, 2262 St. John Drive; May 30; March 17.

Antonio Hernandez, 37, 1735 Madison St., No. 1; Dec. 23; March 17.

Lisa L. Fritz, 42, Cascade, Iowa; Dec. 1; March 17; second offense.

James H. Budworth, 60, Dickeyville, Wis.; Sept. 23; March 17.

David J. Muntz, 21, 531 Rhomberg Ave.; Feb. 18; March 17.

Daniel M. Dietz, 18, 14186 Dietz Drive; April 9; March 17.

Sam R. Jackson, 37, 7288 Route 52 South; Sept. 19; March 22; third offense.

Sam R. Jackson, 37, 7288 Route 52 South; Feb. 16; March 22; third offense.

Timothy L. Oswald, 22, 3702 Pennsylvania Ave., No. I87; Dec. 3; March 22.

Daniel M. Morrison, 47, 10261 Boleyn Road; Aug. 29; March 22; second offense.

Jonathan Wilkes, 36, 1032 Judy Court; Nov. 25; March 22.

Thomas W. Mickelson, 57, 14671 N. Cascade Road, Lot 15; Nov. 13; March 23.

Brandon W. Gaul, 19, Dyersville, Iowa; Oct. 28; March 24.

Alvin W. Fountain, 51, 1689 Main St., Apt. 1; Jan. 10; March 24; second offense.

Alvin W. Fountain, 51, 1689 Main St., Apt. 1; Feb. 26; March 24; second offense.

Tracy L. Bisdorf, 38, 2613 Stafford St.; Oct. 30; March 24; second offense.

Charles P. Daugherty, 38, Bellevue, Iowa; Dec. 4; March 29.

Paul F. Rasch, 64, 4129 Bluebird Drive; Jan. 3; March 30.

Ranken E. Ahtoong, 20, 2212 Rhomberg Ave.; Jan. 1; March 30.

Christopher J. Reiff, 22, Cascade, Iowa; Nov. 27; March 31.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 16, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

N.F.L. CONFERENCE CHAMPIONSHIPS;
An Improved Defense Labors in Obscurity

BYLINE: By JACK CURRY

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 804 words

DATELINE: EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn., Jan. 15


Begin a conversation about why the Minnesota Vikings have been so dominant this
season and the dialogue will almost always start with their offense. The Vikings
have Randall Cunningham, Randy Moss, Cris Carter and a slew of other dangerous
weapons, and they set a National Football League record by scoring 556 points.

Begin a conversation about why the Vikings could lose to the Atlanta Falcons in
the National Football Conference championship game on Sunday and it will almost
always start with their defense. The Vikings have John Randle, Dwayne Rudd,
Robert Griffith and other reliable players, but their defense is not nearly as
talented as their incredible offense. Actually, it is not even close.

"Let's say the offense has provided cover for us," Minnesota Coach Dennis Green
said. "If offense provides cover for us, we'll take it."

So far, the strategy has worked wondrously because the Vikings have won 16 of 17
games and are one victory from the Super Bowl. But the Falcons (15-2) are the
best team that the Vikings have played, and they have Jamal Anderson, the sort
of running back who can eat yards and chew up the clock.

"Stopping Jamal is where it starts," said Orlando Thomas, a safety for the
Vikings. "That's what we have to do."

In Minnesota's 27-24 loss to Tampa Bay on Nov. 1, the Buccaneers rushed for 246
yards and held the ball for seven minutes longer than the Vikings. And while
this strategy seemed like the approach for attacking the Vikings, it never
worked after Tampa Bay's triumph in the eighth game because Minnesota is so
adept at rumbling to early leads that teams must resort to passing.

In fact, when Green was asked if the Tampa Bay game provided a plan for
throttling the Vikings, he quickly said, "I don't think it's the blueprint at
all."

Still, it is one place to start. The Falcons will use Anderson to attack a
defense that ranked 13th in the N.F.L., which is a dramatic improvement from
last season when the Minnesota defense was 29th.

The Vikings have a competent defense with Randle, an All-Pro who has 10 1/2
sacks and is more effective against the pass; Griffith, who played strong
safety, free safety, nickel back and linebacker while intercepting two of
Arizona quarterback Jake Plummer's passes last week; Rudd, a linebacker who was
second on the team with 113 tackles, and Jimmy Hitchcock, a cornerback who was
second in the N.F.C. with seven interceptions.

But the defense, which is giving up nearly 19 points a game, happens to be
obscured by an offense that averages 35 points a game.

"The fact that our offense is so good, we're overshadowed by it," Thomas said.
"In a sense, I guess it does motivate us. We have a good defense and everybody
wants to do well. I guess we don't feel bad because we know we have one of the
best offenses ever put together. It's hard for it to be equal."

Actually, it might be impossible, even though Green said, "Inside the room, no
one gets more credit than the defense."

When it was suggested to Dixon Edwards that the way to beat the Vikings was to
challenge their defense and simply outgun them, the Minnesota linebacker was
incredulous.

"Wow, is that what they say?" Edwards said. "It's the first time I've ever heard
that. I guess that would be motivating for me. I don't think we've been playing
bad. I'd like to know what makes someone think they can say that specifically."

Green played down the possibility that the defense could prevent the Vikings
from advancing to the Super Bowl. The coach noted that that Vikings have not
permitted a point in the first quarter in 10 of their 17 games. The Vikings will
need more of the same against the Falcons.

"We're undersized," Green said. "When you're undersized, you have to bring a
certain attitude with you because people who line up think they're better
because they're bigger and stronger. So you have to bring an attitude that
you're going to be quicker and stronger. Since we're going to punch each other
in the mouth, I'm going to punch first."

 EXTRA POINTS

Vikings receiver JAKE REED was placed on the inactive list for Sunday's game
with a hamstring injury. Reed, who missed five games after undergoing back
surgery, caught 34 passes for 474 yards and 4 touchdowns this season. Reed
played in last week's playoff game against Arizona, but did not catch any
passes. . . . Atlanta Coach DAN REEVES worked about 12 hours a day this week
preparing for the game with the Vikings, which he said was a decrease from his
normal workload because of his recent heart surgery. But Reeves expects to be
more involved in the N.F.C. title contest than he was in last week's game
against San Francisco. "I feel better qualified to interject something, if I
want to, because I was more involved with our game plan than I was last week,"
he said.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Vikings safety Orlando Thomas, tackling Detroit fullback Tommy
Vardell earlier this season, says that Minnesota's offense is so good that
nobody notices its defense. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Mark Purdy: 49ers offense improving, but still not finishing

BYLINE: By Mark Purdy Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Football

LENGTH: 865 words


According to his coach, Alex Smith played the best game of his 49ers life Monday
night.

Maybe so. But the team still lost.

Therein lies a lesson. And the lesson is: The 49ers' offense still needs to do
better. Much, much better. Just because Smith looked confident leading a
fourth-quarter comeback to tie the score doesn't mean the 49ers' issues are
cleared up.

The good news is, Smith gets the lesson.

As he left the locker room Monday, I asked the 49ers quarterback if the 25-22
loss to New Orleans on the game's final play felt the same to him as last
season's punch-in-the-gut loss at Minnesota on a Brett Favre pass in the final
seconds.

"No, this is something different," Smith said. "At Minnesota, I think we led the
whole way and lost it at the end. So I think that was more devastating. In this
game, most of our self-inflicted wounds happened early. "... We had all those
chances in the red zone or near the red zone but had turnovers, so we only wound
up with 22 points. We feel like we should have had more."

Correct, correct and correct. But what are Smith and the 49ers going to do about
it? Their next game is at Kansas City inside Arrowhead Stadium, one of the NFL's
loudest venues. And there are no carry-over points from Smith's
attention-grabbing, fourth-quarter performance. This year's 49ers offense still
has not proved it can simultaneously grab attention and grab a victory.

Thank goodness, we seem to have moved past the 49ers era of having a top-gun
defense mixed with a popgun offense. But it's not as if the offense has pulled
even with the defense. There is still a large discrepancy between the two units.
After two games, the 49ers' defense ranks fourth in the NFL. The 49ers' offense
ranks 11th, but it is 28th in third-down efficiency and the team is 24th in
points scored.

What's that? You say the offensive numbers are deceptive because the 49ers'
offense was so lousy in Week 1 at Seattle but then turned a corner Monday
against the Saints? I beg to differ. In the most important respect -- inability
to efficiently convert scoring opportunities -- the two games were much the
same.

Let's review:

In Seattle, the 49ers offense was actually very impressive for the first half
and drove inside the Seahawks' 20-yard line three times "... but only scored six
total points in those three trips because bad execution stalled drives. Smith
also threw two interceptions in the game.

Against the Saints, the 49ers' offense drove inside the Saints' 30-yard line six
times "... but wound up with just 22 points instead of 28 or 35 points because
of Smith's two interceptions and a fumble by Delanie Walker.

In both cases, the 49ers kept getting in their own way as they tried to reach
the end zone. So why was Week 2 considered such an improvement over Week 1?
Apparently because of that fourth quarter tie-the-score drive. Smith certainly
deserves applause for that. The drive probably boosted his confidence. But it
didn't make up for the early mistakes. Not all were Smith's fault, of course.
You can't blame him for the ball that was snapped by David Baas so high over
Smith's head that it almost interfered with SFO plane traffic. But his first
interception, when he had trouble making a tough throw to running back Frank
Gore, was preventable.

"Putting ourselves in the hole earlier in the game hurt us in the end," Smith
said. "That's how I look at it."

The 49ers also have a fundamental quirk in their offensive package that needs to
get un-quirked. Through two games, the 49ers have rushed the ball 45 times and
completed 49 passes. This is known as "balance."

But look closer at those 49 passes. Only 15 were caught by wide receivers. The
rest were thrown to running backs (15) or tight ends (19).

This is known as "trouble waiting to happen," because if opposing defenses don't
have to worry greatly about wide receivers doing damage, their job is a lot
easier.

Singletary said Tuesday that he was "not exactly" happy with the distribution of
passes so far. But he attributed it to the comfort level Smith has with Gore and
tight end Vernon Davis. Josh Morgan had eight catches Monday, so it's obvious
the comfort is building between him and Smith. But it doesn't exist yet with
Michael Crabtree, who had just one catch Monday after two receptions in Seattle.

Gore and Davis are the 49ers' two best offensive players, so the ball must touch
their fingers more often. But for points to happen consistently, Crabtree must
be involved consistently. It is clear that his absence from many summer-camp
practices with a neck injury was a more significant factor than first imagined.

"He missed both training camps: one for the holdout, one because of injury,"
Singletary said of Crabtree. "But he's working hard to get on the same page,
working his tail off. And you know, at some point in time, he's going to be a
tremendous weapon for us."

How about Sunday in Kansas City? That would be good. The 49ers' defense is going
to hold opponents to three touchdowns or fewer every week. It would be nice to
see Smith and his offensive pals get four or five.

In fact, for the 49ers to have a winning season, it will be mandatory.

Contact Mark Purdy at mpurdy@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5092.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

'Best defense wins this game';
UF's numbers superior, but OU played in the QB-crazed Big 12.

BYLINE: MICHAEL DIROCCO

SECTION: Pg. D-6

LENGTH: 694 words


MIAMI - Oklahoma has scored more points than any other team in Football Bowl
Subdivision history and has scored at least 60 in its past five games.

Quarterback Sam Bradford won the Heisman Trophy after throwing for more yards
and touchdowns than any other player in OU history.

Florida leads the Southeastern Conference in scoring, total offense and rushing
and is the only team in conference history to score at least 42 points in six
consecutive games.

Eye-popping numbers, for sure, but they won't decide the national championship.

"Ultimately, the bottom line is going to be defense," OU safety Nic Harris said.
"Offense wins games. Defense wins championships. Old cliche, but it's the truth,
and the best defense is going to win this game."

There seems to be some argument as to which team that describes.

Florida has better stats, but the Gators haven't faced the caliber of
quarterbacks that Oklahoma did in the Big 12. Four of OU's opponents (Texas
Tech, Missouri, Texas and Kansas) rank in the top eight in the nation in
passing. Two others (Nebraska and Kansas State) rank 15th and 19th,
respectively.

"We've faced some great offenses, and a lot of people don't understand that
other conferences don't have what we face," OU defensive back Dominique Franks
said. "It is [frustrating] to hear people say we don't play defense, but we
played against Texas Tech, which is probably the greatest offense, one of the
best offenses in the country, and we shut them down to 21 points, but their
quarterback still threw for about 300 yards.

"If you look at the stats, you'll say we don't play defense, but if you watch
the game, you'll know."

Watch early, though. The Sooners have been up big by halftime in a lot of games,
which means a lot of playing time for reserves in the second half. That has
resulted in some skewed stats, especially in the passing game.

There's also this: Eight of the 32 touchdowns the defense has yielded have come
in the fourth quarter. Half of those occurred in the final minute.

"What's happened to Oklahoma - a little bit of what happened to us in the second
half of the year - your backups are in there, you're way ahead, they start
throwing the ball all over the place, you take a hit statistically," UF coach
Urban Meyer said. "So I see a fine defense. I see an excellent defense that
we're getting ready to face, especially when you look at the competitive snaps.

"Some competitive snaps are over in the first quarter. So basically, you've got
three quarters of non-competitive snaps. But the competitive snaps we've
evaluated, they play at a very high level on defense."

Florida has done that all season.

The Gators are nothing like the unit that ranked 98th nationally against the
pass (258.5 yards per game) and 46th nationally in scoring (24.5 points per
game) in 2007. UF improved those stats to 15th and fourth and had the nation's
best turnaround in point differential during the regular season - 13.2 points
per game less in '08 than '07.

The Gators tied the single-season school record with 24 interceptions (2000) and
trail only Oklahoma in turnover margin (plus-1.77 to plus-1.69).

"Watching them on film, they're very aggressive in the secondary," Bradford
said. "They play a lot of man coverage, a lot of press. Their corners aren't
scared to jump routes. We have to run clean routes to get separation, and then I
have to put the ball in a place where they can't get to it."

The argument of which defense is better won't be settled until sometime late
tonight, but there is no argument between the opposing coaches that it will be
the thing that gives one of them his second national title.

"Florida has played really good defense. We have at times," OU's Bob Stoops
said. "We've been inconsistent. I don't think there's any question defense will
play a major role in this game."

michael.dirocco@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4500

BY THE NUMBERS

Here's how Florida's defense and Oklahoma's defense compare in the four major
statistical categories:

FLORIDA (NATIONAL RANK) CATEGORY OKLAHOMA (NATIONAL RANK)

12.8 ppg (4th) SCORING 24.5 (58th)

105.3 ypg (15th) RUSHING 106.0 (16th)

174.0 (15th) PASSING 253.1 (99th)

279.3 (7th) TOTAL 359.1 (62nd)

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
BRUCE LIPSKY/The Times-Union Scoring on defense: Florida safety Major Wright
(21) returns an interception for a touchdown against Hawaii this season. BRODY
SCHMIDT/Associated Press Oklahoma defensive back Nic Harris (left) tackles
Oklahoma State's Zac Robinson, one of the Big 12's many top quarterbacks.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   June 28, 1995, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

2nd man held in student's slaying;
Sailor charged in Evans case; other suspect is questioned;
Signalman confessed, told police where to find body, officials say

BYLINE: Don Plummer; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 464 words

DATELINE: Virginia Beach, Va.


The sailor who was seen with Emory University student Jennifer Evans at a local
nightclub June 19 has been named as the second suspect in her slaying and
probably will be charged, police said today.

The unidentified man, whose composite sketch had been widely circulated, was at
the club with Evans and a 23-year-old Navy signalman who was arrested Tuesday
and charged in her slaying, police said.

On Monday, a team of detectives visited Fort A.P. Hill near Richmond where
Billie Joe Brown Jr. and the unidentified man were training. On Tuesday, Brown
confessed to the killing and told investigators where to look for the body,
police said.

Evans' body was found about 25 yards away from a major highway, not far from a
bike trail in the 8,000-acre Newport News Park. It had been placed against a
tree and covered with branches.

Brown, 23, of Dayton, Ohio, identified as a signalman third class in training to
become a Navy SEAL, was held overnight Tuesday in the Henrico County Jail
outside Richmond.

SEALs are the Navy's elite commando force trained for unconventional warfare and
covert operations.

Brown, assigned to the SEAL team in Little Creek, had graduated from initial
training in California in December. He was part of one of three SEAL teams at
Little Creek under the command of Special Warfare Group 2.

He was scheduled to be returned to the Virginia Beach Jail today and was
expected to have a bail hearing Thursday.

Evans disappeared while vacationing. Her body was discovered at 5:15 p.m.
Tuesday in Newport News Park, 40 miles from where she was last seen.

Virginia Beach police spokesman Lou Thurston said warrants charge Brown with
murder, abduction and attempted rape.

Evans, 21, was last seen with the unidentified man nine days ago at the Bayou
Club, a bar in the Radisson Hotel that is popular with young people. The man was
questioned and released.

Police refused to discuss the sequence of events of the crime.

State medical examiners were expected to perform an autopsy today and should be
able to say when, where and possibly how Evans died. Police said some of the
clothing on the body matches what Evans reportedly was wearing when she
disappeared.

Her parents, Al and Delores Evans, were joined in Virginia Beach on Tuesday
evening by a group of Mrs. Evans' co-workers at the Southern Co., who arrived
shortly after police notified the Tucker couple that their only child had been
found.

Chief Detective Jack Prichard said the case was cracked by a hotline tip.

Jennifer Evans and her friends had planned to let off steam for a week before
Evans returned to Atlanta and a summer job as a gymnastics coach at the Tucker
Recreation Center. She planned to enter medical school after graduating from
Emory next May.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Mug shot of Jennifer Evans.

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            September 4, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Texans see something in Dayne The former Heisman Trophy winner, cut by the
Broncos, has hooked on with Houston, where he will be in a familiar offense.

BYLINE: Bill Williamson Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 437 words


It turns out Ron Dayne will be playing in the Broncos' offense this season after
all.

One day after being cut by Denver, the former Heisman Trophy winner agreed to
terms Sunday with the Houston Texans. The one-year deal, which includes
incentives, is expected to be announced today. Dayne might practice today in
Houston and play in the Texans' season opener Sunday against the visiting
Philadelphia Eagles. The Texans hope he will help them in short-yardage
situations after the team lost Domanick Davis for the season.

"If Ron isn't in Denver, that's the next closest offense," one of his agents,

Karim Lawrence, said Sunday night. "He's going to Denver South."

The Texans are coached by former Denver offensive coordinator Gary Kubiak and
their general manager is Rick Smith, who departed Denver in June. The Texans,
with several former Denver assistants on their staff, run an offense similar to
the Broncos' offense.

Dayne, who also garnered interest from Miami and Jacksonville, entered training
camp as Denver's starting tailback but played in just one preseason game.
Hampered by a turf toe injury, and with the emergence of Cedric Cobbs in the
preseason, Dayne became expendable.

The Texans also claimed cornerback Roc Alexander, a Colorado Springs product who
was cut by Denver on Saturday.

"Roc has landed in a pretty good situation," said Alexander's agent, Kevin
Robinson. "The Texans are familiar with Roc's athleticism, which helps him. He
still needs to go in there and perform, but the familiarity helps."

Kubiak told reporters in Houston that quarterback Bradlee Van Pelt also was
considered, but the Texans didn't have the luxury of keeping three quarterbacks
on the active roster. Van Pelt does not have practice squad eligibility and
would have to be on the active roster.

Meanwhile, the Broncos filled their practice squad with linebacker Cameron
Vaughn, defensive tackles Antwon Burton and Amon Gordon, wide receiver Brian
Clark, offensive lineman Rob Hunt, running back Damien Nash, quarterback Preston
Parsons and defensive back Jeff Shoate.

Parsons gives Denver a third quarterback behind starter Jake Plummer and rookie
backup Jay Cutler. Denver could look at

Stefan Lefors, who was cut by Carolina. The Broncos liked the quarterback when
he came out of Louisville.

Fullback Brandon Miree, cut Saturday, signed with Green Bay's practice squad.
The agent of offensive lineman Dwayne Carswell is expected to be in contact with
Jacksonville, Miami and Houston.

Staff writer Bill Williamson

can be reached at

303-954-1262 or bwilliamson@denverpost.com.

Para leer este artículo en español, vaya a denverpost.com/aldia

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday

BRIEF: 6/24 - City man charged with sex offenses

BYLINE: Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 199 words


Jun. 24--CUMBERLAND -- A 62-year-old city man was arrested Monday on sex
offenses charges following investigation by the C3I Unit.

Rodney Clark Horning, of Cherry Blossom Road, was charged with sex abuse of a
minor, perverted practice, second-degree child abuse and fourth-degree sex
offense. He was released Tuesday after posting $200,000 bond, according to a
spokesman at the Allegany County Detention Center.

The charges stem from alleged offenses that oc-curred in May 2009 involving a
15-year-old boy, who now resides in Frederick County, police said.

The investigation included interviews with the victim and assistance from the
Frederick County Department of Social Services. Investigators also gathered
additional evidence that led to Horning's arrest, police said.

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090624-UM-BRF-6-24-City-man-charged-with-sex-offenses-0624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2009


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 1, 2001, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SOLUTION TO RAMS' STRUGGLES ISN'T DIFFICULT TO FIND

BYLINE: Bernie MiklaszPROFESSIONAL FOOTBALL; PLAYOFFS; ST. LOUIS RAMS

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. B1

LENGTH: 624 words


Did you watch the Baltimore Ravens slap the Denver Broncos silly on Sunday? Did
you see the Philadelphia Eagles stuff the Tampa Bay Buccaneers? How about the
Miami Dolphins knocking out the Indianapolis Colts? Or the Rams' "Greatest Show
on Earth" getting throttled for three quarters by the New Orleans Saints?

Kids, there is a definitive lesson to take from the first round of the NFL
playoffs, and it is pertinent to the Rams' demise. During the Baltimore game,
CBS interviewed Hall of Fame quarterback Johnny Unitas. And Johnny U said it:
You win with defense in this league.

That's why Peyton Manning, Marvin Harrison, Edgerrin James, Kurt Warner,
Marshall Faulk, Isaac Bruce, Torry Holt, Rod Smith, Ed McCaffrey, Mike Anderson,
Keyshawn Johnson, Warrick Dunn and offensive geniuses Mike Shanahan and Mike
Martz were eliminated from the playoffs.

That's why defense-based teams -- Miami, New Orleans, Baltimore, Philadelphia --
were able to win with offensive casts that included names such as Trent Dilfer,
Jay Fiedler, Lamar Smith, Willie Jackson, Terry Allen, Chris Warren and Torrance
Smalls.

In the first four postseason games, four top 10 defenses won. And the NFL's top
three offenses lost, including St. Louis.

Obviously, it's best to have balance. A good offense and an effective defense.
But a great offense won't win if the defense stinks. And it is possible to slide
by with a mediocre offense as long as you are packing a formidable defense.

So the Rams don't need to freak out this offseason. They don't need to do
something panicky and dumb like bring in Norv Turner to serve as offensive
coordinator. What's up with that? Martz was named head coach because of his
exquisite work with the Rams offense.

So if Martz is no longer in charge of the offense, then what's the point? He's
not a football CEO. He's not a master motivator like Bill Parcells. Martz's
value is in how he creates and shapes this offense. For Martz to back away now,
it would be like Monet stepping away from an in-progress work of art and handing
the brush to some house painter with a roller. Paul McCartney and John Lennon
didn't need Ringo Starr to write songs.

If the Rams are so determined to find an offensive coordinator, here's an idea:
Give the job to this Martz fellow, and make Turner the head coach. Give me Martz
as the offensive coordinator, and Georgia Frontiere can hire Shemp Howard as
head coach and the Rams would score 35 a game.

Basically, Martz is overreacting to his own flaws as a rookie head coach.  As
with other offensive coordinators who previously have ascended to head-coaching
positions, Martz will grow into the top job and learn a better way to manage his
time and people. Next year will be easier for him.

Martz doesn't need an offensive coordinator. He doesn't need to hire a buddy; he
needs a Buddy Ryan type. He needs a gung-ho head coach for the defense. And
Martz shouldn't give that defensive coordinator's job to a crony; this is a
crisis that requires legitimate leadership.

The worst thing that Martz and the Rams can do is overanalyze what went wrong
this season. Sure, they need to be more efficient on offense and cut down on the
number of interceptions. Obviously, they need competent play on the special
teams. Those are side issues.

Let's go through this one more time: The Rams were abused for 502 points in 17
games this season, and that's the reason why they staggered into the playoffs as
a road-bound wild-card team instead of being sheltered by home-field advantage
in the playoffs.

Fix the defense, and the problems are over. And if Martz isn't bright enough to
figure that out, then maybe the Rams really do need to bring in Turner to take
over as head coach.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Bernie Miklasz Column

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                January 25, 2001 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

JETS HIRE HACKETT TO RUN OFFENSE RAMS' FAULK NAMED NFL PLAYER OF THE YEAR

BYLINE: MERCURY NEWS WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 512 words


New York Jets Coach Herman Edwards compared the hiring of new coordinators Paul
Hackett for the offense and Ted Cottrell for the defense on Wednesday with
winning a recruiting war for talent.

"They have a lot of energy and knowledge, a passion for football and they're
detail-oriented, guys who have been around football their whole lives," said
Edwards, hired last week to replace Al Groh. "Getting these guys to come is like
winning a high school recruiting battle."

Hackett, 53, fired Nov. 28 after three years as coach at USC, has 14 years of
experience as an NFL assistant with Cleveland, the 49ers, Dallas and Kansas
City.

Hackett is a proponent of the West Coast offense developed by former 49ers Coach
Bill Walsh.

"When quarterbacks get to that offense, they really enjoy it," Edwards said. "As
a defensive guy in the past, I know the headaches it causes."

The West Coast offense is sometimes criticized as too pass-oriented, but Hackett
said running backs Curtis Martin and Richie Anderson could thrive under it.

"We have the ability to catch the ball out of the backfield with more than 150
catches between Curtis and Richie," Hackett said.

Cottrell, with 18 years of experience as an NFL assistant, spent the past three
seasons as defensive coordinator with Buffalo. The Bills were ranked sixth,
first and third in the league during his tenure.

"Teddy has gone with a 3-4 defense and a 4-3," Edwards said. "At this point, we
have to vacillate between going 3-4, 4-3 or a combination of both."

Another award for Faulk

St. Louis Rams tailback Marshall Faulk added to his collection of honors,
winning the NFL player of the year award.

Faulk had already been named the Associated Press' most valuable player and
offensive player of the year.

Despite missing two games, he set an NFL record with 26 touchdowns and finished
with 2,189 yards from scrimmage.

Other finalists were Daunte Culpepper, Rich Gannon, Eddie George, La'Roi Glover
and Donovan McNabb.

The award was sponsored by Miller Lite.

* A jury of five women and nine men was selected for the sexual assault trial of
former Green Bay Packers star Mark Chmura.

He is charged with sexually assaulting his children's 17-year-old former baby
sitter during a drunken prom party. The 31-year-old player could get up to 40
years in prison if convicted.

Chmura has pleaded innocent to felony charges of third-degree sexual assault and
child enticement.

Opening statements are set for today at the Waukesha County Courthouse in
Wisconsin.

* Ken Whisenhunt, the New York Jets' tight ends coach last season, was hired by
the Pittsburgh Steelers to fill the same position.

Whisenhunt replaces Mike Mularkey, who took over for the fired Kevin Gilbride as
offensive coordinator.

* Bob Bratkowski, who coached the wide receivers for the Pittsburgh Steelers,
was hired as offensive coordinator for the Cincinnati Bengals.

* Joe Pendry, the Buffalo Bills' offensive coordinator for the past three
seasons, was hired by the Washington Redskins to coach the offensive line.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NFL NOTEBOOK

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: CHRIS O'MEARA -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
St. Louis running back Marshall Faulk is presented the NFL player of the year
award by Commissioner Paul Tagliabue.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Mark Purdy: San Francisco 49ers offense gets better in Week 2, but it's not
fixed yet

BYLINE: By Mark Purdy San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: SPORTS; 49ers; Football

LENGTH: 791 words


According to his coach, Alex Smith played the best game of his 49ers life on
Monday night.

Maybe so. But the team still lost.

Therein lies a lesson. And the lesson is: The 49ers offense still needs to do
better. Much, much better. Just because Smith looked confident leading a
fourth-quarter comeback to tie the game doesn't mean the 49ers' issues are
cleared up.

The good news is, Smith gets the lesson.

As he left the locker room Monday, I asked the 49ers quarterback if the 25-22
loss to New Orleans on the game's final play felt the same to him as last
season's punch-in-the-gut loss at Minnesota on a Brett Favre pass in the final
seconds.

"No, this is something different," Smith said. "At Minnesota, I think we led the
whole way and lost it at the end. So I think that was more devastating. In this
game, most of our self-inflicted wounds happened early. "... We had all those
chances in the red zone or near the red zone but had turnovers, so we only wound
up with 22 points. We feel like we should have had more."

Correct, correct and correct. But what are Smith and the 49ers going to do about
it? Their next game is at Kansas City inside Arrowhead Stadium, one of the NFL's
loudest venues. And there are no carry-over points from Smith's
attention-grabbing, fourth-quarter performance. This year's 49ers offense still
has not proved it can simultaneously grab attention and grab a victory.

Thank goodness, we seem to have moved past the 49ers era of having a top-gun
defense mixed with a popgun offense. But it's not as if the offense has pulled
even with the defense. There is still a large discrepancy between the two units.
After two games, the 49ers defense ranks fourth in the NFL. The 49ers offense
ranks 11th but is 28th in third-down efficiency and 24th in points scored.

What's that? You say the offensive numbers are deceptive because the offense was
so lousy in Week One at Seattle but then turned a corner on Monday against the
Saints? I beg to differ. In the most important respect -- inability to
efficiently convert scoring opportunities -- the two games were much the same.

Let's review:

In Seattle, the 49er offense was actually very impressive for the first half and
drove inside the Seahawks' 20-yard line three times "... but only scored six
total points in those three trips because bad execution stalled drives. Smith
also threw two interceptions in the game.

Against the Saints, the 49ers offense drove inside the Saints' 30-yard line six
times "... but wound up with just 22 points instead of 28 or 35 points because
of Smith's two interceptions and a fumble by Delanie Walker.

In both cases, the 49ers kept getting in their own way as they tried to reach
the end zone. So why was Week Two considered such an improvement over Week One?
Apparently, because of that fourth quarter tie-the-game drive. Smith certainly
deserves applause for that. The drive probably boosted his confidence. But it
didn't make up for the early mistakes. Not all were Smith's fault, of course.
But his first interception, when he had trouble making a tough throw to running
back Frank Gore, was preventable.

"Putting ourselves in the hole earlier in the game hurt us in the end," Smith
said. "That's how I look at it."

The 49ers also have a fundamental quirk in their offensive package that needs to
get un-quirked. Through two games, the 49ers have rushed the ball 45 times and
completed 49 passes. This is known as "balance."

But look closer at those 49 passes. Only 15 of them were caught by wide
receivers. The rest were thrown to running backs (15) or tight ends (19).

This is known as "trouble waiting to happen," because if opposing defenses don't
have to worry greatly about wide receivers doing damage, their job is a lot
easier.

Singletary said Tuesday that he was "not exactly" happy with the distribution of
passes so far. But he attributed it to the comfort level Smith currently has
with Gore and tight end Vernon Davis. Josh Morgan had eight catches on Monday,
so it's obvious the comfort is building between him and Smith. But it doesn't
exist yet with Michael Crabtree, who had just one catch Monday night after two
receptions in Seattle.

"He missed both training camps: one for the holdout, one because of injury,"
Singletary said of Crabtree. "But he's working hard to get on the same page,
working his tail off. And you know, at some point in time, he's going to be a
tremendous weapon for us."

How about Sunday in Kansas City? That would be good. The 49ers defense is going
to hold opponents to three touchdowns or less every week. It would be nice to
see Smith and his offensive pals get four or five.

In fact, for the 49ers to have a winning season, it will be mandatory.

Contact Mark Purdy at mpurdy@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5092.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Mark Purdy: San Francisco 49ers offense gets better in Week 2, but it's not
fixed yet

BYLINE: By Mark Purdy San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 791 words


According to his coach, Alex Smith played the best game of his 49ers life on
Monday night.

Maybe so. But the team still lost.

Therein lies a lesson. And the lesson is: The 49ers offense still needs to do
better. Much, much better. Just because Smith looked confident leading a
fourth-quarter comeback to tie the game doesn't mean the 49ers' issues are
cleared up.

The good news is, Smith gets the lesson.

As he left the locker room Monday, I asked the 49ers quarterback if the 25-22
loss to New Orleans on the game's final play felt the same to him as last
season's punch-in-the-gut loss at Minnesota on a Brett Favre pass in the final
seconds.

"No, this is something different," Smith said. "At Minnesota, I think we led the
whole way and lost it at the end. So I think that was more devastating. In this
game, most of our self-inflicted wounds happened early. "... We had all those
chances in the red zone or near the red zone but had turnovers, so we only wound
up with 22 points. We feel like we should have had more."

Correct, correct and correct. But what are Smith and the 49ers going to do about
it? Their next game is at Kansas City inside Arrowhead Stadium, one of the NFL's
loudest venues. And there are no carry-over points from Smith's
attention-grabbing, fourth-quarter performance. This year's 49ers offense still
has not proved it can simultaneously grab attention and grab a victory.

Thank goodness, we seem to have moved past the 49ers era of having a top-gun
defense mixed with a popgun offense. But it's not as if the offense has pulled
even with the defense. There is still a large discrepancy between the two units.
After two games, the 49ers defense ranks fourth in the NFL. The 49ers offense
ranks 11th but is 28th in third-down efficiency and 24th in points scored.

What's that? You say the offensive numbers are deceptive because the offense was
so lousy in Week One at Seattle but then turned a corner on Monday against the
Saints? I beg to differ. In the most important respect -- inability to
efficiently convert scoring opportunities -- the two games were much the same.

Let's review:

In Seattle, the 49er offense was actually very impressive for the first half and
drove inside the Seahawks' 20-yard line three times "... but only scored six
total points in those three trips because bad execution stalled drives. Smith
also threw two interceptions in the game.

Against the Saints, the 49ers offense drove inside the Saints' 30-yard line six
times "... but wound up with just 22 points instead of 28 or 35 points because
of Smith's two interceptions and a fumble by Delanie Walker.

In both cases, the 49ers kept getting in their own way as they tried to reach
the end zone. So why was Week Two considered such an improvement over Week One?
Apparently, because of that fourth quarter tie-the-game drive. Smith certainly
deserves applause for that. The drive probably boosted his confidence. But it
didn't make up for the early mistakes. Not all were Smith's fault, of course.
But his first interception, when he had trouble making a tough throw to running
back Frank Gore, was preventable.

"Putting ourselves in the hole earlier in the game hurt us in the end," Smith
said. "That's how I look at it."

The 49ers also have a fundamental quirk in their offensive package that needs to
get un-quirked. Through two games, the 49ers have rushed the ball 45 times and
completed 49 passes. This is known as "balance."

But look closer at those 49 passes. Only 15 of them were caught by wide
receivers. The rest were thrown to running backs (15) or tight ends (19).

This is known as "trouble waiting to happen," because if opposing defenses don't
have to worry greatly about wide receivers doing damage, their job is a lot
easier.

Singletary said Tuesday that he was "not exactly" happy with the distribution of
passes so far. But he attributed it to the comfort level Smith currently has
with Gore and tight end Vernon Davis. Josh Morgan had eight catches on Monday,
so it's obvious the comfort is building between him and Smith. But it doesn't
exist yet with Michael Crabtree, who had just one catch Monday night after two
receptions in Seattle.

"He missed both training camps: one for the holdout, one because of injury,"
Singletary said of Crabtree. "But he's working hard to get on the same page,
working his tail off. And you know, at some point in time, he's going to be a
tremendous weapon for us."

How about Sunday in Kansas City? That would be good. The 49ers defense is going
to hold opponents to three touchdowns or less every week. It would be nice to
see Smith and his offensive pals get four or five.

In fact, for the 49ers to have a winning season, it will be mandatory.

Contact Mark Purdy at mpurdy@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5092.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           December 13, 2005 Tuesday

BYLINE: Kevin Haskin Capital-Journal

SECTION: D; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 663 words


Houston offense familiar to KU

By Kevin Haskin

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LAWRENCE --- It would be easy, especially for a Big 12 observer, to look at
Houston and compare the Cougars' spread offense to Texas Tech.

It would be especially easy considering third-year coach Art Briles spent three
seasons working for Mike Leach on the Red Raiders' staff before he took over at
Houston.

But in preparing the game plan Kansas (6-5) takes into the Fort Worth Bowl on
Dec. 23, Jayhawks coach Mark Mangino is aware of the structural differences in
the two attacks. He, too, coached with Leach once, at Oklahoma.

"There are some of the same principles, and you can see the similarities, but I
know the Tech offense because I coached in it,'' the KU coach said. "You can see
where the Tech offense probably is more conventional in their route-running,
where Houston can possibly do anything out of a formation.''

The trigger man for the Cougars, who also enter at 6-5, is junior Kevin Kolb. A
third-year starter, Kolb already owns the school record for total offense and
has thrown for 3,044 yards and 19 touchdowns this season with 12 interceptions.

But Kolb doesn't operate out of the windup all the time.

Briles coached running backs at Texas Tech and has an affinity for the ground
game. His top back, Ryan Gilbert, is a bruising 230-pound senior who gained
1,030 yards with nine touchdowns.

Briles' touches add to the complexities of the Houston attack.

"They use a variety of formations and, at times, their offense can look a little
unorthodox,'' Mangino said. "They'll double-option plays with receivers. They
like to do a lot of quick screens out of a lot of different formations and sets.
They are a difficult preparation. Our defense has been working very aggressively
in watching tape.''

That defense happens to rank 19th nationally, allowing just 308.6 yards per
game, though more than 70 percent of the yards the Jayhawks allowed came through
the air.

With that in mind, KU again must decide where All-Big 12 junior Charles Gordon
fits in best, if he fits in at all.

Mangino predicted Gordon would be available for the bowl game after leaving the
Nov. 26 win over Iowa State with his right arm in a sling. Gordon started on
offense in that game but switched to cornerback after Theo Baines was burned
repeatedly in the first quarter.

"He's doing OK. He's coming around, and he'll play. He'll be ready to go,''
Mangino said of Gordon. "I think we'll go with offense and have him ready on
defense if we need him. He'll start the game on offense.''

The same day KU became bowl-eligible by beating the Cyclones to secure a winning
record, Houston did the same by beating cross-town rival Rice, 35-18. The
Cougars then took some time off before resuming practice last Friday.

"What we're trying to do is make sure we're back right mentally as we bring
ourselves along physically,'' Briles said. "We also want to make sure that we
understand our schemes in all three phases.''

Houston will attempt to snap a five-game bowl losing streak dating to the 1980
Garden State Bowl.

Kevin Haskin can be reached

at (785) 295-1159

or kevin.haskin@cjonline.com.

Please see OFFENSE, Page 2D

Continued from Page 1D

Offense: Attack "looks unorthodox"

COMMON KNOWLEDGE OF A SCHEME

Kansas will have a good understanding of how the Houston offense works when the
teams meet Dec. 23 in the Fort Worth Bowl.

When Kansas faces Houston on Dec. 23 in the Fort Worth Bowl, KU will have a good
understanding of how the Houston offense works.

The connection: Texas Tech coach Mike Leach and Kansas coach Mark Mangino
coached together at Oklahoma. Houston coach Art Briles worked under Leach at
Texas Tech.

The difference: Mangino says the Texas Tech offense is "more conventional.
"Houston is a lot more versatile with its formations, which sometimes look
unorthodox.

What it means: The Jayhawk defense is busy studying film. Receiver-

cornerback Charles Gordon figures to play a prominent role for a unit that
sometimes struggles against the pass.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     January 23, 2003 Thursday Home Edition

Gannon is top attack's mastermind

BYLINE: KEN SUGIURA

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 726 words


San Diego --- For two years, Rick Mirer was a San Francisco 49ers backup
quarterback. From across the San Francisco Bay, he was able to observe the
Oakland Raiders and quarterback Rich Gannon.

This past offseason, Mirer himself joined the Raiders. He said it has been
interesting to spend a season inside the Raider bubble to see Gannon and the
Oakland offense up close.

"It's remarkable," Mirer said. "That's what [Gannon] is. He uses his legs, he
uses his arms, but he uses his head like nobody else."

Gannon's fifth season as a Raider, his 15th in the NFL, has been one of the best
in league history. For most of the season, he was on pace to break Dan Marino's
single-season record for passing yards. He broke the record for most completions
in a season with 418. He also set league records for most consecutive
completions in a game (21) and most 300-yard passing games (10). The Raiders
offense ranked first in the league and Gannon was league MVP.

"I know that it's pretty simple with any offense. If the quarterback plays well,
you have a chance, and if he doesn't, you probably don't have a chance," Gannon
said. "It's been that way my whole career."

No one could have predicted Gannon would be the recipient of such praise when he
joined the Raiders five years ago after 10 NFL seasons, mostly spent as a
backup. But he is deserving.

"You look at the Joe Montanas and the Steve Youngs and the Brett Favres, the
great West Coast offense quarterbacks, you definitely have to put Rich Gannon in
that category," Tampa Bay Buccaneers linebackers coach Joe Barry said.

Gannon isn't doing it by himself, obviously. Any quarterback improves when he is
throwing to Tim Brown and Jerry Rice, two future Hall of Famers, and dumping the
ball off to the underrated Charlie Garner.

But they're not dragging along Gannon, either. The Raiders' Super Bowl offense
has been an impeccable meshing of quarterback, surrounding talent and system.

"I wouldn't know how to prepare to defense [the Raiders offense]," Mirer said.
"Anything's possible."

It starts on Tuesdays, when Gannon starts looking at film on a day most NFL
players take off. Once practice begins on Wednesday, he is often the first to
arrive at the Raiders complex and the last to leave, sometimes not until 10 p.m.
When he goes home earlier, his wife, Shelley, quizzes him on plays and
formations. He was the perfect match for then-Raiders coach Jon Gruden and his
maniacal work habits.

Said Gruden, "Gannon is like a robot."

Gannon's thorough preparation is a necessity with the Raiders' playbook; it's as
voluminous as they come. What the Raiders normally do is call two or three plays
in the huddle and leave it up to Gannon to select the right one at the line of
scrimmage.

Said Rice, "There's no way I would want to be in his shoes with the way the
offense is. It's so complex and you have to memorize so much."

The Raiders' offense depends heavily on quick throws, which places a heavy
emphasis on accuracy, another Gannon strength. No quarterback completes 21
consecutive passes, however short those passes might be, without a highly
accurate arm.

Being able to play five years in the same offense has also benefited Gannon. In
each of his five seasons, his touchdown total and passer rating have risen and
his interception total has fallen.

And then there's everything else around Gannon --- Rice and Brown, a strong
offensive line, an aggressive coach in Bill Callahan.

Said the Bucs' Barry, "I think Coach Callahan does a great job of playing to the
strengths of the offense."

And the strength is Gannon.

"The offense is the way it is because of him," Mirer said. "It's evolved, but
it's evolved because of the direction he was comfortable in having it go."

This isn't to pronounce Gannon infallible. The Raiders' last loss was against
the Miami Dolphins, when Gannon was sacked five times and completed 17 of 31
passes.

The Tampa Bay defense --- the same one that humbled Mike Vick twice this season
and Donovan McNabb in the NFC title game --- is ranked first in the NFL. Tampa
Bay has handled the St. Louis Rams of Kurt Warner and Marshall Faulk better than
anyone and two weeks ago limited the potent 49ers to six points.

"This is going to be a big challenge for us, probably our biggest challenge of
the year," Gannon said.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Rich Gannon is the league MVP at age 37. / JOSE CARLOS FAJARDO /
Knight Ridder; Graphic: SUPER BOWL XXXVII

* Oakland Raiders vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers

* 6 p.m. Sunday, San Diego

* ABC

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday

New offensive coordinator Bill Musgrave expected ro run a hybrid system with
Vikings

BYLINE: By Jeremy Fowler jfowler@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Vikings

LENGTH: 647 words


Trying to name the Vikings' new offense is almost as hard as explaining the
team's bizarre 2010 season.

Adding ambiguity is coach Leslie Frazier, who said he wants his offense to "see
globally."

Under new offensive coordinator Bill Musgrave, who accepted the job Wednesday,
the Vikings' offensive identity likely will merge the West Coast offense run
under former coordinator Darrell Bevell and Musgrave's recent experiences at
Washington and Atlanta.

Musgrave spent the past five years as quarterbacks coach of the Falcons, where
offensive coordinator Mike Mularkey implemented certain blocking formations and
two-tight-end sets from his Pittsburgh Steelers days.

In 2005, Musgrave was quarterbacks coach of the Redskins, where Joe Gibbs ran a
West Coast hybrid similar to Dennis Green's Vikings schemes during the 1990s.

This new offensive amalgam is expected to utilize the Vikings' personnel
strengths -- running back Adrian Peterson and a number of pass-catching options
-- while Musgrave develops a young quarterback acquired through the draft or
2010 draftee Joe Webb, who started the final two games against Philadelphia and
Detroit.

Once the final product rolls out, Musgrave said it will "definitely be the
Minnesota Vikings system."

"One thing I believe in is minimal verbiage," said Musgrave about his offensive
philosophies. "We'll make it very streamlined; we'll make the formations easy to
learn for the guys because I believe in players playing fast. We don't want them
out there thinking what word was used for this or that."

Former Vikings quarterback Brett Favre, for one, referenced the team's bloated
West Coast playbook stunting the offensive growth in 2010 because of the
overload of terminology.

Musgrave admits he might have made the same mistakes years ago as a coach whose
last three seasons as an NFL offensive coordinator -- 2000 with Carolina and
2003-04 with Jacksonville -- produced rankings of 21st, 25th and 29th,
respectively, in scoring offense.

He said the past six years helped him learn to simplify offense and maximize the
potential of his playmakers, something Frazier advocates.

Frazier parted ways with Bevell, who was hired Thursday as Seattle's offensive
coordinator, because he wanted to make his own mark on the Vikings.

The philosophical similarities between Frazier and Musgrave could make this a
smooth transition, at least internally. Frazier, who has a defensive background,
calls the playbook "Bill's baby" and promises not to micromanage either side of
the ball.

"Sometimes you can get so tied up in a system that you don't see the forest
through the trees," Frazier said. "It was important to me that he understood the
importance of utilizing the strengths of our players on offense. (Musgrave) was
able to exemplify that in our conversation."

The West Coast roots should help the Vikings transition into a new offense amid
an impending NFL lockout in March.

Frazier's success with the Vikings largely could hinge on decisions to pursue a
quarterback in the next six months.

The Vikings could sign a veteran free agent to command the offense until a young
quarterback -- likely chosen through April's NFL draft -- is ready to take over.

Molding that position into a winner is where Musgrave, who helped Matt Ryan
become a Pro Bowler in Atlanta, will make his money.

"Knowing our situation, knowing how important this draft is going to be in our
being able to hopefully develop a young quarterback, our goal is to secure that
position and find a guy, hopefully, that we can build our organization around,"
Frazier said. "So, with that being the case, why not go after the guy who has a
proven track record and had success in doing that? It played a major factor."

Musgrave embraces the work ahead of him.

"It's a challenging task, but it won't be the first time that I've attacked that
type of a challenge, so I'm looking forward to that," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  June 18, 1996, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
Kaczynski indictment expected

BYLINE: From our news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 05A

LENGTH: 493 words


Unabomber suspect Theodore Kaczynski is expected to be indicted today in
Sacramento, Calif., charging the 54-year-old former math professor with crimes
related to the 18-year-long series of bombings.

Arrested April 3 at his Montana cabin, Kaczynski so far has only been charged
with a federal count of possessing bomb-making materials.

Two of the three deadly Unabomb attacks took place in Sacramento - one in 1985
and one in 1995. The later killing could allow prosecutors to seek the federal
death penalty, which was revived in 1994.

ANIMALS Manatee on the move

Chessie, the manatee with a mission, is headed north for the third time in as
many years. Chessie is moving up the East Coast, according to satellite readings
from his radio transmitter. He passed the Florida- Georgia border on Wednesday
and was somewhere north of Brunswick, Ga., said Bob Bonde, a manatee biologist
with the federal government's National Biological Service in Gainesville, Fla.

Activists to clash

Animal-rights activists converging on Washington for a celebrity- studded week
of publicity events have run into a major counterinsurgency by AIDS and other
patient groups saying opposition to animal testing is threatening human life and
technological progress.

DNA to the rescue

In what researchers say would be the first use of ancient DNA in a recovery plan
for an endangered species, scientists are proposing that a duck known only from
the tiny island of Laysan be introduced to other Hawaiian islands where fossil
bones containing its DNA have been found.

SPACE Shuttle weather woes

A crew of seven astronauts arrived in Cape Canaveral, Fla., from Houston, primed
for an extended science flight beginning Thursday aboard space shuttle Columbia.
But Florida's capricious summer thunderstorms and other schedule pressures,
including the launch of a spy satellite, may force a delay to July 5.

ENTERTAINMENT Class action OK'd

A federal judge ruled that a sweeping lawsuit against seven major movie studios
can proceed, raising the possibility that Hollywood's peculiar accounting
practices will be scrutinized in open court. U.S. District Judge Robert Takasugi
gave class-action status to parts of a lawsuit filed by the estate of Jim
Garrison, whose book was the basis for the 1991 movie "JFK." Garrison's heirs
claim they still haven't seen a dollar of net profits income from the movie but
should have been paid more than $ 1 million.

COURTS Wedding made it legal

Prosecutors in Houston dropped a sexual assault charge against a 22- year- old
man who fathered the baby of a teenage girl initially believed to be a
10-year-old runaway. The catalyst was a ruling that Adela Quintana, 14, and
Pedro Sotelo, an illegal Mexican immigrant, had been legally wed under Texas
laws governing common-law marriages. State District Judge Mary Craft also ruled
that Adela's pregnancy at age 13 was a result of consensual sex.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gary Thompson sits on sandbags in front of his Ames, Iowa,
 convenience store Monday morning as flood waters from the Squaw Creek
 move closer to his front door. / CHARLIE NEIBERGALL / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             January 3, 2016 Sunday

Clemson attack to test 'Bama D;
Crimson Tide have struggled vs. spread offenses

BYLINE: Paul Myerberg

SECTION: ; Pg. ZS1

LENGTH: 518 words


Deshaun Watson (4) is a dangerous dual-threat quarterback.

With one College Football Playoff opponent defeated, Alabama will next turn to
top-ranked Clemson, whose spread-based offense should test a defense unfazed by
Michigan State's meat-and-potatoes philosophy.

For all of its strengths, the Spartans' offensive style - and decision to huddle
between plays

- played into Alabama's hands.

Clemson won't be so kind. The scheme by co-coordinators Jeff Scott and Tony
Elliott runs at breakneck pace, pushing the ball and tempo to try to keep
defenses off balance. It works: Clemson has won 17 in a row, the longest winning
streak in college football.

"We have a great rushing game and a great passing game. So if you want to stop
the rushing game, then we can pass the ball," quarterback Deshaun Watson said.
"You want to stop the pass, then we can rush the ball. It doesn't really matter
what the defense does."

This was seen against Oklahoma, which led by a point at halftime Thursday but
fell under Clemson's offensive barrage in the second half. Clemson has gained at
least 500 yards of offense in each of its past 10 games.

Alabama has seen similar offenses in and out of Southeastern Conference play.
But if it does have a weakness on defense, it's spread offenses. Ohio State,
Auburn, Mississippi and Texas A&M gave the Crimson Tide trouble.

"It's our job to stop them," Alabama defensive end Jonathan Allen said. "No
matter what they throw at us, it's our job to be prepared and be ready for it."

The national championship might come down to this: Whether Clemson can find weak
spots in Alabama's defensive armor with its quick-strike offense, or whether the
extra time to prepare will give the Tide time to develop a scheme capable of
stopping Watson and the Tigers.

To prepare for Clemson, the Crimson Tide will attempt to replicate the Tigers'
speed and pace in practice, Alabama defensive line D.J. Pettway said.

"We practice different," he said. "We do more fast-paced stuff. I feel like
we're in pretty good shape. And the good thing is we get to rotate."

Yet Alabama can feel secure in a key advantage: No team in the country can match
the Tide's depth along the defensive line.

Clemson's offensive front has been a pleasant surprise. Only one starter
returned from last season, senior center Ryan Norton, who has been slowed by
injuries. A true freshman, Mitch Hyatt, has started at left tackle.

Despite the youth and inexperience, the Tigers' line has stood tall against
Notre Dame, Florida State, Oklahoma and the rest, protecting prized asset Watson
and opening lanes for sophomore running back Wayne Gallman.

Alabama's defensive front will provide a different test. Clemson sees this sort
of production each day in practice with its own defensive line, which features
an All-America pick in junior end Shaq Lawson; Alabama's line is even better and
might very well be the key to a title for the Tide.

Said Clemson linebacker Ben Boulware: "There's going to be 11 guys in front of
us. We don't care what the name is on the back of their jersey. Our goal is to
beat them every snap."

Contributing: Daniel Uthman

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 18, 2010 Monday

SEMINOLES REPORT CARD

BYLINE: GARRY SMITS

SECTION: Pg. C-9

LENGTH: 281 words


OFFENSE

F

QB Christian Ponder had one of his worst days and personally delivered the 10
go-ahead points to Boston College in the fourth quarter with turnovers on
back-to-back possessions. Ponder threw for only 170 yards and had three
interceptions and a lost fumble against the worst pass defense in the ACC. The
running game wasn't any great shakes, as the Seminoles dipped below 200 yards
rushing for the first time in five games.

DEFENSE

A

Boston College had only 266 total yards, and 171 of them were by running back
Montel Harris, a former Trinity Christian standout - and he got 72 of those
yards on the first play of the game. After that, the Eagles were lost on offense
as FSU had three sacks and held anyone not named Montel Harris to a combined
minus-20 yards total offense. BC had only 67 yards total offense in the second
half, and scored its 10 fourth-quarter points by generating only 25 yards of
offense.

SPECIAL TEAMS

B

Quietly, FSU is putting together one of its best seasons in recent memory for
punt and kickoff return coverage. On a day when field position meant everything,
punter Shaun Powell averaged 50.4 yards on five punts.

INTANGIBLES

C

The bad news is that the Seminoles took an inferior team lightly after four
solid performances since the loss to Oklahoma and it almost cost them. The good
news is that there was never a sense of panic and the coaching staff did a good
job in the second half patching together a victory when the offense was
sputtering through a terrible game.

SCOUTING THE OPPONENT

B

The Seminoles are off Saturday but play N.C. State in Raleigh on Oct. 28. That
game could decide the Atlantic Division champion and a spot in the ACC
championship game.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 17, 1991, Tuesday, City Edition

No longer the playground; now it's a battleground

BYLINE: JOHN D. McKINNON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 579 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



When Jason Harless killed an assistant principal and wounded two others in a
Pinellas Park high school lunchroom three years ago, it was in the headlines for
months.

       But serious crimes are committed every day in schools all over Florida. A
first-ever study released Monday shows that crime and violence permeate the
state's schools.

       The report shows that in 1990-91:

        School officials seized 456 firearms and 2,520 other weapons from
students.

        Students, teachers and police reported more than 1,000 sex offenses,
including 217 sexual batteries.

        More than 19,000 assaults occurred. In all, 46,088 so-called "major"
offenses were reported, including arson, robbery and homicide. Divided among the
students in the 63 counties that provided information, that's one major offense
for every 38 young people in one year.

       "What astounded me was the sheer number of incidents," said Pat Tornillo,
a teachers union representative whose organization helped put the study
together.

       "Is there the possibility your child could be assaulted? . . . The answer
is yes," said John Gaines, a representative of the state organization of school
superintendents, which also helped conduct the study. "(And) if people don't
feel their schools are safe . . . that's even a bigger problem."

       Tornillo and others involved in the study say they think crime and
violence are on the upswing in schools.

       Other observers agreed in part. Violence does appear to be increasing,
several said.

       "It's just a willingness of youngsters to look at violent solutions to
their problems," said Ronald Stephens, executive director of the National School
Safety Center in California. "They're just very willing to fight about it."

       Violence is a big problem for children, both in school and out.
Teen-agers are 10 times more likely to be victims of violent crime than their
grandparents. And more than 10 percent of all violent crimes in 1989 occurred in
school buildings or on school grounds, said Jean O'Neil, director of research
and policy analysis for the National Crime Prevention Council.

      "It's really astonishing," she said.

      But Stephens and others said they think crime in schools is heading down.
"Overall, the amount of school crime on a national basis is decreasing in terms
of the number of incidents," he said.

    "But the part that's increasing is the assault portion."

       Other observers said increased reporting might account for some of the
figures.

       "I think administrators now are not so embarrassed to have to report
these things," said Jim Corbin, president of the National Association of School
Resource Officers and a school officer at William R. Boone High School in
Orlando. "I think in the long run schools are still safe and secure."

       Gov. Lawton Chiles and Education Commissioner Betty Castor expressed
concern over Monday's statistics. A spokeswoman for Castor agreed that more
uniform reporting of school crime statistics is needed.

       But many proposals to reduce violence don't stand much of a chance of
being adopted with the state embarking on new budget cuts.

       "That's going to be difficult to pull off, at least with current
resources," said Assistant Education Commissioner Laurey Stryker.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             October 1, 2007 Monday

Purdy: Problems with 49ers' offense go beyond Smith

BYLINE: By Mark Purdy Mercury News Sports Columnist

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Football; Columnists; 49ers; Sports

LENGTH: 882 words


Sunday's glaring lesson: Alex Smith is not the problem with the 49ers' offense.

We know this because after the game's third play, Smith was not with the 49ers'
offense at all. Instead, Smith was on his way to the X-ray machine. He had a
separated shoulder. Backup quarterback Trent Dilfer took over against the
Seattle Seahawks.

And maybe you noticed: Dilfer was plagued by the same demons Smith encountered
in the first three games. Penalties stymied drives. Dilfer was sacked five
times. The offensive line couldn't pick up Seattle's rushing stunts. And as the
running game stalled, rushes only came faster. Under pressure, Dilfer threw two
interceptions. When he did make decent throws, his receivers dropped too many
passes.

Other than that, you'd have to say that the 49ers' offense looked almost exactly
like the Indianapolis Colts' offense.

"We're not together," running back Frank Gore said after the 23-3 defeat.
"That's what is going on right now."

Or rather, what is not going on. Because this offense is a mess. Sunday's total
of 184 yards was the 49ers' lowest of the year.

Is it the coaching? Is it new offensive coordinator Jim Hostler? Nope, said
Dilfer, who at 35 is working for his fifth NFL team.

"The play-calling has been fine," Dilfer said. "I've been around bad
play-calling. This isn't bad play-calling. . . . We have a wonderful offensive
staff. We are very prepared going into each game. It's probably the cleanest
offense I've ever been in, in terms of organization and answers . . . tools in
the tool box, so to speak."

Perhaps, then, it is the people who are being handed those tools.

As much as we've praised the Scarlet Heroes of Yore for bringing in defensive
talent and spending money to improve that side of the ball, you now have to
question the decisions that were made concerning the offensive depth chart.

What about that $2 million signing bonus the 49ers paid for free-agent receiver
Ashley Lelie, hoping he would be a deep threat? He's hardly on the field and has
yet to catch a pass.

What about the trade for Darrell Jackson, another receiver? Again Sunday he made
no impact, with three catches for 38 yards, as the 49ers never made it into the
Seattle red zone.

What about the offensive line? The personnel hasn't changed much, but maybe
those guys fooled us a year ago when they carved out holes for Gore to run
through.

In fairness, the 49ers' defense hasn't been flawless. But it has played well
enough. Ten of Seattle's points were set up by Dilfer interceptions. That means
the 49ers' defense was responsible for giving up just 13 points. A team with a
good offense easily beats the Seahawks. The 49ers, not so much.

It raises the question: What did Coach Mike Nolan think the offense would look
like, anyway?

"I thought we would be able to come out and run the ball better," Nolan said.
"We haven't done that. But you can't have a good running game if you don't have
some passes working as well."

Dilfer, when asked the same thing, elaborated on that theme.

"I thought we'd play downhill more," the quarterback said. "I thought we'd have
better down-and-distance situations. I thought we'd have great balance. And
because of that, we'd be in a lot of downs where we were putting pressure on the
defense. Instead, we've put ourselves in situations where the pressure is on the
offense. It's a hard way to play this game. You know, all those teams that are
on fire right now offensively, they're not doing it on third-and-nine."

Right. And that has been the toughest thing to figure out: Where are those gains
of 6 or 7 yards by Gore on first and second down?

To be sure, opponents know the 49ers will be handing him the ball early and
often. But opponents knew that at the end of last season, too; and in three of
the final four games last season he gained more than 100 yards. This year, Gore
is averaging 63 yards per game. He hasn't once topped 100 yards.

Of course, you can't fire an entire offense in the middle of the season. So the
49ers must hope the answers are on the practice field or in the video room.
Could Smith come back and start next week? You wouldn't think so. But don't rule
it out.

"I've had maybe 10 separated shoulders," Dilfer said. "And I think with all but
one, I've played the next week. But of course, I don't know how bad this one
was."

It was bad. Very bad. Smith's throwing mechanism wasn't so much separated as it
was squashed and disintegrated when the 308 pounds of Seattle's Rocky Bernard
landed on top of Smith and jammed his right shoulder directly into the ground.
He left Monster Park without speaking to the press, but the team released the
following quotes: "It's frustrating. . . . I don't know the full extent of the
injury. I'll find out in the morning."

Nolan said he would not know how long Smith is out until the MRI exams and other
medical reports are completed this morning. But when asked if Smith will start
next week against Baltimore, Nolan conceded: "Probably not."

So it's going to be Dilfer for a while, it seems. If that matters, given the
state of the offense. Smith mangled his shoulder, but the 49ers mangled any
notion that the offense was making progress and that a playoff spot this season
was realistic. That was the truth. And the truth hurt.

Contact Mark Purdy at mpurdy@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5092.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: San Francisco 49ers head coach Mike Nolan walks the sidelines during
their game against the Seattle Seahawks in fourth quarter at Monster Park in San
Francisco, Calif. on Sunday, September 30, 2007. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)
San Francisco 49ers Darrell Jackson, No. 82, is tackled after making a catch
against Seattle Seahawks Lofa Tatupu, No. 51, in second quarter at Monster Park
in San Francisco, Calif. on Sunday, September 30, 2007. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury
News)
San Francisco 49ers Derek Smith, No. 50, reacts to just missing an interception
against the Seattle Seahawks in first quarter at Monster Park in San Francisco,
Calif. on Sunday, September 30, 2007. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)
San Francisco 49ers Trent Dilfer, No. 12, throws against the Seattle Seahawks in
third quarter at Monster Park in San Francisco, Calif. on Sunday, September 30,
2007. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)
49ers free safety Mark Roman, right, misses tackling wide receiver Deion Branch
of Seattle in the second quarter in San Francisco, Calif. on Sunday September
30, 2007. Seattle won 23-3. (Nader Khouri/Contra Costa Times)
San Francisco 49ers Frank Gore, No. 21, runs against Seattle Seahawks LeRoy
Hill, No. 56, and Lofa Tatupu, No. 51, in third quarter at Monster Park in San
Francisco, Calif. on Sunday, September 30, 2007. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Top D has edge, former QB says; Defence wins more often

BYLINE: HOWARD FENDRICH, The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 342 words


Joe Theismann knows how it feels to bring the NFL's most prolific offence into
the Super Bowl and leave with a loss.

The former Washington quarterback also knows how difficult it can be to deal
with a defence designed by Bill Belichick.

So Theismann has a couple of thoughts about what could happen in the Super Bowl
on Feb. 5, when Belichick's New England Patriots, who allowed the fewest points
during the regular season (15.6 per game), face QB Matt Ryan, wideout Julio
Jones and the rest of the Atlanta Falcons, who scored the most points (an
average of 33.8).

This is the 51st Super Bowl, and the seventh featuring the No. 1 offence against
the No. 1 defence; the "D" is 5-1 in the previous six.

Also, the past seven times a season's top offence was in the Super Bowl, it went
2-5, while the past seven times a top defence vied for the Lombardi Trophy, it
went 5-2. Why is that? "On offence, just generally speaking, there are more
things that can go wrong than can on the defensive side of the ball," Theismann
said.

He won the Super Bowl in 1983 and lost it the following year after having
directed Washington to a then-record 541 points in the regular season. One of
Washington's NFC East rivals was the New York Giants, where Belichick was the
defensive coordinator during the 1985-90 seasons.

"A lot of offences go through one or two players, and so a defence - and Bill is
great at this - will focus on a particular player or a particular concept and
that's where they will make sure to stop the opponent," Theismann said.

"You can't really do the same thing on offence and say, 'Who do we want to go
after?' It's tough to pick out one person.

"You're not going to isolate on a particular linebacker or a corner.

"There is just less susceptibility to that on defence."

In New England's 36-17 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers in the AFC title
game last weekend, the Patriots made sure to limit Steelers star receiver
Antonio Brown.

His catches amounted to only 77 yards, with no touchdowns. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Montreal Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

News of Record: Dec. 9

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437  words


NEWS OF RECORD

COUNTY JAIL DOCKET

Derrick Bostic, 45, Palm Coast, out-of-county warrant (2); Alicia Collins, 41,
Palm Coast, tampering with a witness, resisting arrest without violence, battery
domestic violence; Austin Davis, 21, Clearwater, returned for court; Anthony
Eason, 34, Jacksonville, felony driving with a suspended driver's license with
knowledge; Mandy Estrella, 37, Palm Coast, sale of hydromorphone; Twhan Johnson,
26, Palm Coast, sale of hydromorphone; Hung Nguyen, 35, Palm Coast, domestic
battery by strangulation; Bryan Plummer, 45, Palm Coast, violation of probation
felony offense; Clayton Prinkey, 33, Bunnell, violation of probation felony
offense; Carrie Reiter, 33, Daytona Beach, returned for court; Margaret
Rockwell, 31, New Port Richey, Fla., violation of probation felony offense;
Thomas Sanders, 27, Bunnell, sentenced to Department of Corrections in court;
Daniel Sofchak, 58, Flagler Beach, aggravated battery/ domestic violence;
Matthew Valliere, 32, St. Augustine, violation of probation felony offense;
Vicki Walker, 34, Palm Coast, possession of a controlled substance; Joseph
Westervelt, 21, Palm Coast, aggravated battery on a pregnant woman, aggravated
battery/domestic violence.

SUITS

Bank of America NA v. Real Estate Solutions Home Sellers LLC, real property.
U.S. Bank Trust NA v. Angela and Michael Anest, real property. Ditech Financial
LLC v. Dennis and Gloria Dumas, real property. Wilmington Savings Fund Society
FSB v. Yuliva Harachava, real property. Conservatory Property Owners Association
Inc. v.: Wafaa Jamil and Sal Kesto, real property; Roger Linville, real
property; Peter Giaquinto Jr., real property. Alisa Shuster v. Angelina
Forte-Walker and Robert Walker, real property. Condominiums at Yacht Harbor
Village Condominium Association Inc. v. MP Property Design Inc., real property.
Deutsche Bank National Trust Co. v. Darrell Shell and Chelsea Washington, real
property.

LIENS

City of Palm Coast v.: Angela Coy, $511; Benjamin Washington, $489. Surf Club
Condominium Association Inc. v. Janet Crain, $13,491. Gregg Ballschmieder v.
Claudia Hale and Stoughton Homes, $2,900.

TAX LIENS

Internal Revenue Service v. Anthony Neal, $10,078.

MARRIAGES

Amy Velasquez and Ron Albert, both of Palm Coast. Stephen Chapman and Rebekah
Hunter, both of Jacksonville. Joseph Gazdzik and Vera Skliar, both of Palm
Coast. Ira Davis Jr. and Vaneque Thomas, both of Palm Coast. Christopher
Anderson and Skylar Endres, both of Wilmington, N.C. Carli Cipolla and Addison
Wieda, both of Palm Coast.

DISSOLUTIONS

Holly v. John Kusek. Rachel Roy-Heatwole v. Travis Heatwole. Rickie v. Amanda
Quillen.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2015 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2015 News-Journal Corporation


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 27, 2015 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Turnovers not problem for offense;
Three-game streak without a giveaway is first for program.

BYLINE:  By Tom D'Angelo   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 600 words


While Florida State's offense continues to work through its growing pains, one
area has seen a big improvement.

The Seminoles have yet to turn over the ball on offense, its only giveaway
through the first three games coming on a muffed punt in the opener against
Texas State. The Seminoles are the only team in the ACC without an offensive
turnover.

"That's your No. 1 job," coach Jimbo Fisher said.

A year ago, the Seminoles had 32 turnovers, more than all but one of the 125 FBS
teams. New Mexico State had 34. Florida State lost 12 fumbles (three of those
were on special teams) and its quarterbacks threw 20 interceptions, led by
Jameis Winston's 18.

The three-game streak without an offensive turnover is a first in FSU history, a
stretch covering 69 years and 782 games.

While Everett Golson's introduction to Fisher's offense has had its bumps, he
has handled the ball 93 times (75 pass attempts, 18 rushes) without a turnover.

After throwing 14 interceptions and losing eight fumbles last season at Notre
Dame, Golson's ability to protect the football was one of the biggest concerns
when he transferred to Florida State.

Although Golson has not been made available to the media since the season
started, he was asked during the team's media day in August about the turnover
bug that plagued him in 2014.

"I got that straight," he said. "I'll leave it at that."

Golson, who has thrown six TD passes, is 29th nationally with a passing
efficiency rating of 155.8.

And although it has protected the ball, so far, the offense has other issues to
work out.

After the offense accounted for just one score -- on an 83-yard drive to start
the game -- and 217 yards of total offense against Boston College, Fisher
continued to say the Seminoles are a work in progress.

"We're going to have to get better all year," he said. "I knew that."

The problem in the first half two weeks ago against South Florida was more
Golson looking uncomfortable and out of sync while missing open receivers.

The biggest issue against Boston College last Friday was an offensive line that
was dominated by the Eagles' front seven.

Golson was on the run all game, rarely having the luxury to sit in the pocket
and go through his progressions.

"We've got to get better up front so we can find our true identity," Fisher
said.

While Golson was sacked twice, he avoided at least two others with his
athleticism, including a highlight reel play in which he spun out of two tackles
in the end zone and picked up 14 yards. If he had been sacked for a safety, the
entire tone of the game could have changed.

Fisher was asked about Golson's difficulities with running the zone read. Golson
did not look comfortable when given the option, often making the wrong decision
with the football.

The biggest red flag came on back-to-back plays late in the game when Golson had
the option of handing the ball to Dalvin Cook or pulling it back. Both times he
handed off and Cook was immediately smothered for a loss of 4 yards and a loss
of 5.

"The quarterback should have pulled it," Fisher said.

Fisher said this week he was happy with the way Golson remained calm and did not
get frustrated.

"At times I thought he played an outstanding first half," Fisher said. "The
second half I thought there was a couple plays that I wish we could have made
and we left some plays on the field. ... If we quit doing that in practice, I
think we'll quit doing that in the game."

No. 10 Florida State (3-0, 1-0 ACC) returns to action next Saturday with a 3:30
p.m. game at Wake Forest.

tdangelo@pbpost.com Twitter: @tomdangelo44

next game

FSU at Wake Forest, 3:30 p.m. Saturday

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           September 6, 2005 Tuesday

Seminoles' new offense looks a lot like old one;
Despite victory over Miami, FSU's unit shows few signs of life.

BYLINE: JASON SCHNEIDER

SECTION: Pg. C-5

LENGTH: 385 words


TALLAHASSEE -- New quarterback. New offensive line coach. New blocking scheme.
New formations.

New offense? Not so much.

Despite the outcome, a 10-7 Florida State victory over Miami, the Seminoles
offense showed little difference between the one that at time struggled to score
points in previous seasons and this one.

"It wasn't pretty, that's for sure," FSU coach Bobby Bowden said of his offense.
"We've got some things to iron out."

After the end of the 2004 season, Bowden promised an offense that would attack
more and bring back memories of the high-powered attack that was the hallmark of
the FSU program.

Offensive line coach Jimmy Heggins was fired and FSU brought in Mark McHale, the
offensive coordinator at Marshall. McHale instituted an a zone-blocking scheme
that Marshall used in its high-octane offense.

New formations with more motion and a backfield that would use running backs
Lorenzo Booker and Leon Washington at the same time were instituted.

But against Miami on Monday night, there was little of the new and a lot of the
old. FSU ran the ball 24 times in the first half and attempted to pass it 12
times.

FSU's play-calling was still conservative near the goal line. Following a Kyler
Hall interception that gave FSU the ball at the Miami 29 early in the first
quarter, the Seminoles ran the ball four consecutive times after a Weatherford
incompletion on the first play following the interception.

In the second quarter, following a punt block, which gave FSU the ball at the
Miami 1, the Seminoles called three running plays into the middle of the Miami
defensive line. FSU lost a yard on each rush and, after an illegal procedure
penalty, settled for Gary Cismesia's 26-yard field-goal attempt that went wide
left.

Weatherford didn't do much to show that he was capable taking on more of the
offensive responsibilities.

He frequently missed open receivers and threw a interception when he tried to
squeeze a pass into double coverage.

Weatherford was just 7 for 24 when he was pulled in favor of Xavier Lee in the
fourth quarter. Weatherford's longest pass completion was 23 yards, but the play
was a screen pass to Booker, who accounted for nearly all of those yards.

"Our quarterbacks couldn't hit a receiver," Bowden said. "It's as simple as
that."

jason.schneider@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4039

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
RICK WILSON/The Times-Union Florida State starting quarterback Drew Weatherford
throws an incompletion while being pressured by the Miami defense during the
second quarter Monday night in Tallahassee.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

Football faces No. 7 ranked Southern Oregon in NAIA FCS on Saturday

LENGTH: 613 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salina: Kansas Wesleyan University has issued the following news release:



  The Kansas Wesleyan Football team opens its run in the 2015 NAIA Football
Championship Series on Saturday against No. 7 ranked and defending National
Champion Southern Oregon on Saturday in Ashland, Oregon. Kickoff from Raider
Stadium is scheduled for 6 p.m. Central Time.





 WAYS TO LISTEN, WATCH AND FOLLOW

 Saturday's game will be streamed live online on the Coyote Sports Network
powered by Stretch Internet (portal.stretchinternet.com/kwu). Southern Oregon
will be producing the stream that is available pay-per-view for $7.95. The
Coyote Sports Network student broadcasters will also be providing extended
coverage of the game on the KWU YouTube page (www.youtube.com/kwucoyotes). Mike
Hammett, the Voice of the Coyotes, will broadcast the game live on FM 104.9 in
the Salina area and online at ksal.com, the Official Broadcast Partner of Kansas
Wesleyan Athletics.





 The game will also be streamed live at SpeakEasy, 2030 South Ohio, in Salina.





 Game updates will also be posted on Twitter (@kwucoyotes).





 LOOKING AT KANSAS WESLEYAN

 Kansas Wesleyan is making its first appearance in the NAIA FCS since 2002. The
Coyotes earned an at-large berth into the FCS after finishing the regular season
with a 10-1 record. Second year head coach Matt Drinkall has led the Coyotes to
a remarkable turnaround, going from 2-9 a year ago to a school record ten wins
this season.





 The high-powered Kansas Wesleyan offense leads the KCAC in scoring offense
(39.8) and in total offense (518.4). The Coyotes rank No. 4 in the NAIA in total
offense and total points scored (538). Wesleyan's defense ranks No. 9 in the
country in scoring defense (16.7) and No. 21 in total defense (339.2).





 Jake Curran (SR/Garden City, Kan.), who was named the KCAC Player of the Year
earlier this week ranks No. 2 in the NAIA in total offense (3556, 323.3) and in
passing yards (3242) and No. 4 in passing yards per game (294.7). He also ranks
No. 6 in the NAIA in pass efficiency rating (160.4).





 Wesleyan's defense has ascended from one of the worst in the NAIA a year ago,
to one of the best this season. The Coyotes are led defensively by Tanner
Ranieri (JR/Seneca, Kan.) with 71 tackles. Marcus Bradley (SR/Dallas, Texas) is
second on the team with 70 tackles and veteran Matt Myers (SR/Salina, Kan.) has
68 stops on the season. Tyrone Wright (SR/Wichita, Kan.) ranks No. 5 in the NAIA
with five interceptions and Michael Guerrero (JR/Amarillo, Texas) has four picks
on the season.





 LOOKING AT SOUTHERN OREGON

 The Raiders are 8-2 overall on the season and are a year removed from the NAIA
National Championship in 2014. SOU's only two losses on the season came to
Carroll (Mont.) in the season opener and to Montana Tech two weeks ago.





 Southern Oregon's offense is equally potent to Kansas Wesleyan's as the Raiders
rank No. 6 in the NAIA in scoring offense (43.1) and No. 8 in total offense
(483). The Raiders have a balanced offensive attack averaging 251.7 passing
yards and 231.3 rushing yards per game.





 Tanner Trosin averages 169.2 yards passing per game and is completing 61.4
percent of his passes on the season. Melvin Mason is SOU's top rusher, averaging
67.9 yards per game, but Trosin averages 63.9 yards per game as well.





 Julius Rucker leads SOU's defense with 76 tables while Karrington Jones has
five interceptions on the year. The Raiders rank No. 15 in the country in total
sacks with 29.5 and rank No. 26 in scoring defense (24.3) and No. 48 in total
defense (387.4).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 10, 2002, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION

Offense beating defense, so far

BYLINE: G.E. Branch III

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 325 words

Offenses made road kill of conventional wisdom en route to the end zone during
the NFL's opening weekend.

Scoring through the first 15 games of the season averaged 49.6 total points a
game, going into Monday night's Pittsburgh-New England matchup. The record
average for opening weekends is 47.3 set in 1999.


The prevailing notion is that defenses always are ahead of offenses in execution
and production early in the season. Offenses have the more complex schemes of
the two units, theoretically requiring more time to jell.

That gap may be closing.

"I think part of what happens is that your (starting) defense doesn't play a lot
in the preseason," said Green Bay coach Mike Sherman, whose Packers edged the
Atlanta Falcons 37-34 in overtime Sunday.

Green Bay's defense has four new starters.

And time will straighten all this out, believes Denver Broncos defensive
coordinator Ray Rhodes.

In one of the games that seemed a candidate to be among the higher scoring this
weekend, Rhodes' team defeated the high-powered St. Louis Rams 23-16.

"Opening day," Rhodes succinctly summed up the prolific scoring around the
league. "It will tighten back up."

History backs him up, plus it's not like there wasn't good defense being played
in Week 1.

Twelve teams, including the usually productive San Francisco and Philadelphia
offenses, were held below the benchmark 300 yards, and only four teams (Detroit,
Baltimore, Cincinnati, Oakland) failed to force turnovers.

The bottom line is that if you want to really know why scoring is up, just ask a
defensive player.

Washington Redskins linebacker Jessie Armstead, a 10-year veteran who has played
in five Pro Bowls, says that rules changes always favor the offense.

"The league wants it to be an offensive game," Armstead said. "The whole league
is designed for points."

Contributing: Skip Wood, Richard Weiner, Larry Weisman

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Mark Duncan, AP; Rack up another six: Chiefs running back
Priest Holmes runs for a touchdown Sunday in a game that saw a combined 79
points.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                          September 22, 2010 Wednesday

Mark Purdy: 49ers need balance on offense

BYLINE: Mark Purdy On the 49ers

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 862 words


A ccording to his coach, Alex Smith played the best game of his 49ers life
Monday night.

Maybe so. But the team still lost.

Therein lies a lesson. And the lesson is: The 49ers' offense still needs to do
better. Much, much better. Just because Smith looked confident leading a
fourth-quarter comeback to tie the score doesn't mean the 49ers' issues are
cleared up.

The good news is, Smith gets the lesson.

As he left the locker room Monday, I asked the 49ers quarterback if the 25-22
loss to New Orleans on the game's final play felt the same to him as last
season's punch-in-the-gut loss at Minnesota on a Brett Favre pass in the final
seconds.

"No, this is something different," Smith said. "At Minnesota, I think we led the
whole way and lost it at the end. So I think that was more devastating. In this
game, most of our self-inflicted wounds happened early. ... We had all those
chances in the red zone or near the red zone but had turnovers, so we only wound
up with 22 points. We feel like we should have had more."

Correct, correct and correct. But what are Smith and the 49ers going to do about
it? Their next game is at Kansas City inside Arrowhead Stadium, one of the NFL's
loudest venues. And there are no carryover points from Smith's
attention-grabbing, fourth-quarter performance. This year's 49ers offense still
has not proved it can simultaneously grab attention and grab a victory.

Thank goodness, we seem to have moved past the 49ers era of having a top-gun
defense mixed with a popgun offense. But it's not as if the offense has pulled
even with the defense. There is still a large discrepancy between the two units.
After two games, the 49ers' defense ranks fourth in the NFL. The 49ers' offense
ranks 11th, but it is 28th in third-down efficiency and the team is 24th in
points scored.

What's that? You say the offensive numbers are deceptive because the 49ers'
offense was so lousy in Week 1 at Seattle but then turned a corner Monday
against the Saints? I beg to differ. In the most important respect   inability
to efficiently convert scoring opportunities   the two games were much the same.

Let's review:

In Seattle, the 49ers offense was actually very impressive for the first half
and drove inside the Seahawks' 20-yard line three times ... but only scored six
total points in those three trips because bad execution stalled drives. Smith
also threw two interceptions in the game.

Against the Saints, the 49ers' offense drove inside the Saints' 30-yard line six
times ... but wound up with just 22 points instead of 28 or 35 points because of
Smith's two interceptions and a fumble by Delanie Walker.

In both cases, the 49ers kept getting in their own way as they tried to reach
the end zone. So why was Week 2 considered such an improvement over Week 1?
Apparently because of that fourth quarter tie-the-score drive. Smith certainly
deserves applause for that. The drive probably boosted his confidence. But it
didn't make up for the early mistakes. Not all were Smith's fault, of course.
You can't blame him for the ball that was snapped by David Baas so high over
Smith's head that it almost interfered with SFO plane traffic.

But his first interception, when he had trouble making a tough throw to running
back Frank Gore, was preventable.

"Putting ourselves in the hole earlier in the game hurt us in the end," Smith
said. "That's how I look at it."

The 49ers also have a fundamental quirk in their offensive package that needs to
get un-quirked. Through two games, the 49ers have rushed the ball 45 times and
completed 49 passes. This is known as "balance."

But look closer at those 49 passes. Only 15 were caught by wide receivers. The
rest were thrown to running backs (15) or tight ends (19).

This is known as "trouble waiting to happen," because if opposing defenses don't
have to worry greatly about wide receivers doing damage, their job is a lot
easier.

Singletary said Tuesday that he was "not exactly" happy with the distribution of
passes so far. But he attributed it to the comfort level Smith has with Gore and
tight end Vernon Davis. Josh Morgan had eight catches Monday, so it's obvious
the comfort is building between him and Smith. But it doesn't exist yet with
Michael Crabtree, who had just one catch Monday after two receptions in Seattle.

Gore and Davis are the 49ers' two best offensive players, so the ball must touch
their fingers more often. But for points to happen consistently, Crabtree must
be involved consistently. It is clear that his absence from many summer-camp
practices with a neck injury was a more significant factor than first imagined.

"He missed both training camps: one for the holdout, one because of injury,"
Singletary said of Crabtree. "But he's working hard to get on the same page,
working his tail off. And you know, at some point in time, he's going to be a
tremendous weapon for us."

How about Sunday in Kansas City? That would be good. The 49ers' defense is going
to hold opponents to three touchdowns or fewer every week. It would be nice to
see Smith and his offensive pals get four or five.

In fact, for the 49ers to have a winning season, it will be mandatory.

Mark Purdy is a San Jose Mercury News columnist.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           November 20, 2003 Thursday

Dorrell's not ready to shelve offense;
While disappointed, he is not surprised his Bruins have been slow adjusting to
it.

BYLINE: By ROBERT KUWADA , The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


The offense has been widely panned as too conservative, that it lacks
imagination. And given the UCLA Bruins' scoring struggles 11 games into the
season, there have been questions whether it is too complex for 19- and
20-year-old college football players.

But Coach Karl Dorrell said he does not believe that the intricacies of the West
Coast offense are overly taxing to learn -- or execute -- and that he is not
contemplating substantive changes for next season.

``I don't think the offense is complicated, and we've tailored it down to doing
it within the realm of what we should be doing, and it's just a matter of just
getting pretty salty at that and feeling like it's second nature to you, and
it's not right now,'' Dorrell said.

``It's a transitional thing, not only with a new staff, but new players and
learning a totally new system. Everything is just different on offense compared
to what a defense does. I think defense is easier to pick up than doing an
offense, and we've just been in this mode most of the season.''

The defense has been the Bruins' strong suit, ranking 16th nationally in yards
allowed per game. But UCLA ranks 95th among 117 NCAA Division I-A teams in
points scored per game (19.7), 76th in passing offense, 110th in rushing offense
and 100th in total offense.

That's one reason why the Bruins (6-5, 4-3 Pac-10) are 22-point underdogs
heading into their game Saturday at the Coliseum against No. 2 USC (9-1, 5-1).

``I knew that we were going to struggle,'' Dorrell said. ``At this point,
though, I thought we'd start catching up and doing some things and doing some
things well.

``But we've had some injuries, and we've had some issues where certain areas
weren't quite as productive as other areas, and those all played a factor into
not really progressing at the pace that you want.''

But it's not totally unexpected to be struggling at this point, particularly
with the passing game, Dorrell said.

``It seems like a long time, but it's not, particularly when it's your first
year,'' he said.

Lewis primed

Marcedes Lewis, who suffered a concussion in the first half of the loss to
Oregon, was back in pads at practice but did not participate in contact drills.
The sophomore tight end, who has caught 27 passes, second on the team behind
Craig Bragg (65), said he expects to be able to play against USC.

``I'm ready to go. You know, there's nothing more important than this game. If
we win this game, then I don't really care about anything else.''

Thin blue line

Dorrell said center Robert Chai, limited to this point because of a sprained
left knee, has a chance to play against the Trojans.

``Our depth is low there for one, so we only have what we have,'' Dorrell said
of the Bruins' offensive line. ``We just have to utilize all of our practice
time on correcting and building on our protections and our techniques and
getting better at what we do. But there's no secret weapon in the closet we can
pull out to help us.''

It wasn't a pass

Justin Medlock was kicking field goals before practice and sent one ball sailing
out of Spaulding Field. A student walking by almost was hit by the ball, and he
obviously had seen the Bruins play at least once this season.

``That must have been one big ... screw up,'' the student said.

rkuwada@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dorrell

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 Orange County Register


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             August 31, 2007 Friday

Copy cats? Offenses have same origin

BYLINE: Jeff Call Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 829 words


PROVO -- After Arizona finished with a mediocre 6-6 record last season, coach
Mike Stoops set out to fix the weakness in his program.

The Wildcat offense averaged an anemic 16.6 points per game. So, during the
offseason, the defensive-minded Stoops hired four new offensive coaches,
including a new offensive coordinator, Sonny Dykes, whom Stoops lured away from
Texas Tech.

While Arizona's revamped spread offense comes from Lubbock, Texas, it is also
similar to the one entrenched in Provo, where the 'Cats open their 2007 season
Saturday (3:30 p.m.).

Stoops has said he would like to see Arizona's new offense resemble BYU's --
more balanced than the pass-happy Texas Tech version.

"We have a lot of the same characteristics," Stoops said, comparing his team to
BYU. "We kind of mirror each other even more so this year than last year. I
think our characteristics are similar, but I think philosophically you're going
to see two teams that mirror each other in a lot of different ways."

While the 'Cats' new offense may look a lot like the Cougars', there is, of
course, an element of surprise.

"There's a lot of different ways we can go with this offense," said Stoops, who
is beginning his fourth season at the helm. "BYU, when you watched them through
the course of last year, you see a lot of different things they're attempting to
do. There's a lot more to that offense as you watch it. What we're going to
emphasize, how we're going to attack them, I don't think anybody really knows. I
don't think they know what we're going to emphasize through the course of this
game. They've watched, I'm sure, the whole season of (Texas) Tech, and these
guys understand this system very well, too. They go up against it virtually
every day, and the routes mirror each other. But what we emphasize will be the
difference."

BYU linebacker Bryan Kehl acknowledges that not knowing what will be emphasized
could pose a challenge for the defense.

"Last year we had game film to go off of. This year, it's totally different. We
don't know exactly what to expect," he said. "We have a good idea, knowing where
the coach came from who brought this new scheme and we've been watching (film
of) the team it came from. But, ultimately, we'll find out on Saturday."

Cougar coach Bronco Mendenhall said his defense is familiar with Arizona's
offensive approach.

"We are fortunate in that our own offense has a coach (offensive coordinator
Robert Anae) that came from Texas Tech, with a similar philosophy," he said.
"The benefit, simply, is that we understand the strengths and weaknesses of that
system. We are not sure of what we are going to see. We know, as I have heard
different things, they are patterning their offense after BYU as much as Texas
Tech, so I am not sure which offense we'll see. Maybe a combination of both. The
real key will be the execution of our system and then making adjustments as a
coaching staff as the game goes on. We're not sure of how their personnel will
be used, either. Even though there are returning players from last year,
different positions and different systems require different concepts. So, there
will be much determined as the game goes on."

At the controls of the Arizona offense is junior quarterback Willie Tuitama, a
two-year starter who missed much of five games last season due to
concussion-related injuries. In 2006, he completed 118-of-211 passes for 1,335
yards, seven touchdowns and six interceptions.

"I think he's very comfortable (in the new offense)," Stoops said. "I think he
likes it, the simplicity of it and the ability to call plays is so much simpler
for him. That's a big thing for quarterbacks. We've had a lot of problems just
communication-wise so hopefully we won't have those problems Saturday and we can
get him at the line and see what he wants to do."

Tuitama has a veteran offensive line in front of him and a bevy of talented
receivers, led by Mike Thomas, an honorable mention all-conference pick in 2006.
Running backs Chris Jennings (who gained 451 yards a year ago) and Xavier Smith
return.

"Any time you start the season with a new system, it's difficult," Stoops said.
"But the players have grasped the new system very well. I'm pleased with the
transition."

While BYU's offensive scheme is established, the Cougars are breaking in a new
quarterback. Sophomore Max Hall will have to deal with Arizona's stellar
defensive backfield. Senior cornerback Antoine Cason, a Jim Thorpe Award
finalist, returns to anchor an experienced secondary. He and fellow senior
corner Wilrey Fontenot are both three-year starters.

Cason, who has 10 career interceptions, considered entering the NFL draft last
spring, but opted to return to Tucson. He has been a starter since arriving in
2004 as a true freshman, which was also Stoops' first season at Arizona. Cason
was a first-team all-Pac-10 selection last year and last spring he earned
all-America honors in track, running the 4x100 meters for the Wildcats. E-mail:
jeffc@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             July 8, 2000 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Report blasts states for allowing unsafe truckers to drive

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 443 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- Many states are allowing unsafe truckers to continue to
drive, according to a Transportation Department report.

The audit found that six of nine states visited by the department failed to
suspend the licenses of drivers who were convicted of major infractions in
another state, such as drunken-driving or leaving the scene of an accident.

A 1986 law requires that persons holding a commercial driver's license must
allow their driving record to be exchanged among states so that the driver is
held accountable for an infraction in any state.

The Transportation Department visited nine states and the District of Columbia,
and requested data from 41 states. They found that seven of nine states visited
and the District of Columbia, as well as 15 states responding to the request,
allowed commercial drivers to avoid disqualification through special permits or
probationary licenses.

A truck driver involved in the March 1999 train crash in Bourbonnais, Ill., that
killed 11 people was operating under a probationary license.

The report also shows how the communications system between states is not being
used properly.

In a sample, 17 percent of convictions were not transmitted to other states
within 90 days. Also, some states recorded violations from other states, but did
not use them to trigger a disqualification.

A driver in Maryland was convicted in another state of driving a commercial
vehicle under the influence of drugs, which should have carried a minimum
one-year loss of license for a first offense. Though Maryland's records did show
the offense, the driver retained his license.

There are seven violations that can cause a driver to have his license
immediately suspended even on a first offense, including drunken-driving,
violating railroad crossing rules and using a commercial vehicle to distribute
drugs.

Several other common moving violations, such as speeding or reckless driving,
can mean a 60-day suspension for a second offense.

The report was requested by the House Transportation Committee.

The six states visited that did not suspend the licenses of commercial drivers
who were convicted of an infraction in another state were Maryland, Ohio, Texas,
Florida, New York and Tennessee.

The 22 jurisdictions allow drivers to avoid suspension by offering special
licenses or probationary permits are: Arkansas, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii,
Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New York,
Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas,
Wisconsin, Wyoming, and the District of Columbia.

The following fields overflowed:

Keyword (KEYW) = U.S. Department of Transportation

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   December 28, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 456 words

School officials defend decision
School officials in Decatur, Ill., defended their decision to expel six
students, but admitted the two-year ousters were unprecedented for fighting and
that no attempt was made to find out who struck the most serious blows.

U.S. District Judge Michael McCuskey opened hearings Monday on a lawsuit filed
by the Rev. Jesse Jackson's Rainbow/PUSH Coalition, which contends district
officials violated the students due process by lumping them as a group and not
giving them a fair hearing before dishing out punishment.

The students, all of them black, were disciplined for participating in a brawl
in the stands at a Sept. 17 football game. Three also face criminal charges.
Last month, Jackson led marches, prayer vigils and rallies and was even arrested
during a school confrontation.

McCuskey has scheduled more testimony for today and Wednesday. He said he would
issue a decision by Jan. 11, a week before the second semester begins for
Decatur public schools.

Mayor cautions revelers about falling bullets
A rain of falling bullets could puncture the big celebration welcoming the new
millennium in New Orleans, said Mayor Marc Morial, who is concerned New Year
2000 may prompt more gun owners than normal to fire guns into the sky at
midnight. ''I do have a concern because there is a bit of hysteria, a bit of
paranoia creeping into the celebration of the new millennium,'' Morial said
Monday. ''Falling bullets are indiscriminate predators.'' A tourist from Boston
was killed by a falling bullet in while watching fireworks in 1994.

Fires creeping toward Los Angeles suburb
About 100 people fled their homes as a precaution early today while firefighters
battled a 500-acre brush fire in the Los Angeles suburb of Arcadia, Calif.
Flames crawled over peaks and valleys throughout the night at the edge of the
Angeles National Forest, inching toward a dense residential area of nearly 200
homes. There was no estimate when the fire would be contained. About 300
firefighters were at work on the blaze, aided by aircraft and bulldozers.

Rape victim to get proceeds from auction
A man who was raped as a boy six years ago will pocket the proceeds when
officials auction off the house where the attack occurred. The victim, now 21,
sued the man convicted of raping him and won $ 250,000, forcing the attacker to
forfeit his house in Lynn, Mass. The victim wants the proceeds for therapy, his
lawyer said Monday. The attacker, Myles A. Downes, 49, is serving a life
sentence for child rape. The victim did not tell anyone until two years later,
when he learned that two friends he had introduced to Downes also had been
raped. Downes was convicted of raping all three.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

Attack of the Clones: Can TCU become first Air Raid attack to win title since
2000 Sooners?

BYLINE: BY RYAN ABER

SECTION:

LENGTH: 846 words


When Mike Leach brought the Air Raid offense to Norman in 1999, it didn't take
long for splashy results.The system revitalized a moribund Oklahoma program,
turned Josh Heupel into a star and quickly started its migration throughout the
Big 12 and college football, sparking the Clone Wars.It took just a year after
Leach's arrival - with Leach himself having moved on to a head coaching job at
Texas Tech - for the Air Raid to break through and win a national championship
when the Sooners went undefeated, beating Florida State in the Orange Bowl to
give OU its first title since 1985.Since then, though, the Air Raid has failed
to win another.Sixteen years after the offense first migrated from Kentucky to
Norman, a Big 12 program once again seems poised to make a run at a national
title while running the Air Raid.Instead of Oklahoma as the likely contender,
though, it's another branch of the Hal Mumme/Mike Leach coaching tree and it
would've been unthinkable a few years ago for this program to move to this
offense much less be its best shot at a championship.But, of course, Bob Stoops,
who had been a defensive mind during his time as an assistant, was an odd fit to
bring the up-tempo, spread offense to the mainstream of college football.When
Oklahoma won its national title 15 years ago, TCU was winning but was a long way
from major-conference football.The Horned Frogs were in their last season in the
Western Athletic Conference and Gary Patterson had just taken over for Dennis
Franchione after Franchione had left to go to Alabama.TCU bounced from the WAC
to Conference USA to the Mountain West before finally landing in the Big 12 in
2012.Even then, the Horned Frogs were a long way from running the Air Raid.

Patterson-like Stoops-was known mostly for what he did on the defensive
side.Instead of developing a spread offense, Patterson came up with the ideal
way to slow it down.He developed a 4-2-5 scheme that could slow down the spread
with its multiple ways to attack with both coverages and blitzes, yet could
create havoc for other offensive schemes as well.Patterson didn't embrace the
Air Raid himself until after the Horned Frogs' 4-8 2013 season - the first
losing season for the program since 2004.That's when he brought on Doug Meacham
and Sonny Cumbie to run the offense.Meacham was an Oklahoma State alum who had
coached in the system with both OSU and Houston. His stint in Stillwater
included the 2010 season, when Dana Holgorsen directed the Cowboys' offense and
Meacham coached the inside receivers.Cumbie was an Air Raid quarterback at Texas
Tech under Leach and had served as a Red Raiders assistant before making the
leap to bring to Fort Worth the clone of the offense that started under Mumme at
Kentucky before steadily taking over the Big 12.The result was immediate.
Trevone Boykin was transformed from an also-ran who seemed destined to move to
wide receiver into one of the most dynamic playmakers in college football."This
offense is a little bit more like our defense," Patterson said. "It's all about
execution, look like you're doing a lot of things, throw in a few bells and
whistles, but it's about being better at what they do than other people are and
plugging in good players."The Horned Frogs had the seventh-best passing offense
in the country last season. The few programs ahead of TCU included Leach's
Washington State squad, Baylor, Texas Tech and Lincoln Riley's East Carolina
team.And the Horned Frogs averaged more points than any team outside of Art
Briles' Baylor offense.While both of those offenses figure to put up video-game
numbers again - TCU returns Boykin and virtually its entire offense with the
exception of one tackle and Baylor returns almost all of its offense except at
quarterback - the determining factor for whether the teams can get in the
playoff and win a national title figures to be the defense.TCU hasn't put up the
same eye-popping defensive numbers in the Big 12 that it was able to before
joining the conference and being constantly tested by different variations of
the Air Raid. It wasn't so much that the defense lagged, though, as the offense
couldn't keep up."You can play defense and still run this offense," Patterson
told CBSSports.com. Patterson has remained true to his defensive roots as much
as possible, with a strong secondary and a tough defensive front led by Millwood
product Davion Pierson.While the defense must be able to slow down any type of
offense to not only win the Big 12 but advance to and have a chance to win the
four-team playoff, if the Horned Frogs are able to bring the conference and the
Air Raid another national title, Patterson's willingness to make a drastic shift
in the offense will be a big reason why."Gary is as fine a defensive coach as
I've ever known," Franchione recently told ESPN.com. "Not everybody can see
outside the box. I've always been impressed with him in that regard."He's always
been ahead of the trend."This time, Patterson might be getting ahead by going
back to the clone of what worked so well for the Sooners in 2000.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 30, 2015 Sunday

ATTACK OF THE CLONES

BYLINE: By Ryan Aber

SECTION: SPEX01; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 846 words


When Mike Leach brought the Air Raid offense to Norman in 1999, it didn't take
long for splashy results.The system revitalized a moribund Oklahoma program,
turned Josh Heupel into a star and quickly started its migration throughout the
Big 12 and college football, sparking the Clone Wars.It took just a year after
Leach's arrival - with Leach himself having moved on to a head coaching job at
Texas Tech - for the Air Raid to break through and win a national championship
when the Sooners went undefeated, beating Florida State in the Orange Bowl to
give OU its first title since 1985.Since then, though, the Air Raid has failed
to win another.Sixteen years after the offense first migrated from Kentucky to
Norman, a Big 12 program once again seems poised to make a run at a national
title while running the Air Raid.Instead of Oklahoma as the likely contender,
though, it's another branch of the Hal Mumme/Mike Leach coaching tree and it
would've been unthinkable a few years ago for this program to move to this
offense much less be its best shot at a championship.But, of course, Bob Stoops,
who had been a defensive mind during his time as an assistant, was an odd fit to
bring the up-tempo, spread offense to the mainstream of college football.When
Oklahoma won its national title 15 years ago, TCU was winning but was a long way
from major-conference football.The Horned Frogs were in their last season in the
Western Athletic Conference and Gary Patterson had just taken over for Dennis
Franchione after Franchione had left to go to Alabama.TCU bounced from the WAC
to Conference USA to the Mountain West before finally landing in the Big 12 in
2012.Even then, the Horned Frogs were a long way from running the Air Raid.

Patterson-like Stoops-was known mostly for what he did on the defensive
side.Instead of developing a spread offense, Patterson came up with the ideal
way to slow it down.He developed a 4-2-5 scheme that could slow down the spread
with its multiple ways to attack with both coverages and blitzes, yet could
create havoc for other offensive schemes as well.Patterson didn't embrace the
Air Raid himself until after the Horned Frogs' 4-8 2013 season - the first
losing season for the program since 2004.That's when he brought on Doug Meacham
and Sonny Cumbie to run the offense.Meacham was an Oklahoma State alum who had
coached in the system with both OSU and Houston. His stint in Stillwater
included the 2010 season, when Dana Holgorsen directed the Cowboys' offense and
Meacham coached the inside receivers.Cumbie was an Air Raid quarterback at Texas
Tech under Leach and had served as a Red Raiders assistant before making the
leap to bring to Fort Worth the clone of the offense that started under Mumme at
Kentucky before steadily taking over the Big 12.The result was immediate.
Trevone Boykin was transformed from an also-ran who seemed destined to move to
wide receiver into one of the most dynamic playmakers in college football."This
offense is a little bit more like our defense," Patterson said. "It's all about
execution, look like you're doing a lot of things, throw in a few bells and
whistles, but it's about being better at what they do than other people are and
plugging in good players."The Horned Frogs had the seventh-best passing offense
in the country last season. The few programs ahead of TCU included Leach's
Washington State squad, Baylor, Texas Tech and Lincoln Riley's East Carolina
team.And the Horned Frogs averaged more points than any team outside of Art
Briles' Baylor offense.While both of those offenses figure to put up video-game
numbers again - TCU returns Boykin and virtually its entire offense with the
exception of one tackle and Baylor returns almost all of its offense except at
quarterback - the determining factor for whether the teams can get in the
playoff and win a national title figures to be the defense.TCU hasn't put up the
same eye-popping defensive numbers in the Big 12 that it was able to before
joining the conference and being constantly tested by different variations of
the Air Raid. It wasn't so much that the defense lagged, though, as the offense
couldn't keep up."You can play defense and still run this offense," Patterson
told CBSSports.com. Patterson has remained true to his defensive roots as much
as possible, with a strong secondary and a tough defensive front led by Millwood
product Davion Pierson.While the defense must be able to slow down any type of
offense to not only win the Big 12 but advance to and have a chance to win the
four-team playoff, if the Horned Frogs are able to bring the conference and the
Air Raid another national title, Patterson's willingness to make a drastic shift
in the offense will be a big reason why."Gary is as fine a defensive coach as
I've ever known," Franchione recently told ESPN.com. "Not everybody can see
outside the box. I've always been impressed with him in that regard."He's always
been ahead of the trend."This time, Patterson might be getting ahead by going
back to the clone of what worked so well for the Sooners in 2000.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            January 23, 2011 Sunday

UCLA hires former 49ers OC Johnson

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 531 words


LOS ANGELES (AP)   UCLA hired Mike Johnson as offensive coordinator Saturday,
several hours before Norm Chow officially left for the same job at Utah.

Chow is a respected coaching veteran who built powerful offenses at BYU and USC,
but struggled through the last three seasons with the Bruins. He even received a
lucrative contract extension a year ago when the Trojans showed interest in
rehiring him, but split with Neuheisel after UCLA finished 116th in passing
offense last season while going 4-8.

Johnson also will coach the Bruins' receivers, and Neuheisel will coach UCLA's
quarterbacks while endeavoring to put his own stamp on the offense.

Johnson ran the San Francisco 49ers' offense for most of last season.

UCLA also is expected to interview former Miami coach Randy Shannon on Sunday
for its vacant defensive coordinator job.

Johnson agreed Thursday to reunite with Neuheisel, his fellow assistant with the
Baltimore Ravens from 2006-07.

"I'm a believer that you look at the personnel you have, and then you develop an
offense around the people," Johnson said. "I think the talent level here is
good. My goal as the recruiter in Los Angeles is to make sure we upgrade that
and make it better, but there's the talent here to do some positive things."

Johnson immediately planned to contact several recruits in Los Angeles, where he
was born. Johnson's recruiting prowess caught Neuheisel's attention at
Washington a dozen years ago when Johnson landed several prized Los Angeles
prospects as an Oregon State assistant.

Since-fired San Francisco head coach Mike Singletary promoted Johnson, then his
quarterbacks coach, to his first coordinator job on Sept. 27, early in the
49ers' eighth consecutive non-winning season. Johnson was moderately successful
with San Francisco's talent-laden offense, but wasn't retained by new coach Jim
Harbaugh.

Shannon is an intriguing candidate to take over the Bruins' middling defense. He
was fired by Miami in November after going 28-22 over four seasons at his alma
mater, but he is a respected defensive coach and an outstanding recruiter.

The Bruins' biggest problem has been their offense, which was pathetic for most
of last season. UCLA ranked 100th out of 120 FBS teams in total offense, passing
for just 141 yards per game.

UCLA spent the past offseason installing Nevada's pistol formation, which was
seen as a surprising admission of desperation by Chow and Neuheisel, two
experienced coaches who couldn't build a consistent Pac-10 offense.

"I think we all bought into the pistol offense," Neuheisel said, the apparent
driving force behind the experiment that improved UCLA's running game, but
crippled its passing game. "There's no finger-pointing at all with regard to
that. I think retrospectively, we'd wonder if it was exactly the thing to do,
but we all bought in."

Although it's still early, Neuheisel and Johnson appear ready to retire the
pistol for the upcoming season.

"I don't know that we'll have the flashy name for our offense, but hopefully
we'll develop one as it starts producing," Neuheisel said. "We feel we can put
together something that's special."


AP Sports Writer Beth Harris in Los Angeles contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 1, 2010 Wednesday

Despite spotlight on AWC's offense, Wiley helps lead stout Matador defense

BYLINE: Edward Carifio, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 629 words


Dec. 01--No matter who was on the schedule, the Arizona Western defense always
faced a top-five offense. At least in practice, when the Matadors faced their
own offense.

And that means cornerback Isiah Wiley frequently matched up with an all-Western
States Football League receiver -- sophomore teammate Ge'Shun Harris.

All that work against the No. 3 offense in the country paid off for both the
defense as a whole and Wiley. The Matadors finished fifth in total defense and
earned a bid to the Heart of Texas Bowl, while Wiley was named co-NJCAA Region I
Defensive Player of the Year.

"We go head-to-head in practice every day, so the competition factor is always
there between the defense and the offense," Wiley said. "Both sides have great
athletes, so I think it's a great competition. We take it from the practice
field to the game."

AWC coach Tom Minnick said that collective energy was most evident Tuesday, when
Arkansas head coach Bobby Petrino was at the practice. Wiley has verbally
committed to Arkansas, but is still looking at other schools.

With not only Petrino but Alabama offensive coordinator Jim McElwain in
attendance, Minnick said both the offense and the defense gave a strong
performance.

"(Tuesday) was a good example of that because we had two SEC schools out here,"
Minnick said, adding that Petrino isn't the first high-profile coach to come to
Yuma in the past two season -- although he couldn't remember the last one. "How
many junior colleges can say they have two big-time college programs out here
watching their practices? But anytime you have good football players, you're
going to get attention. It's a great thing."

One of those great players is Wiley. He and the Matadors (10-1) are preparing to
face Blinn (7-3) 1 p.m. Saturday at Bulldawg Stadium in Copperas Cove, Texas.
The Buccaneers feature a strong offense led by quarterback Justin Tuggle, who
was 17th in the country in passing yards with 1,855 yards but also tied for
second-most in the nation with 13 interceptions.

The Bucs also feature a potent run offense, which Minnick said plays into one of
Wiley's strengths.

"In the run he'll come up and hit you. A lot of corners will shy away from that.
Isiah likes to hit people," Minnick said. "On pass coverage he does a great job,
he's so fluid and can move. We trust him on their best receivers."

Wiley had three interceptions, 44 tackles and two tackles for a loss. He started
10 of 11 games this year for AWC.

"He's by far the best corner in the league," Minnick said. "He's a 6-1 1/2
corner that looks good on the hoof and moves really fluid."

As a freshman, Wiley only played in eight games, in part due to a foot injury,
but still netted 32 tackles.

"I made more plays than I did last year, I think the defense played better than
it did last year," Wiley said.

Minnick said the Matador defense was much younger than it was a year ago, and
Wiley has been a big part of getting the freshmen up to speed.

"He stepped up as a leader and made sure the young kids understand how important
the season is, how important it is to play hard and get recruited out of here,"
Minnick said. "He's done that."

It's a role Wiley said he's relished.

"I thought I had to be the person who makes sure everyone know's what they're
doing on the field," Wiley said. "Overall just being a leader. Not vocally, but
by example on the field playing-wise."

Wiley had three interceptions this year for the Matadors. He also had 44
tackles, 15 solos.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101201-YZ-Despite-spotlight-on-AWC-s-offense
-Wiley-helps-lead-stout-Matador-defense-1201-20101201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 19, 2010 Sunday

BYU football: Reeling Cougars now face red-hot Wolfpack

BYLINE: By Jay Drew The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; BYU Cougars

LENGTH: 583 words


Provo » BYU's inexperienced and tackling-challenged defense wasn't able to slow
down Air Force or Florida State the past two weeks, giving up 69 points and 904
yards.

Naturally, in this month of hard luck and despair for the flailing Cougars --
who haven't been especially adept on offense, either -- one of the nation's top
offenses rolls into town.

Still licking their wounds from two beatdowns, the 1-2 Cougars play host
Saturday to red-hot Nevada at LaVell Edwards Stadium. A month ago, this game
looked like one in which the Cougars could get back to .500, perhaps even find
some rhythm offensively as they continue quarterback tryouts.

Not anymore.

"Nevada looks like a very good football team," coach Bronco Mendenhall said
after Saturday's 34-10 loss at Florida State.

The Cal Bears will attest to that. Nevada ripped through the country's
top-ranked defense Friday night, blasting then-No. 24 Cal 52-31 in Reno to go
3-0 for the first time since it became an NCAA Division-I program in 1992.

Wolfpack quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who should be a Heisman Trophy candidate,
is No. 2 in the nation in total offense and might be the best QB the Cougars
face in September, and that's saying something considering BYU has faced
Washington's Jake Locker, Air Force's Tim Jefferson and FSU's Christian Ponder.

The Wolfpack are in the top five in total offense and scoring offense, and have
outscored opponents 152-61, prompting fans storming the field after the Cal win
to chant, "We want Boise, We want Boise."

Yes, the free-falling Cougars are now an afterthought for one of the WAC schools
replacing them next year (or the year after that) in the MWC. Nevada doesn't
face Boise State until Nov. 26.

Suddenly, the Cougars are staring hard at a probable 1-3 record in September,
maybe even a 1-4 start with the way Utah State is playing in Logan.

The Cougars said all the right things after the FSU loss, with freshman
quarterback Jake Heaps even talking about going 10-0 the rest of the way.

"This isn't something where we throw in the towel," Heaps said after playing the
second half in relief of starter Riley Nelson, who didn't return after throwing
an interception in the second quarter. "There's no way. This team is going to
fight, this team is going to battle. And we are going to get after it."

But all the talk can't mask the weaknesses and flaws exposed by the Falcons and
Seminoles on back-to-back weekends. Having led the nation in
third-down-conversion percentage last year (56 percent), the Cougars have been
awful in that category in 2010, clicking at just 32 percent. That puts them 99th
in the country.

Nevada is No. 1 at an eye-popping 67 percent.

"We showed signs of being really great," BYU running back J.J. DiLuigi said. "So
hopefully we can smooth everything out and start just making plays when we have
to. We will be a good team."

Nevada is already there. The Wolfpack received enough votes Sunday to be ranked
No. 27 in the Associated Press Top 25 if the poll extended that far.

"I think we have some guys with character that will do their best to rebound,
and fortunately it is just a game, and we get another chance to play, another
chance to have fun and be a team," BYU safety Andrew Rich said. "That's the
great part about sports. It is early in the season. We are not throwing in the
towel. We will do everything we can to win the next game."

drew@sltrib.com Twitter: @sltribbyu, @drewjay Alt Heads:

No relief: Nevada looms next Saturday's game

Nevada at BYU, 4 p.m. MDT

TV » The mtn.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BYU quarterback Jake Heaps (9) recovers his own fumble during the
second half, BYU vs. Florida State, college football Saturday, September 18,
2010 at Doak Campbell Stadium in Tallahassee, Florida.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

NO-HUDDLE OFFENSE'S PRESENCE COULD INCREASE AGAIN VS. CHIEFS

BYLINE: ED BOUCHETTE

SECTION: SPORTS; ED BOUCHETTE'S ON THE STEELERS \; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 796 words


Remember how the Steelers planned to turn the no-huddle offense into perhaps
their primary mode of transportation in 2014?

They did for a while, too. Right out of the chute, they used the no-huddle in
four of six series in the first half of their opener against Cleveland and
scored on each -- three touchdowns and a field goal.

They continued to deploy it through their fourth game of the season against
Tampa Bay, which they lost, 27-24. Since then, the no-huddle nearly has gone the
way of running back LeGarrette Blount from the Steelers offense. They pull it
out on occasion, but, unless it's at the end of a half or game, they hardly ever
devote an entire series to it.

And who can argue? The Steelers today have the No. 1 offense in the NFL in yards
gained, No. 2 in passing yards, No. 10 in rushing yards and have won six of
their past eight games. They have put themselves in position not only to clinch
a playoff spot with a victory Sunday but also to win the AFC North if they win
their final two games.

Yet the no-huddle offense could return this week. Facing a Kansas City Chiefs
defense that is tied for the sixth-most sacks in the NFL, it is one weapon the
Steelers have at their disposal to slow that down.

"We could," said tight end Heath Miller. "It's not to say the no-huddle was
thrown out, we've used it some the past few weeks. We just haven't been strictly
no-huddle."

A no-huddle offense can neutralize a strong pass rush because of its rhythm,
it's pace, the lack of substitutions a defense can make and the sheer energy it
takes to rush the quarterback in such short amounts of time between snaps.

The dip in their use of the no-huddle coincided with the emergence of rookie
wide receiver Martavis Bryant, who did not dress for the first six games. Often
when they use the no-huddle, veteran Lance Moore is in the lineup instead of
Bryant. It reduces the chances of a rookie mistake, which can lead to all kinds
of problems, most gruesomely an interception.

Plus, when the Steelers broke out for 94 points in two victories against
Indianapolis and Baltimore at home without much no-huddle use (and Bryant
catching four touchdown passes in those two games), they figured the no-huddle
was a no-go as their M.O.

"Haven't really needed it," quarterback Ben Roethlisberger explained. "We've
used it at the end of halves and games and things like that, but, when things
are going well, why mess with them? It's kind of a nice little thing to keep in
our back pocket for when we need it. But I think we just haven't had to use it."

With Kansas City's pass-rush bearing down on them, do not be surprised to see
the no-huddle reappear Sunday at Heinz Field. OLD RIVALS MEET AGAIN

Another way to stop the Chiefs from adding to their 38 sacks is to block them.
Marcus Gilbert draws the prime assignment of doing that this week when he
returns to start at right tackle after missing the past three games with a high
ankle sprain.

He will try to block left outside linebacker Justin Houston, who is tied for the
league lead with 17 sacks.

"It will be a good matchup," Gilbert promised. "Especially since it's my first
game back, I'll be pretty excited. I'm sure I'm going to see his best, too."

It won't be the first time Gilbert has seen Houston. They also lined up as
rookie starters against each other in a 2011 game at Kansas City in which
Houston had no sacks. Gilbert, who played at Florida, was drafted in the second
round and Houston, who played at Georgia, was drafted in the third.

They each train at Tom Shaw's Performance Camp in Orlando in the offseason.

"For Justin, the sky's the limit, he can only get better," Gilbert said. "He's
improving every year.

"He's playing with a chip on his shoulder. "Justin is one of the best in the
league." HARRISON LIKELY TO RETURN

James Harrison says his bothersome knee that kept him out of the past two games
is fully healed and he is ready to return to the starting lineup Sunday at right
outside linebacker, which now features a three-is-a-crowd look. Over the past
two games, Jarvis Jones came off injured reserve to join Arthur Moats at the
position.

Harrison said he came back to the Steelers "with hopes of helping the team win."

And?

"I feel like I'm headed in the right direction."

While Harrison and Gilbert went through full practices, Mike Mitchell (groin),
Troy Polamalu (knee) and Matt Spaeth (elbow) did not practice and Maurkice
Pouncey (ankle) and Ike Taylor (shoulder, forearm) were limited. Pouncey and
Polamalu are expected to play, the others' status remains undetermined.

Three veterans were given the day off from the indoor practice on artificial
turf: Roethlisberger, Miller and William Gay. Steve McLendon also did not
practice and, while no injury was listed, he has had a bothersome shoulder much
of the season.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ed Bouchette: ebouchette@post-gazette.com and Twitter @EdBouchette. /

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Lake Fong/Post-Gazette Linebacker James Harrison huddles with
his fellow linebackers Wednesday before practice at the Steelers' South Side
facility.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 20, 2013 Sunday

Vikings' Josh Freeman needs more time to develop rapport with offense

BYLINE: By Chris Tomasson ctomasson@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Vikings

LENGTH: 378 words


EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- With the season slipping away, time is not on Josh
Freeman's side.

Still, that's what he needs.

"I definitely need time as an offense and personally as a quarterback,'' the
Vikings quarterback said after completing 20 of 53 passes for 190 yards with an
interception in Monday night's 23-7 loss to the New York Giants at MetLife
Stadium.

Freeman got his first start for the Vikings on Monday. That came 12 days after
he first practiced with the team he joined after being waived Oct. 3 by Tampa
Bay.

"I'm not one to say that I didn't come out as a player expecting to come out and
play better, to score more points, to move the ball better than we did
tonight,'' said Freeman, whose team dropped to 1-5. "There were definitely plays
there to be made that from a lot of different standpoints were just a fraction
off.

"That's something that, moving forward as a quarterback, as receivers, as an
offense together, guys are going to get more comfortable with me and vice versa.
I'm definitely excited moving forward knowing the talent that we have on this
offense, knowing the players and the heart of this team.''

Freeman didn't lead the Vikings to a single point on offense. Their only
touchdown came on an 86-yard punt return by cornerback Marcus Sherels in the
first quarter.

"I think when we look at the tape we'll have a better assessment of it, but it
seems like there were some opportunities that we missed,'' said Vikings coach
Leslie Frazier. "One where they kind of had (Freeman) in their grasp and he
tried to make a play (throwing a third-quarter interception). That's one I'm
sure he'd like to have back and there were a few other plays that I think could
be a little better.''

Frazier said it was tough on Freeman that the Vikings gained just 30 yards
rushing. Star running back Adrian Peterson was held to just 28 yards on 13
carries.

"It was tough,'' Peterson said of Freeman having to start with little time to
prepare. "We made it harder on him by not buying him a lot of time to sit there
in the pocket and complete some balls.''

Freeman won't have much time before his next expected start. The Vikings have a
short week as they prepare to host Green Bay on Sunday night at the Metrodome.

Follow Chris Tomasson attwitter.com/christomasson .

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Minnesota Vikings quarterback Josh Freeman, left, rests in the fourth
quarter as the Minnesota Vikings play the New York Giants at MetLife Stadium in
East Rutherford, NJ, on Monday, October 21, 2013. Giants won 23-7. At right is
Minnesota Vikings quarterback Christian Ponder. (Pioneer Press: Ben Garvin)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

CAPITALIZINGon college footballSpartans hope to tie 'Shoelace' up in knotsCats
may not win, but they know how

SECTION: ENDZONE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1204 words


The Associated Press

EAST LANSING, Mich. - For the last month, Denard "Shoelace" Robinson has been
all over the highlight shows, dashing into the Heisman Trophy conversation and
leading a swift resurgence at Michigan.

Michigan State's Eric Gordon hopes to bring all of that to a halt.

"It's always fun to play a player that has all this hype, and he deserves all
the hype, obviously," Gordon said. "It gives us a great opportunity."

Something has to give Saturday when the 18th-ranked Wolverines host the
17th-ranked Spartans.

If Michigan State wants to emerge with a third straight victory over Michigan,
Gordon and his teammates will have to do what nobody else has been able to:
Contain the Michigan quarterback whose electrifying runs with untied shoelaces
have given a needed boost to the Wolverines' offense.

Michigan State (5-0, 1-0 Big Ten) has already faced Notre Dame's no-huddle
offense and Wisconsin's bruising running game, but this will be an entirely
different challenge.

"The one thing about playing them is if he makes a guy miss, he has the ability
to go the distance," Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio said.

Robinson, a sophomore, is second in the nation in total offense and is averaging
181 yards a game on the ground, the top mark in the nation.

As a team, Michigan (5-0, 1-0) is second in the nation in total offense.

TOP 25 GAME TODAY

#7 Nebraska at Kansas St., 6:30 p.m.

TOP 25 GAME FRIDAY

#22 Okla. St. at La.-Lafayette, 7 p.m.

TOP 25 GAMES SATURDAY

#1 Ala. at #19 S. Carolina, 2:30 p.m.

#2 Ohio State vs. Indiana, 11 a.m.

#3 Oregon at Washington State, 4 p.m.

#4 Boise State vs. Toledo, 7 p.m.

#5 TCU vs. Wyoming, 2:30 p.m.

#8 Auburn at Kentucky, 6:30 p.m.

#9 Arizona Oregon State, 6 p.m.

#10 Utah at Iowa State, 7 p.m.

#11 Arkansas vs. Texas A&M at Arlington, Texas, 2:30 p.m.

#12 LSU at #14 Florida, 6:30 p.m.

#13 Miami vs. #23 Florida St., 7 p.m.

#16 Stanford vs. Southern Cal, 7 p.m.

#17 Michigan State at #18 Michigan, 2:30 p.m.

#20 Wisconsin vs. Minnesota, 11 a.m.

#21 Nevada vs. San Jose State, 9:30 p.m.

#24 Missouri vs. Colorado, 6 p.m.

#25 Air Force vs. Colorado St., 1 p.m. Hey, it's me again. You know, Mr. 6-6.
Mr. Buzz Kill.

Got your e-mail. You're right, that 6-6 projection looks awfully flimsy right
now. Kansas State is 4-0, creeping toward the Top 25, and the Wildcats get
Nebraska at home tonight in an atmosphere that should resemble something between
a Metallica concert and a bullfight.

If the Wildcats win - and that's a huge if - it re-orients K-State's entire
season. Instead of talking about a dot-com bowl game and a winning record,
people are talking about division titles, top 15 rankings and other, better
dot-com bowl games.

Are these things realistic? Hard to say, but you can bet they'll be discussed if
K-State beats the Huskers. Wins against top 10 teams inspire that kind of
unchecked optimism, and in K-State's case, it may not be totally unfounded.

It's worth pausing to consider how we reached this point. Two years ago, K-State
was in football crisis. The defense was terrible, the stadium was empty and the
coach was on the hot seat.

Then Bill Snyder returned, a move that was met with a general tone of caution.
Most fans believed Snyder could improve the program, but few expected quick or
dramatic results.

The Wildcats made progress last year, winning six games and extending the North
race until the final week of the season. Expectations were heightened this
season, with an All-America running back returning and a manageable schedule.

Still, eight-win predictions just seemed like too much, largely because there
were no discernible differences between this team and the one that finished 6-6
last year. Same tough running game, same quarterback limitations, same
nondescript defense. It was like trying to tell one Olsen twin from the other.

Now, four games into the 2010 season, we finally can point to a separating
factor.

This team knows how to win.

The critical juncture of any turnaround comes when a team sheds its losing
mentality. The Wildcats took positive steps last year, but the final evidence
was inconclusive.

This year, the Wildcats have won three games after trailing in the fourth
quarter. The opponents - UCLA, UCF and Iowa State - weren't world-beaters, but
that's not the point. Losing teams find ways to lose, and winning teams find
ways to win.

In two years, K-State has morphed from the former into the latter.

"I think part of it is that we probably have had some good fortune fall our
way," Snyder said. "Secondly, I think our youngsters pay attention to their
ability to finish ball games. They've made that important to them. They've been
admonished over the years about not having the ability to do that."

Doesn't mean the Wildcats will beat Nebraska, but it means they have a chance.
And they'll have more chances, too, against middle-of-the-road teams like
Oklahoma State, Missouri and Baylor and side-of-the-road teams like Colorado and
Kansas.

It's worth noting that K-State reached the cusp of legitimacy several times in
the 1990s, only to be smacked down by the Huskers in big games. That
breakthrough win in 1998 came after years of disappointment, represented by
scores like 56-26, 39-3 and 49-25.

So if K-State isn't quite ready to upset Nebraska and ascend to previous
heights, don't worry. The Wildcats have learned how to win, and that's the
hardest part.Two Heisman hopefuls will try to rev up their campaigns when Kansas
State faces Nebraska on Thursday night. K-State's Daniel Thomas, above, and
Nebraska's Taylor Martinez compiled Heisman credentials in their first three
games, but both players endured tough outings last week. With the teams playing
a stand-alone game on ESPN, this will be the perfect chance for someone to make
a Heisman statement.

1. QB Denard Robinson, so., Michigan (1)

Overall: 202 ypg passing (70%), 181 ypg rushing, 15 total TD | Last game:
10-for-16, 277 yards, 217 rushing yards, 5 total TD vs. Indiana

2. QB Kellen Moore, jr., Boise State (3)

Overall: 267 ypg passing (66%), 11 TD, 1 INT | Last game: 13-for-18, 196 yards,
3 TD vs. New Mexico State

3. QB Terrelle Pryor, jr., Ohio State (2)

Overall: 203 ypg passing (65%), 75 ypg rushing, 15 total TD | Last game:
9-for-16, 76 yards, 104 rushing yards, 2 TD vs. Illinois

4. QB Colin Kaepernick, sr., Nevada (5)

Overall: 209 ypg passing (70%), 110 ypg rushing, 16 total TD | Last game:
13-for-17, 124 yards, 97 rushing yards, 2 TD vs. UNLV

5. RB LaMichael James, so., Oregon (NR)

Overall: 178 ypg rushing, 7 TD | Last game: 31 carries, 257 yards, 3 TD vs.
Oregon

6. QB Cam Newton, jr., Auburn (NR)

Overall: 185 ypg passing (66%), 95 ypg rushing, 17 total TD | Last game:
14-for-19, 245 yards, 3 TD, INT vs. Louisiana-Monroe

7. QB Andrew Luck, jr., Stanford (4)

Overall: 251 ypg. passing (63%), 13 TD, 4 INT | Last game: 29-for-26, 341 yards,
2 TD, 2 INT vs. Oregon

8. QB Ryan Mallett, jr., Arkansas (6)

Overall: 360 ypg passing (69%), 10 TD, 5 INT | Last game: 25-for-38, 357 yards,
TD, 3 INT vs. Alabama (Sept. 25)

9. RB Daniel Thomas, sr., Kansas State (7)

Overall: 157 ypg rushing, 6 TD | Last game: 22 carries, 76 yards vs. Central
Florida (Sept. 25)

10. WR Justin Blackmon, so., Oklahoma State (10)

Overall: 34 rec., 558 yards, 9 TD | Last game: 10 rec., 127 yards, TD vs. Texas
A&M

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               October 30, 2002 Wednesday Five Star Lift Edition

TWO TEAMS STAND OUT AT DE SPOT

BYLINE: Danny Heitert Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS ; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 603 words


If a high school football team has a superior defensive end, an opposing offense
can locate the player before the snap and direct play away from him. But what if
a defense features two outstanding defensive ends?

Parkway West and Hazelwood East have two of the best defenses in the St. Louis
area, and each is built around a pair of the area's best defensive ends.

Although both defenses faltered in last weekend's district openers, the manner
in which the opposing offenses attacked only reinforced the players' ratings.

On Friday, Parkway West DEs Will Paul and Andy Temple stopped the Francis Howell
offense by funneling it inside. But after Temple left the game with a foot
injury in the third quarter, the Howell offense began to persistently attack
away from Paul and toward the spot previously occupied by Temple. The other side
of the defense failed to hold the line, and Howell rallied to victory.

On Saturday, Hazelwood East's excellent DEs Jamal Cooper and Aaron Whittington
were effectively isolated and neutralized by McCluer North's trap-option
offense, which gouged the interior defense with fullback Dan Yarbrough and
tailback Brandon Shepard. Still, the reputations of all four defensive ends
remain intact. Here is how I rank the St. Louis-area DEs:

1. Parkway West's Will Paul is the area's best DE at shutting down the
off-tackle offense. The 6-foot-4, 254-pound senior is strong and quick and
consistently sheds the lead blocker. He bounces perimeter plays further back
from the line of scrimmage and gives his defense an opportunity to pursue the
play. Paul has orally committed to Michigan.

2. Hazelwood East's Jamal Cooper is having a superior season on both sides of
the ball. The 6-3, 210-pound senior needs more strength, but he uses great
leverage, hand technique and competitiveness to shed blocks. Cooper closes to
the ball fast and delivers a wicked blow. He has scholarship offers from
Missouri, Illinois, Michigan State, Kansas State and Kansas.

3. Hazelwood East's Aaron Whittington is a very lean 6-3, 205 pounds, but that
never prevents him from being effective at the point of attack. Whittington
makes up for his lack of muscle mass with quickness off the snap and sound
technique. There is no area DE more difficult to pass block. Whittington has
offers from UCLA, Nebraska, Wisconsin, Illinois, Missouri and others.

4. Chaminade's John McKee is intense, fast and explosive. At 6-2 and 210 pounds,
he can be almost unblockable because of his quickness and strength. He sprints
to the ball better than any other area DE.

5. Vianney's Dave Borchardt is an athletic DE with size potential. While the
6-4, 224-pound senior is solid against the run, Division I-A programs have
become intrigued by his pass rushing.

6. Pattonville's Gerald Davis combines superior strength and speed to mismatch
most offensive tackles. The 6-1, 220-pound senior is smaller than most Division
I-A programs seek but would be a prize for a Division I-AA team.

7. Andy Temple of Parkway West is a 6-4, 220-pound senior who runs the 40-yard
dash in 4.6 seconds. He plays fast, intense and well.

8. Oakville's Ryan Cope is strong and tough at the point of attack. The 6-4,
230-pound senior is stout off-tackle and runs well enough to be a prospect.

9. Parkway South's Aric Cannon is more quick than fast, and extremely strong and
aggressive. The 6-0, 230-pound senior has consistently shed some of the area's
best blockers.

10. Ritenour's Bernard Hatley is a fine player on a poor team. The 6-3,
225-pound senior has played strong, fast and at a high level against good
competition.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: HIGH SCHOOLS; FOOTBALL RECRUITING NOTEBOOK; Danny Heitert is editor of
STC Grid Reports. 314-353-5711

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday

RI State Police Arrest Eight Subjects for DWI During the Holiday Weekend

LENGTH: 406  words

DATELINE: New York



 Providence: The State of Rhode Island has issued the followin news release:
 RI State Police Arrest Eight Subjects for DWI During the Holiday Weekend



 Rhode Island State Police Arrest Eight Subjects for Driving While Intoxicated
During the Holiday Weekend



 For Immediate Release



 January 3, 2017



 Contact: Captain John M. Allen District "A" Commander RISP Headquarters (401)
444-1008 ________________________________________



 Colonel Ann C. Assumpico, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested eight (8) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated during the New
Year's Holiday weekend.





 The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving while
Intoxicated:



 Victor M. Sotelo, age 36, of 221 California Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown) o Refusal to Submit to a
Chemical Test o Disorderly Conduct



 James J. Martin, age 32, of 385 Cass Avenue, Woonsocket, Rhode Island o Driving
Under the Influence - 1st Offense (Blood Results Pending) o Driving Without a
License o Superior Court Warrant



 Ryan D. Rooney, age 30, of 13 Laurel Street, Johnston, Rhode Island o Driving
Under the Influence - 1st Offense (.148/.162)



 Brittney L. Pereira, age 22, of 15 Pembroke Avenue, Pawtucket, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (.135/.145)



 Michael O. Quarles, age 30, of 663 Broad Street, Central Falls, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown) o Refusal to Submit to a
Chemical Test



 Joel A. Medina, age 31, of 112 Washington Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown) o Refusal to Submit to a
Chemical Test o Reckless Driving



 Michael F. Mahoney, age 40, of 62 Waldeck Street, Dorchester, Massachusetts o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (Blood Results Pending) o Driving with
a Suspended License



 Stephen P. Chatowsky, age 46, of 148 Woody Hill Road, Hopkinton, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 2nd Offense o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test




 In total, Troopers effected 62 arrests, investigated 61 accidents and issued
694 summonses during the holiday weekend.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

FBI REPORT: VIOLENT AND PROPERTY CRIME DOWN;
Some community flare-ups defy statistics

SECTION: ; Pg. Z3

LENGTH: 326 words


Crime scene tape hangs where a 23-year-old man was shot and killed over the
Labor Day weekend in Chicago.

WASHINGTON Overall violent crime and property offenses declined slightly last
year across much of the country, continuing a downward trajectory even as some
communities battled disparate surges in violence, according to a new FBI report.

Robbery recorded the largest decline at 5.6%, and murder was down 0.5% in 2014,
but rape and aggravated assault ticked up 2.4% and 2%, respectively, the report
found. Property offenses dropped in each category: Burglary was down 10.5%,
larceny-theft declined by nearly 3% and vehicle thefts declined by 1.5%.

The FBI report comes as some cities confront troubling increases in violence,
prompting the Justice Department to call a meeting next month of law enforcement
authorities "to explore what measures are working," Deputy Attorney General
Sally Yates said Monday.

"We have witnessed a remarkable drop in crime since the 1980s, both violent
crime and crime overall," Yates said. "Entire cities have been transformed,
unlocking tremendous potential and releasing a wave of prosperity. But despite
these successes, we know it's not true everywhere. There are still neighborhoods
- far too many neighborhoods - where bloodshed has become a fact of life."

Yates' remarks in Detroit came while announcing an expansion of the federal
Violence Reduction Network to include five more cities where violent crime has
increased at a rate above the national average: Compton, Calif.; Flint, Mich.;
Little Rock; West Memphis, Ark.; and Newark, N.J. The program, launched last
year in Camden, N.J.; Wilmington, Del.; Detroit; Chicago; and the
Oakland-Richmond, Calif., area, provides communities with access to federal law
enforcement resources to assist local agencies.

In Flint, where homicide is up nearly 70% this year, Police Chief James W.
Tolbert said the violence is commonly related to domestic abuse, drugs and
robbery.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 28, 2010 Tuesday

Offense looks to maintain consistency

BYLINE: Dave Morrison, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 671 words


Dec. 28--MORGANTOWN -- West Virginia's rugged defense against North Carolina
State's explosive offense.

That's the official prelude to today's Champs Sports Bowl pitting the
Mountaineers (9-3, 5-2 Big East) against the Wolfpack (8-4, 5-3 ACC) at 6:30
p.m. in Orlando, Fla. The game will be televised live on ESPN.

But it might be what the other side of the ball does for each team that decides
the game.

Can West Virginia's resurgent offense (31 points per game in four wins after
scoring just 27 points in back-to-back losses to Syracuse and Connecticut,
losses that kept WVU from winning the Big East outright and going to the BCS)
score against a fast N.C. State defense?

"We're playing good right now," said slot receiver Tavon Austin, one of the
Mountaineers' leading receivers (53 catches for 757 yards and eight touchdowns).
"We're just coming together at the right time."

Quarterback Geno Smith has had a stellar sophomore season, his first year as a
full-time starter.

Smith has thrown for 2,567 yards (219 of 333 passing) with 23 touchdowns and
just six interceptions. He wasn't picked off in the Mountaineers' last five
games, after throwing half of his picks in the Syracuse game (a 19-14 loss).

Keeping the offense on the late-season roll is important, Smith said.

"We have to get back in the groove of things," Smith said. "We have a big game
coming up, and we have to get our minds right."

He's had an arsenal of wide receivers, in addition to Austin.

Slot receiver Jock Sanders, the career leader in receptions (201), has 64
catches for 670 yards and four TDs. Brad Starks has 19 for 317 and four TDs,
Stedman Bailey 20 for 256 and three TDs and running back Noel Devine 30 for 237
and a touchdown.

Devine, a Heisman hopeful when the season started, should be as close to 100
percent as he's been since getting injured in the LSU game in week four.

Devine has rushed for 886 yards on 201 carries and six touchdowns. Ryan Clarke
has added 291 and eight touchdowns and Shawne Alston 242.

The Florida native is looking forward to his final game as a Mountaineer in his
home state.

"This is just a homecoming," Devine said. "It's about coming out and playing
football and just enjoying every minute of it.

"This time has just been about bonding with my team and enjoying our last few
days together. I've been speaking to the younger guys and telling them how it is
and that they need to keep the tradition going. They need to be Mountaineers and
work hard."

Stewart thinks his team will retain the offensive swagger with which it ended
the season.

"Here's the biggest problem I see with them -- if their front seven can get to
us before we can get the ball to our playmakers in space, then they will be very
successful," Stewart said. "If we can keep those guys from getting to us and get
the ball in the flat to Jock and Tavon, I don't think those guys can tackle
them. That's going to be the key. We can also pop them with our run game if they
loosen a little. Geno has to run the football for us to be successful, and he
will run the football. What you've seen over the last four games is what you're
going to see (tonight)."

Of course, there is the possibility of distractions -- WVU hired new offensive
coordinator Dana Holgorsen and announced he will succeed Stewart after the 2011
season, and offensive coordinator Jeff Mullen and offensive line coach Dave
Johnson aren't being retained -- hindering the Mountaineer attack.

Smith isn't concerned with that.

"We have to focus," the quarterback said. "I don't think the distractions are
going to bother us and we will come out ready to play. We had some time to enjoy
the holiday season but now it's time to get back to work."

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101228-WZ-Offense-looks-to-maintain-consistency-1228-20101228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2010 The Register-Herald


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday
                                2 Tampa Edition

DEFENSE OF THE DAY - TEXAS TECH

BYLINE: AARON GREENFIELD, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: COLLEGE EXTRA; TWO-MINUTE DRILL; Pg. 2X

LENGTH: 611 words


"Second half, the offense slumped but the defense picked up our slack. Thank God
for the defense." Believe it or not, that's Texas Tech quarterback Steven
Sheffield talking about the Texas Tech defense after Saturday's 31-10 win at No.
15 Nebraska. Texas Tech ... the school known for putting up huge offensive
numbers. Against the Cornhuskers, the defense allowed only 285 yards of offense
and scored on Daniel Howard's 82-yard fumble return. Oh, the offense did put up
numbers. Sheffield, in his second start for the injured Taylor Potts, completed
14 of his first 16 passes and finished with 234 passing yards. Still, it was the
defense that carried the day. Here's coach Mike Leach: "We tested them in about
every way that we could. Bad field position. The offense goes three-and-out and
then three-and-out. It was like, 'What are you going to do about this, defense?'
They just kept stepping up."

* * *

Players of the day

Montel Harris, RB Boston College

The sophomore ran for 264 yards and five TDs in a 52-20 win over N.C. State.

Dwayne Harris, WR East Carolina

The junior returned a kickoff 92 yards for a TD and caught nine passes for 128
yards and two TDs in a 49-13 win over Rice.

Brian Hendricks, LB Wyoming

The sophomore made 23 tackles in a 10-0 loss to Air Force.

Mark Ingram, RB Alabama

The sophomore ran for 246 yards and a TD in a 20-6 win over South Carolina.

C.J. Spiller, RB Clemson

In a 38-3 win over Wake Forest, the senior scored on runs of 66 and 14 yards and
became the first ACC player to surpass 6,000 all-purpose yards.

Blair White, WR Michigan State

The senior caught 12 passes for 186 yards and two TDs in a 24-14 win over
Northwestern. Both touchdowns came in the third quarter, which the Spartans
entered trailing 7-0.

* * *

The Unbeatens

Alabama

Florida

Texas

Boise State

Iowa

TCU

Cincinnati

* * *

Conference of the day

MAC

Six I-A teams remain winless, and half come from one conference. The winless
with their record and scoring margin (MAC teams in bold):

Ball State................0-7........213-139

Eastern Michigan......0-6........207-81

Miami (Ohio)............0-7.......248-71

New Mexico.............0-6........227-87

Rice........................0-7........315-112

Western Kentucky....0-6........231-91

* * *

Turnaround of the day

Kansas State

Last week at Texas Tech, the Wildcats trailed 38-0 at halftime and allowed 739
yards in losing 66-14. Saturday at home against Texas A&M, the Wildcats led 38-0
- behind four rushing touchdowns by Daniel Thomas - and gained 424 yards in
winning 62-14.

* * *

Obscure game of the day

Sioux Falls 28, North Dakota 13

Lorenzo Brown threw for three touchdowns and ran for one as the visiting
Cougars, an NAIA team, beat the I-AA Sioux. However, Sioux Falls is no ordinary
NAIA team. The defending NAIA champs have won 21 in a row and now have outscored
this season's seven opponents 375-46. Good news for their opponents, though: The
Baptist-affiliated 1,600-student school in South Dakota moves up to Division II
in 2011.

* * *

Winner of the day

Idaho

By beating Hawaii 35-23 at home, the Vandals are 6-1. It's their most wins since
going 7-4 in 1999. That also was their last winning season. Idaho has gone to
only one bowl game, beating Southern Miss 42-35 in the 1998 Humanitarian Bowl in
Boise. Speaking of Boise, the Vandals go there on Nov. 14 to take on the No. 5
Broncos.

* * *

Number of the day

4 Consecutive wins for Temple after beating Army 27-13, its most since 1985.
"There's a confidence right now even as there's ebb and flow in the game," coach
Al Golden said. "There's a confidence on the sideline that we hadn't had before.
To not lose in a month is a big deal."

Information from Times wires contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: Brandon Sharpe, who had four sacks, bats down
Zac Lee's pass during the first half of a 31-10 win at Nebraska. PHOTO -
Associated Press: Steve Maneri catches a touchdown despite Army's Donnie Dixon
to put Temple up 20-13 with 7:25 left.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 29, 2013 Tuesday

Commentary: BYU's Robert Anae deserves a hat tip for resurrecting the Cougar
offense

BYLINE: Lafe Peavler Deseret News

LENGTH: 664 words


Remember when BYU offensive coordinator Robert Anae wasn't the most popular
coach in Provo? Now as BYU enters its second bye week with a 6-2 record, Cougar
fans should be throwing Anae a parade in front of LaVell Edwards Stadium. After
all, he is the main man responsible for resurrecting the BYU offense. No, BYU's
offense isn't flawless by any stretch of the imagination.

The Cougars still have some work to do on finishing drives with touchdowns as
well as not shooting themselves in the foot with silly mistakes and
drive-killing penalties. But it is most certainly back from the dead. In fact,
BYU is No. 12 nationally in total offense. What a difference a few weeks make.
Cougar fans and the local Utah media aren't the only ones to pick up on Anae's
transformation of the offense. Ralph Russo of the Associated Press wrote about
BYU's up-tempo transformation, praising the progress the Cougar offense has
made: "And it's working great. An offense that struggled against good
competition last year is not just running more plays, but gaining more yards and
scoring more points per play." High praise indeed. However, it wasn't too long
ago BYU fans were grumbling about Anae and the offense. The Cougar offense
wasn't very effective against Virginia (16 points, 362 yards total offense) and
arch-rival Utah (13 points, 402 yards total offense). The charges against Anae
were familiar ones from the last time he was the offensive coordinator. The
chief complaint was that Anae's offense is too predictable. Even after BYU's
rout of Texas, many BYU fans weren't satisfied with BYU's apparent lack of
progress. That's what a tough rivalry loss will do to how the fans view a coach.
Since then, however, BYU's offense has improved by leaps and bounds. Compared to
last season, the Cougar offense has drastically improved in rushing yards per
game (258.8 vs. 153.1), total yards per game (511.1 vs. 400.4), plays per game
(89.8 vs. 77.1) and points per game (32.4 vs. 28.7). While the passing yards per
game is essentially a wash (252.4 vs. 247.2), what's remarkable is that BYU
averaged just 152 yards in its first two games.

BYUs Offensive Production

| Create infographics In the last two games against Houston and Boise State,
Taysom Hill averaged 378 yards passing per game. Hill won the Capital One Cup
Impact Performance of the Week after his 545 yards of total offense against
Houston, despite taking eight sacks. Yes, there are times even now where Anae's
offense becomes a bit conservative and predictable. The Cougar offense sputtered
against Boise State after Mitch Mathews caught a 40-yard touchdown pass from
Hill to put BYU up 31-6. The Cougars went three-and-out four times and scored
just six points after that touchdown, and three of those points came from a
Boise State fumble, followed by a personal foul penalty that put BYU inside the
blue zone. Still, can anyone complain now that BYU can win with its offense as
well as its defense? Take the game at Houston again as an example. If BYU had
given up 46 points last season to this same team, the Cougars would have lost
that game in a rout. While the Cougars scored more than 46 points three times
last season, that was against bottom-dwellers like Hawaii (3-9), Idaho (1-11)
and New Mexico State (1-11). This game probably would have ended like BYU's
42-24 loss to Oregon State. The fact that BYU scored 47 points and won the game
speaks volumes on how far this team has come. It's also remarkable when you
think BYU scored 37 points on Boise State when this same offense was only able
to score six last season. The question remains if the rejuvenated BYU offense
can win on the road against a ranked opponent, and we'll find out as the Cougars
travel to No. 24 Wisconsin on Nov. 9. However, one thing is certain as BYU
prepares for its next big test: Anae has resurrected BYU's offense, and he
deserves a tip of the hat. Lafe Peavler is a sportswriter intern at the Deseret
News. Follow him on Twitter @MasterPeavler

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Flagler County News of Record

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1207  words


NEWS OF RECORD


COUNTY JAIL DOCKET

Ruben Boatwright Jr., 45, Palm Coast, child abuse, DUI; Lindsey Bruns, 23, Palm
Coast, failure to appear traffic offense, DUI, driving with a suspended license;
Robert Bucala, 30, Palm Coast, violation of probation misdemeanor offense;
Calvin Burnham, 53, DeLand, violation of probation felony offense; Tavarez
Calloway, 21, Palm Coast, lewd and lascivious battery on a child 12-16 years of
age (2); Robert Chapman, 45, Ormond Beach, grand theft; Kevin Chaviano, 22, Palm
Coast, shoplifting/retail theft, possession of marijuana under 20 grams,
possession of hashish; Doris Colon, 45, Staten Island, N.Y., battery domestic
violence; Charles Coppolino, 19, Port Orange, shoplifting/retail theft, failure
to appear felony offense (2); Ronnie Danley, 58, Bunnell, serving sentence for
court; Susan Donnelly, 33, Jacksonville, driving with an expired license more
than 4 months, DUI; Corey Doyle-Carlson, 23, Palm Coast, driving with a
suspended license with knowledge; Sylvia Dozier, 47, Bunnell, failure to appear
misdemeanor offense; Michael Dysard, 34, Bunnell, battery; Ramsey Fanor, 20,
Palm Coast, violation of probation misdemeanor offense; Nicole Fenley, 25, Palm
Coast, shoplifting/retail theft; Ryan Giovine, 32, Palm Coast, violation of
probation felony offense; Jessica Gravell, 26, Palm Coast, violation of
probation felony offense; Daniel Gray, 30, Palm Coast, out-of- county warrant
(6); David Gregory Sr., 54, Palm Coast, out-of- county warrant; David Harris,
25, Palm Coast, violation of pretrial release (felony); Wesley Jackson, 27, Palm
Coast, cruelty to animals; Aaron Johnson, 21, Palm Coast, failure to appear
misdemeanor offense; Eleaser Johnson IV, 29, Palm Coast, violation of probation
felony offense; Christian Jordan, 21, Palm Coast, driving with suspended license
with knowledge; Raymond Jozefek, 53, Palm Coast, serving sentence for court;
Jason Kenney, 40, Palm Coast, disorderly intoxication; Christopher Kinney, 31,
Palm Coast, failure to pay child support; Patrick Maelaro, 62, Palm Coast,
battery domestic violence; Dustin Mandt, 42, Palm Coast, violation of probation
misdemeanor offense; Edwin Melendez, 42, Palm Coast, obstructing justice,
failure to pay child support; Nicholas Meyer, 26, Palm Coast, DUI; Danielle
Mullener, 28, Palm Coast, violation of probation felony offense; Olivia
O'Kelley, 19, Palm Coast, battery domestic violence; Jeremy Penland, 35, Ormond
Beach, aggravated abuse, domestic battery by strangulation; Charles Phillips,
40, Bunnell, returned for court; Forrest Price, 31, Palm Coast, no Florida
driver's license; Dawn Reid, 33, Palm Coast, driving with a suspended license
with knowledge; Matthew Richards, 21, Palm Coast, shoplifting/retail theft;
Dorothy Robinson, 83, Palm Coast, shoplifting/retail theft; Angela Rodriguez,
30, Bunnell, violation of probation misdemeanor offense; David Salle, 32, Palm
Coast, DUI; William Shannon, 58, Interlachen, Fla., violation of probation
felony offense; Jasmine Stokes, 20, Palm Coast, possession of marijuana under 20
grams; Theresa Swim, 30, Palm Coast, battery domestic violence; John Tripp Sr.,
50, Palm Coast, disorderly intoxication.


SUITS

Nationstar Mortgage LLC v. Estate of Hilda Collins, real property. Green Tree
Servicing LLC v. Joseph D. Debonis, real property. JPMorgan Chase Bank NA v.
Mihir Dange, real property. JPMorgan Chase Bank NA v. Toni Bater, real property.
PNC Bank NA v. Mark Kotlarsky, real property. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Orion
Acquisitions LLC, real property. Washington Mutual Mortgage Pass- Through
Certificates WMALT series 2006-AR4 Trust v. Dukenel Jean- Pierre, real property.
Citimortgage Inc. v. Dale Lindner, real property. Bank of America NA v. Astrid
Cruz, real property. Federal National Mortgage Association v. Olha Tinyszin,
real property. Nationstar Mortgage LLC v. Estate of Dolores Burley, real
property. Bank of America NA v. Robert Rowe, real property.

LIENS

Residences at European village Condominium Association Inc. v. Palm Coast
Management Group, $48,521. Hammock Beach Club Condominium Association Inc. v.
Joseph M. McFadden and John Reynolds, $14,313. Palm Pointe 1 Condominium
Association Inc. v. Walter Maystrenko, $15,428. Palm Pointe 1 Condominium
Association Inc. v. Candido and Joyce Cotto, $7,799. European Village Garage
Condominium Association Inc. v.: American Dream Companies Inc., unit P090,
$1,550; American Dream Companies Inc., unit P091, $1,550; American Dream
Companies Inc., unit P092, $1,550; American Dream Companies Inc., unit P094,
$1,550; American Dream Companies Inc., Unit P095, $1,550; American Dream
Companies Inc., unit P097, $1,550. CMP Commercial Condominium Inc. v.: LS27 LLC,
unit D110, $4,937; LS27 LLC, unit D204, $4,937; LS27 LLC, unit D205, $4,937;
LS27 LLC, unit D206, $4,937; LS27 LLC, unit D207, $4,937; LS27 LLC, unit D209,
$4,937; LS27 LLC, unit D214, $4,937; LS27 LLC, unit D215, $4,937; LS27 LLC, unit
D216, $4,937. First Quality Plumbing Inc. v. Evie M. and William C. Monroe,
$12,959. Sea Colony Homeowners Association Inc. v. Harry H. Hiltz Jr., $90.
Tidelands Condominium Association Inc. v.: Art Kieffer, $39,839; John and Janet
Martin, $11,193; John R. and Sharon Markwood, $6,642; Chung Ho and Shumann
Chang, $7,995; Mark Doxtader and Wayne Black, $7,749; Luyen D. Tran, $5,043.
Cinnamon Beach at Ocean Hammock Condominium Association Inc. v.: U.S. Bank NA,
$27,766.

MARRIAGES

Jesse Demarco and Cindy Tardella, both of Palm Coast. William Spring, Flagler
Beach, and Phyllis Spring, Orlando. Alan Altarac and Erin Minogue, both of Palm
Coast. Joseph Marino and Nilda Marino, both of Palm Coast. Gordon Lewis and
Sheryl Jumpp, both of Palm Coast. Malcolm Finlayson and Lorrene McGuire, both of
Palm Coast. Ronald Walker and Janet Glenn, both of Chapin, S.C. Thiago Ferreira
and Elizabeth Saparato, both of Palm Coast. Ralph Hand and Tracy Wilkes, both of
Palm Coast. James Roche IV and Margot Meeks, both of St. Augustine. William
Lambertson and Xiomara Caldwell, both of Palm Coast. Kyle Schwantes and Amy
Hunter, both of Palm Coast. Donald Wilson, Daytona Beach, and Anne Boyle, Ormond
Beach. Christopher Hunt and Sharon Nelson, both of Lizella, Ga. Curtis Moden and
Genevieve Terry, both of Palm Coast. Joseph Dibella and Lindsay Sagala, both of
Palm Coast. Michael Bogdan and Christine Bohdan, both of Palm Coast. Michael
Baenen and Kathryn Rice, both of Palm Coast.

DISSOLUTIONS

Taffi v. Michael Boyd. Bridget Barton v. Juan Quiles III. Joseph v. Delores
Mitchell. Ana Salas-Larkin v. Paul Larkin. Maryann v. Keith Santana. Brooke v.
Larry Wooters. James v. Jenny Norris. Donna v. Mark Anderson. Fabio v. Juliana
DaFonseca.

BIRTHS

KIERNAN/WIND: Kevin Kiernan and Cheyanne Wind, Palm Coast, are the parents of a
son weighing 7 pounds, 4 ounces, born at 10:20 p.m. Sept. 13, 2014, at Halifax
Health Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

HARRIS: Nikki Harris, Palm Coast, is the mother of a daughter weighing 6 pounds,
7 ounces, born at 12:45 p.m. Sept. 26, 2014, at Florida Hospital Memorial
Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

MAKSIMYUK: Yuliya and Andrey Maksimyuk, Palm Coast, are the parents of a son
weighing 6 pounds, 5 ounces, born at 2:44 p.m. Sept. 24, 2014, at Florida
Hospital Memorial Medical Center, Daytona Beach.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2014 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2014 News-Journal Corporation


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 30, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Rich Rodriguez

BYLINE: By PETE THAMEL

SECTION: Section 8; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 366 words


A common thread wove through college football at every level this year: when a
team spreads the field on offense, it can tip the competitive balance.

Florida used that strategy to upset undefeated Ohio State in the national
championship game in January. This season, Appalachian State used it to stun
Michigan in September and went on to win a third consecutive Football
Championship Subdivision title.

Carroll, a small college in Helena, Mont., also used the spread to reaffirm its
dominance in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics with its
fifth title in six years in December.

Few have exploited this notion more than Rich Rodriguez, who left West Virginia
this month to coach Michigan. By hiring Rodriguez, Michigan, which had clung to
its Bo Schembechler-bred power football roots, essentially pulled its head from
the proverbial cloud of dust and conceded that gaining 3 yards at a time was no
way to win national titles.

Rodriguez is considered a godfather of the spread offense. He ran it as the
coach at Glenville State in West Virginia in the early 1990s and had successful
stints as the offensive coordinator at Tulane and Clemson.

This season, he had West Virginia one victory from the national title game.

Rodriguez, however, did not invent the spread offense;  Dennis Erickson used it
as an assistant  as early as the 1970s. Perhaps more than anyone, Rodriguez has
fine-tuned the offense. He has shown that the spread can be as effective with a
passing quarterback like Shaun King at Tulane as it is with a running
quarterback like Pat White at West Virginia.

Although Boise State's trick-play-laden victory against Oklahoma in the Fiesta
Bowl last January will probably be the touchstone for this era of parity,
football experts will point to the propagation of the spread offense.

That is fine with Rodriguez, who has shown a willingness to share the offense
with fellow coaches during spring practice, as long as their teams are not on
his schedule. Florida's Urban Meyer, Carroll's Mike Van Diest and Appalachian
State's Jerry Moore  visited Rodriguez for tutorials in the last few years.

The spread is spreading --  just check the trophy cases.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Rodriguez has spread his style of offense. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JEFF
GENTNER/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 8, 1994, Saturday

Around the South REGION IN BRIEF Abortion clinic access law won't be cited in
shooting

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 444 words


Federal authorities say they will not file charges against an anti- abortion
demonstrator who allegedly was shot at after harassing the wife of the suspected
gunman outside a Baton Rouge, La., abortion clinic.

U.S. Attorney L.J. Hymel said he is unlikely to bring charges under a federal
law that ensures access to abortion clinics. The law was prompted by the 1993
slaying of a physician at a Pensacola, Fla., abortion clinic, and the first
conviction under it came Wednesday, when former minister Paul Hill was found
guilty in connection with two July 29 slayings at another Pensacola clinic.

Meanwhile, Ernest Robertson, 22, the suspect in the Baton Rouge shooting,
remained in jail on a charge of attempted murder. Bond was set at $ 75,000.
Robertson told police that Richard Mahoney shouted at his wife as she left the
clinic and refused to stop despite Robertson's pleas that he do so.

Earlier this week, Louisiana health officials recommended that federal officials
pull the license of the Baton Rouge facility because of questions about its
laboratory testing. Clinic officials gave the federal officials a report Friday
detailing how they would bring the facility into compliance.

ALL TOGETHER NOW: The University of the South, in tiny Sewanee, Tenn., is
celebrating 25 years of women being a part of the student body. This weekend's
reunion of female alumni will be highlighted by keynote speaker Kaye Gibbons, a
Sewanee graduate and novelist, and by the creation of a movable wall featuring
such memorabilia as pictures, poems and stories of women's experiences at the
school, which was founded in 1856. In 1969, 105 women were admitted. Now half
the 1,200 students are women.

HOSPITAL RAPES ALLEGED: More than 20 females say they were raped by a male nurse
while under anesthesia and helpless in a recovery room of Citrus Memorial
Hospital in Inverness, Fla. Police say Bruce Alan Young, 45, a nurse, has been
charged with two rapes since a nurse found him having sex with an unconscious
15-year-old this week. Young allegedly has admitted to that rape as well as
sexually assaulting a 22-year-old patient in August.

ELSEWHERE

Clarksdale, Miss., will salute native son Tennessee Williams with a symposium on
his plays - and a production of "Summer and Smoke" - Thursday through next
Saturday. . . . The Tennessee State Museum paid $ 16,100 for an 1856 photo of
Nashville's Courthouse Square that was auctioned off at Sotheby's in New York. .
. . Johnny Kormondy, 21, of Pensacola, Fla., and James Hazen, 22, of Ponca City,
Okla., cousins who killed a Pensacola banker and raped his wife, were condemned
to die in Florida's electric chair.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942850226

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     November 3, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

NATION IN BRIEF;
3 are arrested in woman's imprisonment

BYLINE: From our news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 02B

LENGTH: 1087 words


When social workers in Cleveland finally found Christine Garrity locked in a
filthy attic, the mentally impaired woman weighed just 60 pounds and was so
hungry that she lunged at some cereal and began stuffing her mouth. This past
week, nearly five months after that shocking discovery, Garrity's sister,
brother-in-law and niece were arrested on charges of keeping the woman locked up
for months and stealing her $ 600 monthly Social Security checks to buy pizza,
sandwiches and mail order goods.

"They kept her as a prisoner," Sheriff Gerald McFaul said Saturday. "They
treated her like a dog. Every time she wanted something to eat, they would whack
her."

Mary Good, 41, Martin Good, 51, and Mary Good's daughter, Elizabeth Reyes, 21,
had fled Cleveland last month after being indicted on charges of attempted
murder, felonious assault and kidnapping. They were arrested in Philadelphia on
Thursday and are fighting extradition to Ohio. It was not immediately clear why
authorities waited so long to indict the Goods and Reyes after Garrity's
condition was discovered in June.

Garrity, 42, was allowed out only to beg for money in shopping malls, McFaul
said. He said the trio would take the money and return Garrity to the attic.

CRIME Stalking Batman

Three people face burglary and trespassing charges for going on the Warner Bros.
lot in Burbank, Calif., to secretly videotape Arnold Schwarzenegger in backstage
scenes from the upcoming "Batman and Robin" movie, in which he plays Mr. Freeze.
Two men were arraigned Friday and a woman faces arraignment on Nov. 8. The
studio said guards found a note on one of the men that said, "Batman only - $
35,000." They also found a camera in his sock with 35 prints and a hat wired
with a hidden video camera. The woman allegedly had several tapes of George
Clooney, who plays Batman in the film. Four days before the arrests,
behind-the-scenes video of the film aired on TV's "Inside Edition." Warner Bros.
said it believes the trio provided the program with the tape. The movie is set
for a summer release.

Accused killer dies

A man charged with killing two high school cheerleaders and scattering their
remains across central New York was found dead in his jail cell. State police
Capt. William Foley gave no other details about the death. John B. Andrews, 31,
was being held in the Tompkins County Jail without bail. WSYR radio in Syracuse,
quoting anonymous sources in the county sheriff's department, said Andrews
committed suicide at 3 a.m. A computer lathe operator, Andrews was indicted
Thursday on nine counts of first-degree murder, which qualified him for the
death penalty. The 26- count indictment also charged Andrews with nine counts of
second-degree murder, felony kidnapping, sexual abuse and burglary. He was to
have been arraigned Wednesday. Andrews, of McLean, was accused of kidnapping 16-
year-olds Sarah Hajney and Jennifer Bolduc on Oct. 4 from Hajney's home in
Dryden, where the two were house-sitting for Sarah's vacationing parents.

Unnecessary roughness

New Mexico state police will recommend that charges be filed against an
Albuquerque high school football player expelled for wearing a sharpened buckle
on his helmet that injured several players on an opposing team. State Police
Deputy Chief John Cordova said Friday he will ask District Attorney Robert
Schwartz to charge former St. Pius junior Mike Cito with aggravated battery, and
Cito's father, Stephen Cito, with conspiracy for allegedly sharpening the
buckle. The school's principal said last month that Cito's father claimed
responsibility for sharpening the buckle. Five Albuquerque Academy players
suffered cuts during the Oct. 12 game, including one who needed 10 stitches. A
referee also was cut. The Citos have not talked to the media.

AVIATION Rudder tests ordered

All Boeing 737 airliners will undergo Federal Aviation Administration-ordered
emergency tests after a rudder control valve jammed in a laboratory experiment
under extreme conditions. The order, announced Friday, says the FAA will review
- and possibly enlarge - Boeing's suggested inspection plan. The manufacturer
issued a service bulletin directing a test of the rudder control system on each
of the 2,700 737s now in service within 10 days, and then again each time a
plane has flown 250 hours. "This event is extremely rare," said Guy Gardner, the
FAA's associate administrator for certification and regulation. "They are going
with what's in their service bulletin, and we are analyzing it. We agree with
it, but we want to look at it and make sure it's sufficient." Despite the
unusual order and the National Transportation Safety Board tests that prompted
it, the FAA still believes the Boeing 737 is a plane "with a high level of
safety," Gardner said. If the FAA decides Boeing's self-imposed testing policy
is not stringent enough, it could order additional tests, or reduce the amount
of flying hours between inspections. The NTSB tests were conducted, with
Boeing's cooperation, at the company's Seattle aircraft plant.

Navy's last dive

Scuba divers began to wind down their three-month search for the shattered
wreckage from Trans World Airlines Flight 800 Saturday, and, sometime today, the
Navy will conclude one of the largest deep-sea salvage missions in U.S. history.
Despite more than 3,200 dives in an operation that retrieved 95 percent of the
shattered jumbo jet and the remains of 214 of the 230 victims, investigators
still do not know whether a malfunction or a criminal act caused the July 17
crash off Long Island, N.Y., which has evolved into a modern-day mystery. Divers
plan to explore the last wreckage area detected by side-scan sonar sometime
Sunday, Commander Gordon Hume, a Navy spokesman, said Saturday. Then, in a
last-ditch effort to try to retrieve some important unrecovered fragments, a
"scalloping" trawler will begin later this week to churn the ocean bottom for
pieces of the jet that may be buried beneath silt and sand.

5 die in crash

A twin-engine plane making a short hop between Hawaiian islands crashed into a
ridge on the rugged east coast of Molokai, killing all five people on board,
authorities said. The plane, which had planned a 10- mile trip from Molokai to
Maui, crashed Friday night and the wreckage was teetering on the ridge, police
Capt. Victor Tengan said. A helicopter will be used to move it to a more secure
site. Investigators had no details on the victims or a possible cause.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This story appeared in the Metro edition of The Atlanta Journal-
Constitution.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           February 22, 1994, Tuesday

NATION IN BRIEF Crews search for three in Lake Erie

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 4

LENGTH: 955 words


The Coast Guard searched today for three people who authorities think fell
through the ice on the eastern tip of Lake Erie when they tried to walk across
the ice to Canada.

The two women and a man, acquaintances from the University of Buffalo Law
School, set out Saturday to walk or ski the 10 miles from Hamburg, N.Y., to Port
Abino, Ontario. Though Lake Erie has been frozen, authorities say temperatures
in the 60s Saturday opened gaps in the ice.

COURTS

RAPE CASE EXAMINED: A special prosecutor has been chosen to investigate why five
men charged with gang raping a 23-year-old woman were fined $ 750 each and given
no prison time. Krista Absalon, who since has become a crusader for victims'
rights legislation, had pleaded with New York Gov. Mario Cuomo to reopen the
case after her alleged attackers plea-bargained felony rape charges into
misdemeanor convictions. She accused the men of raping her after she passed out
from drinking at a party in 1991. She said she knew nothing of the attack until
one of the men told her about it a week later. Cuomo on Monday asked Attorney
General G. Oliver Koppell to examine the case. The five men, all from
Gouverneur, about 95 miles north of Syracuse, pleaded guilty to sexual
misconduct and were fined $ 750 each. Prosecutor Richard Manning has said he did
not have enough evidence to take to a jury.

HEALTH CARE REFORM

LABOR TO FIGHT: The AFL-CIO is ready to spend $ 10 million supporting President
Clinton's health care reform plan - five times as much as it cost unions to
fight him on the North American Free Trade Agreement. AFL- CIO President Lane
Kirkland called enactment of a national health care program labor's "most
critical issue since the New Deal and the Social Security Act. We intend to
campaign as hard as we can for as long as we can," Kirkland said at Bal Harbour,
Fla., where the union leaders are meeting.

CRIME

CASINO GUARD ROBBED: A masked robber snatched $ 400,000 from an unarmed Atlantic
City, N.J., casino security guard, shot her in the eye and fled as a second man
grabbed a bag holding about $ 600,000. A casino patron, an off-duty policeman,
tackled the second man, who dropped the money and ran, state police spokesman
Daniel Cosgrove said. Guard Sharon McGovern, 54, was in stable condition today.
She was wheeling a cart containing bags of money across the floor at Merv
Griffin's Resorts Hotel and Casino Monday when the robbery occurred.

-CHEERLEADER CHARGED IN DAD'S SLAYING: A 15-year-old cheerleader and honors
student shot her father to death and her mother and brother burned the body on a
bonfire before chopping it into pieces, police in Missoula, Mont., said. Sarah
Butler was arrested Monday at school and charged in the Jan. 15 slaying of Tim
Butler, 40, as he slept. Donna Butler, 36, and Tim Jr., 14, were arrested and
charged with accountability for murder and obstruction of justice. "They had all
decided they would be better off without this guy," Missoula County Attorney
Robert L. Deschamps said. Two younger sons were taken into state custody.
Neighbors who loaned Sarah Butler a .22-caliber rifle told police they suspected
she used it to kill her father.

-COACH, STUDENT SOUGHT IN ATTACK: A coach and a 12-year-old basketball player
assaulted a referee when they were thrown out of a game in Florissant, Mo.,
sending him to the hospital with missing teeth and a broken ankle, police said.
Police were searching today for the coach and a player who allegedly attacked
Charles Murray during the championship game of a tournament for sixth graders on
Sunday, Sgt. Jerry Burke said. Murry threw out the coach and player for using
foul language. The coach then knocked him out with a punch and the 12-year-old
threw a chair at him, Burke said.

-WOMAN RECANTS ON ATM ROBBERY: Maryrose Posner, who claimed she was robbed at a
cash machine in Valley Stream, N.Y., said police coerced her into recanting the
story by throwing hot water and lit cigarettes at her during an eight-hour
interrogation. Detective Fred Eno, a Nassau County police spokesman, on Monday
called Posner's claim "absolutely ludicrous" and declined further comment.
Posner told police last week that a laughing man put a gun to her 2-year-old's
head and forced her to withdraw $ 200 from a cash machine. Police later said she
made up the story to get attention from her husband. Posner has been charged
with making a false report.

RECALLS

416,400 FORD VEHICLES SOUGHT: Ford Motor Co. is recalling 1992 and 1993 Crown
Victoria models used by police and taxis because a wiring problem could start a
fire under the front seat. It is also recalling 1993 and 1994 model F-Series
trucks and Broncos because faulty nuts mean the bumpers could be jarred loose.
Ford said that it has received two reports of smoke or fire in Crown Victorias
but no injuries, and no injuries or accidents caused by the bad nuts. It is
recalling 16,400 of the cars and about 400,000 of the trucks and utility
vehicles.

SCIENCE

CFCs STILL A THREAT TO OZONE: The increase in concentration of
chloroflurocarbons in the atmosphere has been reduced by half since industrial
nations agreed in 1987 to phase out manufacture of the ozone- depleting
chemical, researchers report. But experts say chlorofluorocarbons already
released into the atmosphere will continue to savage ozone, the natural chemical
that protects Earth from the sun's harmful radiation. At a symposium at the
national meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in
San Francisco on Monday, researchers reported that chlorofluorocarbons, or CFCs,
increased at the rate of 4 percent annually through the 1980s, but the rate has
now slowed to about 2 percent.

From our news services

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940540117

GRAPHIC: Photo: Officers buried - A police sergeant wipes away tears Monday in
Palos Verdes Estates, Calif., at a memorial for two fellow officers killed by a
gunman who burst into a police seminar. / Knight-Ridder Tribune

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

THE 8th ANNUAL YEAR IN IDEAS; Spreading The Offense

BYLINE: By RICHARD MORGAN

SECTION: Section MM; Column 0; Magazine Desk; 8TH ANNUAL YEAR IN IDEAS; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 363 words


This year, a strong season from a small suburban San Francisco high-school
football team drew attention to its radical A-11 offense, a sprawling formation
in which all 11 players are potentially eligible receivers. And in the pros, the
idea of creatively spreading the offense found expression in the so-called
Wildcat formation, which the Miami Dolphins first used in September to pummel
the New England Patriots in a surprising 38-13 victory. It is now popular
leaguewide.

The A-11, which employs a legal but cleverly modified punt formation, can use
linemen as receivers and commonly includes up to four quarterbacks at once.
Steve Humphries, the offensive coordinator at Piedmont High School who created
the A-11, did so to help his undersize team compete against larger squads.
''Because A-11 makes everybody eligible, it looks a lot more like soccer and
less like guys slamming into each other,'' Humphries says. Defenses are often
left baffled, and even angered, by the formation's various possible permutations
and unorthodox passing schemes. Though the A-11 complies with the current rules
of the National Federation of State High School Associations, the federation
plans when it meets next month to address the controversy over whether the
offense is an unfair loophole-abusing gimmick or a legitimate addition to
offensive strategy.

In the Wildcat offense now popular in the N.F.L., the running back lines up at
quarterback, the quarterback splits wide as a receiver and another running back
lines up at wingback. It's an adaptation of the single-wing formation created in
1907 and was revived (as the Wildhog) a few years ago by the University of
Arkansas running back Darren McFadden, now with the Oakland Raiders. The
Pittsburgh Steelers' head coach, Mike Tomlin, said this fall that N.F.L. coaches
watching McFadden's consistent, deft use of the offense gave rise to its use in
the pros.

Some observers dismiss the innovation as mere fashion. ''Wildcat got crazy,''
says the football analyst Aaron Schatz. ''Everyone's doing some knockoff version
built around giving a direct snap to a running back. But it's a silly fad, like
leg warmers and parachute pants.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING: SPREADING THE OFFENSE: In this sample A-11 formation, two
quarterbacks are in the shotgun position and six receivers line up. The defense
has to spread itself thin to cover every eligible receiver, providing new
opportunities for the offense. (DRAWING BY THOMAS POROSTOCKY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC McGaughey Chris; The Associated Press

SECTION: 2,B; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 605 words


PHILADELPHIA   Adrian Peterson struggled with a new system, so he got what he
wanted. DeMarco Murray had trouble in a different offense, so he was benched.

More NFL teams are running the ball out of shotgun and pistol formations instead
of an I-formation or a split-back set. Power football has become more
old-fashioned than old school.

It s been a tough trend for some of the league s elite running backs.

After missing nearly the entire 2014 season, Peterson returned to the Minnesota
Vikings and found the team operating much of its offense with quarterback Teddy
Bridgewater in the shotgun. Peterson wasn t comfortable getting carries without
a full head of steam. He said he was  hesitant  following a loss to San
Francisco in Week 1.

It quickly became clear to Vikings offensive coordinator Norv Turner that
Peterson ran better in a traditional formation. Peterson averaged just 1.7 yards
per carry in the shotgun and 5.3 yards under center through the first 12 games.

Our bread and better has been my bread and butter from 8 yards back,  Peterson
said last month.  Coach Turner, he s noticed that, and we just kind of put our
team and the offense in position to be more productive.

Catering the offense to Peterson s skills helped the Vikings start 8-2 before
three straight losses, including Thursday night at Arizona. Peterson leads the
league with 1,251 yards rushing, most coming with Bridgewater under center.

In Philadelphia, coach Chip Kelly takes plenty of heat for not tailoring his
offense to suit Murray. The 2014 NFL rushing champion hasn t lived up to
expectations after leaving Dallas to join the Eagles. He played just 14 snaps in
a win at New England last week.

Some blame Murray s struggles on his inability to adapt to Kelly s up-tempo
offense run mostly out of the shotgun. Murray was a downhill runner playing
behind an excellent offensive line on the Cowboys. He ran straight ahead and
found gaping holes.

Murray isn t hitting the open lanes quickly this season and he seems
uncomfortable on sweeps and zone-read plays.

Asked if the offense would be better if Kelly adapted the plays to his
strengths, Murray said:  I don t call the plays.

His terse response indicates his displeasure with the scheme.

Most running backs prefer lining up deep in the backfield because it allows them
to get a running start and gives them better field vision. The shotgun is more
advantageous for the quarterback in what has become a passing league.

Murray knew Kelly s philosophy, but still signed a $40 million, five-year
contract in March.

In college, he ran from the (shotgun) every single snap,  Kelly said.  He knew
coming in what we were going to do. We never had any discussion that we were
going to change our system.

The numbers don t support the theory that Murray is better running from under
center. He s averaging 3.7 yards per carry (518 yards on 139 carries) out of the
shotgun and only 2.1 yards (51 yards on 24 carries) when he s behind the
quarterback. In four seasons with the Cowboys, Murray averaged 5.3 yards in the
shotgun.

I think a player may like something more than another, but that doesn t mean
that they are not good at the thing that they may not (like),  Eagles offensive
coordinator Pat Shumur said.

Eight teams entered the season with no fullback on their roster. But some of the
league s top rushers are power backs, including Chris Ivory of the Jets, Tampa s
Doug Martin and Carolina s Jonathan Stewart.



Philadelphia Eagles running back DeMarco Murray (29) hasn t been able to adapt
to coach Chip Kelly s offensive scheme, and the result has been a seat on the
bench. The Associated Press file photo

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 9, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FOOTBALL;
N.F.L. MATCHUPS WEEK 6

BYLINE: By THOMAS GEORGE

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1324 words



GAME OF THE WEEK
MONDAY: 8:20 P.M.

Dolphins 3-1 at Jaguars 4-0
These Florida teams have never met in the regular season. Now they do in prime
time on Monday night. Expect the Jacksonville crowd to be wild and a nuisance
for the Dolphins' offense as will the Jacksonville defense. Miami's pass defense
has improved greatly in large measure because its pass rush is making great
strides. End Jason Taylor leads there with five sacks. Jacksonville has shown
wonderful poise winning close games on the road but expect its offense to shine
in this matchup. The running of the rookie Fred Taylor starts the engine. And
then Jacksonville will push the pedal to the floor on Mark Brunell's passes,
especially to Keenan McCardell, but also around the field to a variety of nifty
receivers. This is the game where Jacksonville shows the nation why it is a
serious Super Bowl threat. Jaguars, 33-20


SUNDAY 1 P.M.

Carolina (0-4) at Dallas (3-2)
Jason Garrett has produced more than could be expected in absence of the injured
Troy Aikman. Garrett has connected on 58 of 97 passes, has a long touchdown pass
of 80 yards and has thrown only 2 interceptions. Carolina signed several
defensive free agents, including Kevin Greene, Greg Lloyd and Craig Newsome, and
has nothing to show for it. The Carolina offense turned the ball over repeatedly
last week against Atlanta, but the defense could do little about it as the
Falcons rolled up 51 points. Dallas won't score that many -- but more than
enough. Cowboys, 24-10

Kansas City (4-1) at New England (3-1)
The Chiefs under Coach Marty Schottenheimer have long played good defense. And
when the offense run the ball effectively, that defense gets more rest and is
even stronger. A testament is their impressive record in the '90s when they rush
the football at least 30 times. Schottenheimer is 5-0 against New England, but
he has not recently played this new batch of improved Patriots. Watch the
matchups between fleet Terry Glenn against the testy Chiefs secondary,
especially cornerback Dale Carter. Patriots, 20-13

Pittsburgh (3-1) at Cincinnati (1-3)
The Bengals have struggled despite great improvement in taking care of the
football. This used to be a turnover-prone team, but now Cincinnati is keeping
the ball and taking it from offenses. And still losing. Not enough big or timely
plays. Somebody needs to make a few. Carl Pickens and Darnay Scott, the Bengals'
receivers, are candidates to do that. So is back Corey Dillon. And Neil
O'Donnell (1 interception thrown in 117 passing attempts) should play well
against his former teammates. It is an upset, a breakthrough game for
Cincinnati. Bengals, 23-20

Washington (0-5) at Philadelphia (0-5)
Here are two teams with big headaches. Nothing is going right. Neither can
sustain drives consistently. Neither can hold on to the ball. Neither is forcing
enough turnovers. Washington, however, has more offense and should score
steadily. Its passing offense ranks third in the N.F.C. and averages 241.6 yards
a game. Michael Westbrook leads the N.F.L. with 460 receiving yards. He will
prove a handful for the Eagles' defense. For Philadelphia, misery continues. For
Washington, a small reprieve. Redskins, 28-17

Buffalo (1-3) at Indianapolis (1-4)
Can Buffalo possibly be interested and play with intensity after its huge upset
of San Francisco? Was that a one-game season for the Bills and now they coast?
Unlikely with leaders like Bruce Smith in the locker room. Look for the Bills to
place great pass-rushing heat on rookie quarterback Peyton Manning. Look for
Bills running back Antowain Smith to break loose. The home team has won five of
the past seven in this series, but Buffalo has won five of the past six over
all. Buffalo wins it with the pass rush and the running game. Bills, 24-16

Tennessee (1-3) at Baltimore (2-2)
We know that Ravens receiver Jermaine Lewis is a little, fast guy, but come on.
He is averaging a ridiculous 31.5 yards per catch. Three passes to Lewis and the
field is nearly covered. What is the problem with Eddie George and the Oilers'
running game? It would seem George could fall over and gain 3 yards a pop. Lewis
and George. Both worth watching. For both the trends continue and that means a
Baltimore victory. Ravens, 17-9

San Francisco (3-1) at New Orleans (3-1)
Steve Young is playing his best football. He is the first player in league
history to pass for 300 yards and three touchdowns in four consecutive games.
With one more 300-yard passing game, he ties Joe Montana's record of five
straight. Young is showing mobility, a strong arm and wonderful decision-making,
despite the 49ers' shocking loss at Buffalo. Garrsion Hearst back is averaging
5.7 yards a carry. New Orleans is the only N.F.C. team that has not lost a
fumble. It will need that kind of mistake-free effort and then a major boost on
defense to keep pace with San Franciso. Not this time. 49ers, 26-17

SUNDAY 4 P.M.

Chicago (1-4) at Arizona (2-3)
Hooray! Bears win! Erik Kramer has lifted the Bears' passing game. In his last
two starts, Kramer has a 114.3 quarterback rating (647 passing yards, 6
touchdowns, 1 interception). And Curtis Enis is producing, leading all rookies
with 280 rushing yards. But watch Cardinal Larry Centers. He leads all backs
with 24 catches for 147 yards. His routes out of the backfield give quarterback
Jake Plummer a safe, short throw that helps produce first downs. Arizona has 11
takeways (7 fumble recoveries), and its defense has improved from 27th last year
to 9th through five games. Cardinals, 19-13

San Diego (2-3) at Oakland (3-2)
The visiting team has won in the last four games in this series, but the Raiders
will put a halt to that. San Diego owns the top-ranked run defense in the A.F.C.
(87.0 avg. yards allowed per game), and it will be fun watching to see if that
defense can contain speedy Raiders back Napolen Kaufman. The Raiders are 8-3
when Kaufman rushes for 100 yards. The Chargers need Leaf to rise and improve
and become more steady. He started fast (2-0) and has sunk (0-3). The Raiders
will hound him, especially safety Eric Turner and cornerback Charles Woodson.
Raiders, 28-24

Denver (5-0) at Seattle (3-2)
Denver leads the league in points with 182; that is an average of 36.4 points
scored per game. In the last four against Seattle, it has averaged 32.3 and won
them all. Not this time. Seattle's defense rebounds after that nightmarish game
in the rain and mud at Kansas City last Sunday. Look for the Seattle defense to
shine and for Ricky Watters to outrush Terrell Davis. And receiver Joey Galloway
vs. the Broncos secondary is a matchup quarterback Warren Moon will seek early
and late. Seahawks, 24-21

Jets (2-2) at St. Louis (1-3)
The Rams play after a bye, and the Jets enter having won a big game at home
against Miami. Now the Jets seek to keep it going while the Rams hope to start
something. The Jets shut down the Miami running game, and doing the same against
the Rams won't be a problem. But stopping their passing game is another thing.
Isaac Bruce is by far a better receiver than anyone Miami has, and he deserves
special attention. Keeping him in check and pressuring quarterack Tony Banks,
flushing him from the pocket and forcing him to throw on the run, are the key
essential for a Jets victory. Jets, 27-20

SUNDAY 8:20 P.M.

Atlanta (3-1) at Giants (2-3)
The Giants usually play well at home under Coach Jim Fassel. And they have been
able to rebound from horrible games under Fassel, too. This is a big one, with
Dan Reeves, the former Giants coach, returning as Atlanta coach. This game boils
down to one thing: the Giants have been unable to run the ball, and the Falcons
have not allowed a 100-yard rusher in 12 straight games. Can the Giants produce
an instant running game? They will come close. And that will save them. Barely.
Giants, 19-17

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Denver Broncos running back Terrell Davis. (Associated Press);
Miami Dolphins defensive end Jason Taylor. (Agence France-Presse)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Ravens need offensive coordinator;
Lions pick Caldwell

BYLINE: Matt Zenitz Landmark News Service

SECTION: B; Pg.3

LENGTH: 469  words


The Detroit Lions hired Ravens offensive coordinator Jim Caldwell as their head
coach Tuesday.

Baltimore may have decided to part ways with Caldwell even if he hadn't found a
head coaching job, so the move seemingly works out well for both sides.

The Ravens hired Caldwell as their quarterbacks coach in 2012. He replaced Cam
Cameron as offensive coordinator late in the regular season and helped turn
around a Baltimore offense that had struggled under Cameron. The Ravens scored
33 points in a late regular season win over the New York Giants and then scored
an average of 31 points in their four playoff games on their way to winning the
Super Bowl.

However, Baltimore's offense was bad while under Caldwell's direction this
season, finishing fourth-worst in the NFL in total offense and third-worst in
rushing offense.

Nonetheless, Caldwell, 58, is a respected offensive mind around the league and
will be depended on by the Lions to help quarterback Matthew Stafford.

Stafford has thrown for 4,650 yards or more each of the last three years, but he
threw 11 interceptions during Detroit's final six games of this season.

"Congrats to Coach Caldwell," Baltimore wide receiver Torrey Smith tweeted
Tuesday. "Great coach/teacher and even better person ... he always taught us
something new. ... he will do well in Detroit."

As for the Ravens, they will begin their search for their third different
offensive coordinator in less than two years.

Baltimore may promote from within. Wide receivers coach Jim Hostler was the San
Francisco 49ers' offensive coordinator in 2007. But the Ravens are probably more
likely to look outside the organization.

The Ravens could have interest in recently fired head coaches such as Gary
Kubiak and Rob Chudzinski, who both have offensive coordinator experience.

Green Bay Packers quarterbacks coach Ben McAdoo was another option, but he was
hired as the New York Giants' offensive coordinator Tuesday.

Caldwell's hire may also leave Baltimore with other positions to fill.

The Baltimore Sun reported that Caldwell is expected to make Ravens secondary
coach Teryl Austin his defensive coordinator.

"I'm excited for Matthew Stafford & the Detroit Lions," former Indianapolis
Colts Tony Dungy tweeted Monday. "I think he's going to flourish under Jim
Caldwell. Lions will be a playoff team in '14."

Caldwell worked under Dungy for seven seasons. He was the Tampa Bay Buccaneers'
quarterbacks coach under Dungy in 2001 and then spent six years under Dungy with
the Colts before taking over as Indianapolis' head coach when Dungy retired
following the 2008 season.

The Colts went 14-2 under Caldwell in 2009 and advanced to the Super Bowl, but
they lost in the Wild Card round of the playoffs in 2010 and then went 2-14 in
2011.

Caldwell was fired following that season and eventually joined the Ravens.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator Jim Caldwell was hired as head
coach by the Detroit Lions.
Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator Jim Caldwell was hired as head coach by
the Detroit Lions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Bengals facing their fiercest opponent;
Narrow playoff loss feeds nasty rivalry with Pittsburgh.;
NFL BENGALS

BYLINE: ByJay Morrison

SECTION: ; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 650 words


The nastiest rivalry in the NFL continues Sunday when the Cincinnati Bengals
head to Pittsburgh to face the Steelers in their home opener.

The atmosphere figures to be rowdier than ever at Heinz Field with the Steelers
playing in front of their home fans for the first time since rallying to beat
the melting-down Bengals 18-16 in January's AFC wild-card game in Cincinnati.

Pittsburgh opened the season Monday night with another victory against a playoff
team, beating the Redskins 38-16 on the road despite being without a few key
pieces.

Running back Le'Veon Bell is suspended for the first three games of the season
while wide receiver Martavis Bryant is suspended for all of 2016, both for
violating the NFL's substance abuse policy.

Even without Bell and Bryant, the Steelers scored 38 points and gained 435 yards
to resume their spot among the top offenses in the league. Last year the
Steelers ranked third in total offense, third in passing offense and fourth in
scoring offense.

They enter their game against the Bengals ranked second in scoring offense,
fifth in total offense and seventh in passing offense after their impressive
debut in which quarterback Ben Roethlisberger threw for 300 yards and three
touchdowns, two of which went to Antonio Brown.

DeAngelo Williams, the 33-year-old running back getting the start for the
suspended Bell, rushed for 143 yards and two scores.

The Bengals, of course, are dealing with some of their own missing pieces, most
notably volatile linebacker Vontaze Burfict, who is suspended for the first
three games for repeated violations of the league's player safety rules.

And it was the latest infraction, his blow to the head of Brown in the final
minute of the playoff game, that took an already heated rivalry to a new level.

There were other incidents in the game that helped elevate the animosity,
including two actions by the Steelers that have since been outlawed by the NFL -
linebacker Ryan Shazier's hit that concussed running back Giovani Bernard and
Pittsburgh assistant coach Joey Porter's presence on the field during an injury
timeout.

The Bengals have actually fared better against the Steelers in Pittsburgh than
in Cincinnati of late. They are 2-2 in their last four visits to Heinz Field,
including a 16-10 triumph last year, while they have lost six of their last
seven to the Steelers at Paul Brown Stadium.

Bengals-Steelers connections

Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis grew up in McDonald, Pa., near Pittsburgh.
Lewis' first NFL coaching job was with the Steelers as LBs coach from 1992-95
under head coach Bill Cowher. He also coached at the University of Pittsburgh
from 1990-91 ... Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin was defensive backs coach for
the University of Cincinnati from 1999-2000 ... Steelers inside linebackers
coach Jerry Olsavsky was with the Bengals as a player in the 1998 preseason...
Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger played in college at Miami (Ohio) ... Steelers LB
James Harrison played for the Bengals in 2013 ... Four Steelers - S Will Allen,
DE CameronHeyward,CBDoran Grant and LB Ryan Shazier - played at Ohio State;
Allen is from Dayton (Wayne High School) ... Steelers S Mike Mitchell is from
Fort Thomas, Ky. (Highlands High School) and played at Ohio University ...
Steelers DE Riccardo Matthews played at the University of Cincinnati ... Bengals
DE Will Clarke is from Pittsburgh (Taylor Allderdice High School) ... Bengals
tight ends coach Jonathan Hayes grew up in South Fayette, Pa. and played TE for
the Steelers from 1994-96... Bengals WR Tyler Boyd is from Clairton, Pa., and
played at the University of Pittsburgh.

AFC North outlook

Baltimore (1-0) at Cleveland (0-1) Sunday: The Ravens seek their first 2-0 start
since 2009. The Browns lost their opener for the 12th straight season. The
Browns have also lost 14 of their last 16 to the team that used to call
Cleveland home. They'll start Josh McCown at QB.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

Former BW coach charged with sex offenses

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


Jan. 06--CUMBERLAND -- A former girls soccer coach and substitute teacher at
Bishop Walsh School was charged Tuesday with sex offenses allegedly involving a
student, authorities said.

Catherine Martha Czapski, 24, of Cumberland, was served a criminal summons
charging her with five counts of fourth-degree sex offense by a person in
position of authority, according to a release from the Allegany County Combined
Criminal Investigation Unit.

The charges are the result of an investigation into allegations that Czapski,
who was BW's soccer coach at the time, was engaged in an inappropriate sexual
relationship with a 17-year-old female student at the school.

The allegations first came to light when the Archdiocese of Baltimore received
information about the possible inappropriate relationship between Czapski and
the student. The archdiocese contacted the Allegany County State's Attorney's
Office and the investigation was turned over to C3I.

A release from the archdiocese said Czapski also served as a track/cross-country
coach.

Investigators conducted numerous interviews and reviewed social media as part of
their investigation and discovered enough information to support the
allegations, they said.

Families of current students and recent school graduates are being informed
about the case, the archdiocese said.

The archdiocese and the school are encouraging anyone with information about the
case or any other possible abuse to report it to authorities.

Czapski is free pending trial.

___ (c)2016 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160106-UM-Former-BW-coach-charged-with-sex-offenses-0106-20160106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2016 Cumberland Times-News


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           October 22, 2005, Saturday

AMERICAN PERVERT TO GO BACK FOR TRIAL

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 352 words


An American who allegedly flew to the UK to have sex with young British girls
and was subsequently jailed for pornography offences now faces a fresh trial in
the US.

Raymond Bohning attempted to avoid extradition to the US after his release from
prison, arguing that it would be "an abuse of process" for him to face a second
trial in his homeland when all charges could have been brought against him in
the UK.

He stands accused in the US of the alleged "grooming" of minors via internet
chat rooms and possession of thousands of photographs and images relating to the
sexual abuse of children and babies.

His lawyers argued that the charges he faced in the UK were limited to only a
few of the images and "tailored" by the US and UK authorities to avoid overlap
and to ensure he could face "double punishment".

Alleged cross-border crimes stemming from "a single course of conduct" should be
prosecuted in one jurisdiction, it was argued.

But Lord Justice Scott Baker, sitting with Mr Justice Newman at the High Court
in London, disagreed.

The judges upheld a decision at Bow Street Magistrates' Court to send Bohning
back to America at the request of the US government.

Mr Justice Newman said extradition proceedings in the criminal sphere involved
"the public interest of sovereign states".

In Bohning's case, both the US and UK authorities were equally entitled in the
public interest to bring charges related to an alleged "vast scale of
offending".

The judge said Bohning, who lives in Florida, arrived in the UK in November 2003
and travelled to Birmingham and made two telephone calls to young girls.

"One of them, aged 13, lived in Birmingham, and he phoned her to arrange for
sexual relations with her", said the judge.

But her father overheard the call and told the police.

Bohning was arrested at his hotel. His laptop computer was seized and more than
10,000 images depicting sexual abuse of children and babies were recovered.

There were also emails and evidence of internet chat sessions with the two
British girls and another minor in Pennsylvania

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             January 3, 2010 Sunday

Seminoles' Future Bright Under Fisher

BYLINE: By Bob Ferrante, LEDGER CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SPORTS; florida state football; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 488 words


TALLAHASSEE | Florida State fans saw an offense in 2009 that reminded them of
the good ol' days.

And a defense they'd like to forget.

While FSU survived a 7-6 season in which they often needed every point from
their offense to escape with victories, the 2010 season holds promise for
significant improvement.

The Seminoles lose just five senior starters, including linebacker Dekoda Watson
and defensive backs Patrick Robinson and Jamie Robinson. On offense, the only
loss is Rod Owens, who had a team-leading 61 receptions.

But FSU will return a senior quarterback in Christian Ponder, who suffered a
separated shoulder in November but will enter 2010 as a preseason Heisman
candidate. The entire offensive line and running back corps returns, and Ponder
will have two outstanding receivers in juniors Bert Reed (60 catches) and Jarmon
Fortson (45 catches).

"I really felt like our offense played as good as we used to play back in the
90's," said Bobby Bowden, who retired after the Gator Bowl victory over West
Virginia on Friday. "I thought our offense was that productive."

And the defense?

"We have got to get that defense cranked up," Bowden said. "We simply could not
stop people. You score 44 points against (Georgia) Tech and lose. We score 34
against Miami and lose. We used to score 20 points and we are going to win that
game."

Bowden's replacement, Jimbo Fisher, seems to be solidifying the defense with his
work on the recruiting trail. FSU has in the past few weeks received verbal
commitments from three of the nation's top players: Port St. Lucie Treasure
Coast linebacker Jeff Luc, Fort Lauderdale St. Thomas Aquinas defensive back
Lamarcus Joyner and Palm Beach Gardens Dwyer wide receiver/defensive back Matt
Elam.

The commitments are not binding until National Signing Day on Feb. 3, and Fisher
can't comment on recruiting because of NCAA rules. But the recent success is
reason for optimism.

"This is a great place," Fisher said of FSU. "Just because we aren't on top
right now doesn't mean it doesn't take long. Like I have said before, history
has proven in this state that if you work and you do it, even though the other
schools have had their time, you can get back up there relatively quick. \x85

"You have to recruit them, develop them, and then we got to get them into the
game and see them perform on the field."

FSU will once again face a difficult schedule, although it's one that does not
include ACC champion Georgia Tech or another top team, Virginia Tech.

The Seminoles will host five teams that played in bowl games: Florida, BYU,
Clemson, Boston College and North Carolina. FSU also travels to Oklahoma and
Miami and has road dates with ACC opponents N.C. State, Virginia and Maryland.

FSU loses former Lakeland High standout defensive tackle Kendrick Stewart, who
had 45.5 career tackles. But Ridge Community School star Vince Williams, a
linebacker, will return after missing 2009 with a back injury.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

             Copyright 2010 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                     September 3, 2005 Saturday MO1 EDITION

SJSU defense faces stiff test in opener

BYLINE: By Laurence Miedema; Mercury News

SECTION: SP; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 626 words


Forget everything you know -- or think you know -- about what a Dick
Tomey-coached offense looks like.

The new San Jose State football coach is renowned for aggressive,
defensive-minded squads made legendary by the ''Desert Swarm'' at Arizona. But
his offenses often were perceived as boring and punchless.

Tomey has implemented his familiar flex eagle scheme to try to shore up what was
one of the worst defenses in the country last season, but the Spartans' new West
Coast offense is being shaped by a variety of influences.

The Spartans will need to be up to speed on both sides of the ball today at
Spartan Stadium in their opener against Division I-AA power Eastern Washington,
which possesses one of the most dynamic offenses in the country, regardless of
classification.

''You've got to have both,'' Tomey said. ''If your offense is having a bad day,
your defense has got to hold them down; if your defense is having a bad day,
you've got to score a bunch of points. And you're trying to score a bunch of
points anyway.''

Tomey bristles at the perception that offense was largely an afterthought in his
14 seasons at Arizona.

The offense typically was overshadowed because of the defense's dominance, and
Tomey points to the 1994 Fiesta Bowl when Arizona beat Miami 29-0 and racked up
more than 400 yards against the nation's No. 3 defense. Still, eight of Tomey's
teams averaged fewer than 24 points, and they averaged more than 29 points just
once.

Tomey inherited a San Jose State program where most of the experience is on
offense, a group that averaged 28.4 points and three times scored more than 45.
He also surrounded himself with experienced assistants who all have had a hand
in helping retool the offense. Only one of those assistants -- receivers coach
Brent Brennan -- had been on Tomey's staff previously.

''We've had eight months, so it's all really San Jose State's offense, not
anyone's in particular,'' offensive coordinator Ken Margerum said. ''We're
building a fence around what we feel gives the players the best chance to
succeed.

''Coach Tomey wants to do whatever it takes to win.''

Tomey's Arizona teams often favored the run -- the Wildcats led the Pacific-10
Conference in rushing five times -- and the Spartans have depth at tailback in
Yonus Davis, Al Guidry, Patrick Perry and Lamar Ferguson. But the Spartans'
strength could be the passing game. Sophomore quarterback Adam Tafralis has
shown flashes of brilliance, and the deepest and most experienced unit on the
squad is the receiver corps.

''We'll be a team that if we have to throw it every down to win we will, or if
we have to run it every time we will,'' Tomey said. ''Our whole team is a work
in progress, but I don't think that's a negative. Good teams get better every
week. I think that certainly needs to be the case in our case.''

The Spartans' challenge on defense will be to slow down Eastern Washington,
which returns seven offensive starters from a team that averaged 476 yards and
almost 38 points per game last season. EWU, ranked fourth in I-AA, lost in the
2004 I-AA quarterfinals on the final play of the game.

Quarterback Erik Meyer led the nation in passing efficiency, completing 259 of
382 attempts for 3,707 yards and 31 touchdowns, with nine interceptions. His top
four receivers also return, including Eric Kimble, who caught 83 passes for
1,453 yards and 19 touchdowns.

''They'll be as good a team as Illinois, San Diego State or most of the teams in
our league,'' Tomey said. ''Their quarterback is one of the best we'll face.
It's a good test for us because it is going to take our very best to win a game,
and that's the kind of test we need starting out.''

Contact Laurence Miedema at lsmiedema@mercurynews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           November 23, 2004 Tuesday

FLASHBACK

BYLINE: John Maher, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 285 words


1968

Texas 35, Texas A&M 14

The 1968 game featured two highly touted quarterbacks and gifted athletes,
although the meeting wasn't exactly what had been anticipated at the start of
the season.

Texas A&M came to Austin as the defending Southwest Conference champion.
Although the Aggies were limping through an unlucky 3-6 campaign, they still had
star quarterback Edd Hargett running the offense. Hargett, a senior, had beaten
Texas with an 80-yard touchdown pass the previous year and entered the
nationally televised game with a string of 171 passes without an interception.

Facing Hargett was one of the most hyped Texas high school prospects ever, Bill
Bradley. "Super Bill," however, wasn't facing Hargett as a rival quarterback,
but as a newcomer to the defensive backfield.

Bradley started the '68 season as the Longhorns' quarterback, but that was the
year Texas started running its wishbone offense. Devised by Darrell Royal
assistant Emory Bellard, the wishbone was a run-oriented offense designed to get
as many of Texas' talented backs in the game as possible. After a few games, it
was apparent that Bradley's backup, James Street, had a more intuitive feel for
the read-and-react offense.

Bradley was tried first as a receiver - in an offense that rarely threw. Then,
defensive coach Mike Campbell asked to have him switched to defense. It was a
difficult transition, but against A&M Bradley was indeed super, intercepting
Hargett four times. In all, Hargett suffered five picks as the Longhorns cruised
to an easy win.

Hargett later played five years in the NFL with New Orleans and Houston. Bradley
played nine years as a defensive back, all but one season with the Philadelphia
Eagles.

- John Maher

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Austin American Statesman


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 24, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

JERSEY SENTENCED 15,000 IN '84 TO A MILLLION HOURS OF SERVICE

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 47, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 437 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, March 22


More than 15,000 people performed more than one million hours of community
service, ranging from picking up litter to computer programming, last year as
part of court-ordered sentences, according to the Chief Justice of the State
Supreme Court, Robert N. Wilentz.

Nearly half the 11,700 adults were in the program as part of sentences for
driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, according to the Administrative
Office of the Courts.

''It's a form of reparation,'' said the director of the program in Camden
County, Paul Hargrave. ''Many people feel they've paid their debt to society''
when they finish their service with government agencies or such groups as the
Red Cross.

Under a 1979 law, community service has been available to sentencing judges, who
can order it alone, as a condition of probation for less-serious offenses or
with such penalties as fines for more-serious offenses.

'Repayment for Offense'

The service sentences have no impact on mandatory sentences and are not used as
the sole sentences for violent crimes, officials said.

''Community-service sentencing provides a visible and valuable means for the
community to receive, in some measure, repayment for the offense committed
against it,'' Justice Wilentz said.

The programs are operated by county probation departments.

The chief of supervision services for the Administrative Office of the Courts,
William D. Burrell, said doctors, teachers and accountants had been ordered to
use their training to benefit their communities. ''Money they have,'' he said.
''Time is valuable.''

Variation in Tasks

In Camden County, offenders work in the county park system, do clerical work for
the Red Cross, assist at day- care centers and programs for the elderly, do
maintenance at six city housing projects in Camden, paint lines for the city
parking authority, wash the automobiles of county sheriff's officers and
exterminate rats, Mr. Hargrave said.

A writer was assigned to do public- relations work for the Community Mental
Health Association of Southwestern New Jersey, and an expert on solid waste was
writing a recycling plan for Cherry Hill, he said.

''The public gets to see that the people do pay for their offenses,'' he added.
Also, according to Mr. Hargrave, employees in some organizations learn that some
people ''who commit crimes are not monsters.''

''They do not have two heads,'' he said. ''They are just ordinary people who
made errors.''

He added that a large majority of the offenders had committed such white- collar
crimes as motor-vehicle offenses and writing bad checks.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Offensive change has Sooners back on track

BYLINE: by JOHN HARRIS

LENGTH: 514 words


Bob Stoops didn't have to change a thing. Nevertheless, he made a calculated,
philosophical shift entering his 17th season at Oklahoma.

He did so despite being the winningest coach in school history and capturing
twice as many Big 12 championships as any other school (eight). And despite
being the only coach to win a national championship and all four BCS bowl games.

Despite his successful past, Stoops transformed his offense when he hired
coordinator Lincoln Riley, who played quarterback at Texas Tech under Mike Leach
and is good friends with West Virginia coach Dana Holgorsen. Leach and Holgorsen
are disciples of the "Air Raid" passing attack.

"Lincoln's had a great track record in running this offense," Stoops said. "I
just felt it will give us more opportunity to stay on the field longer, eat up
more yards, gain field position and score points."

The results are impressive entering the noon Saturday kickoff between No. 15
Oklahoma (3-0) and No. 23 West Virginia (3-0) at Gaylord Family Oklahoma
Memorial Stadium in the Big 12 opener for both teams.

Oklahoma is ranked No. 8 nationally in passing offense and 10th in total offense
. The Sooners' 773 total yards against Tulsa on Sept. 19 is the fourth-highest
total in school history.

Junior quarterback Baker Mayfield, a former walk-on at Texas Tech who
transferred to Oklahoma (also as a walk-on), ranks second among FBS players in
points responsible per game, third in total offense, fourth in passing
touchdowns per game and seventh in passing yards per game. Mayfield, on
scholarship, set a school-record for total offense with 572 yards against Tulsa.

"As I was looking to hire somebody, I looked at what are the top total offenses
in the country," said Stoops, who also hired receivers coach Dennis Simmons, who
worked under Riley at Texas Tech and East Carolina and spent the past three
years under Leach at Washington State. "And six of the top 13 were from this
family from Hal Mumme, Mike Leach, from this family of offense."

Holgorsen is a family member.

"Lincoln Riley has a history of doing some of the same things that I have done
in the past," Holgorsen said. "A lot has been said about him installing the
"[#x2dc]Air Raid' as opposed to what they have been doing the last few years,
which was a version of the "[#x2dc]Air Raid.' "

Coincidentally, Stoops started the trend in his first season at Oklahoma in 1999
when Leach was his offensive coordinator/quarterbacks coach.

"We kind of made it popular when I hired Mike from Kentucky from Hal Mumme, and
then it spread," Stoops said. "And then 17 years later, I'm the only one not
doing it."

An 8-5 record in 2014 prompted Stoops to make the change.

"(That was) not up to our standards and our expectations as a program," Stoops
said. "What you really do more than anything is, what didn't you like about your
game plan? And what you feel you can make it better. You take all of that into
consideration. Our players have really taken to the new system."

John Harris is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach him at
jharris@tribweb.com or via Twitter @jharris_trib.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      December 31, 2000 Sunday 2D EDITION

Broncos must ignore exit signs Playoff opener treacherous

BYLINE: By Adam Schefter, Denver Post Sports Writer,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. H-01

LENGTH: 886 words


BALTIMORE - On the drive to Tampa and Super Bowl XXXV - if they  can navigate
their way there - the Denver Broncos must pass at  least two road tests and most
likely three.

The first comes today at Baltimore's PSINet Stadium (10:30  a.m. MST, KCNC-4)
against a 12-4 Ravens team that emits confidence  and offense-suffocating fumes.
And it just happens to be the first  playoff game in the Ravens' five-year
history, a game played in a  sold-out stadium that is a whole lot louder than
tight end Shannon  Sharpe ever was during his 10 seasons with the Broncos.

But the Broncos (11-5) insist - Brian Griese or no Brian  Griese, Gus Frerotte
or no Gus Frerotte - they are ready. For  Baltimore, for Oakland, for Tennessee,
for anything or anybody  obstructing their drive to Tampa.

'We can go all the way,' said Broncos strong safety Billy  Jenkins, who did just
that last season when he was a starter for  the NFL champion St. Louis Rams. 'We
definitely can go all the  way. How could you not think that with this team?
Baltimore is a  huge challenge, but we can get by them. Our offense can compete
  with their defense, and our defense can shut down theiroffense.'

The focus, of course, will be on Denver's high-powered offense  vs. Baltimore's
record-setting defense, a unit as good as any that  Broncos coach Mike Shanahan
has seen.

But the matchup that just might decide who has a happy New  Year's Eve and who
doesn't might be Denver's maligned defense vs.  Baltimore's ineffective offense.

'Everybody is going to be hanging on the edge of their seats  when their offense
is on the field against our defense,' said  Sharpe, who will have a lot more to
say to his former teammates  today. 'And when our offense comes on the field and
their defense  comes on the field, they'll go to the bathroom and go get
popcorn.

'But if we're going to have to win this game, I think our  offense is going to
have to win the game for us, and their defense  is going to have to win the game
for them. We have to step up our  play because we realize the last three weeks
won't get it done.'

More accurately, the Ravens' performance offensively the past  three weeks will
get them done. In those three games - against San  Diego, Arizona and the New
York Jets - the Ravens' offense went  from struggling to free-falling.
Baltimore's output in the final  three games of the regular season went from 276
total yards to 214  yards to 142 yards - any one of which would have been
Denver's  lowest single-game output thisseason.

Just as there are justifiable concerns in Baltimore about the  Ravens' offense,
there are understandable concerns in Denver about  the Broncos' defense. One
Bronco said last week that the music to  this postseason dance will last as long
as Denver's defense allows  it. How long the music plays is an entirely
different question.

Though it finished the regular season with its finest effort  of the year during
last weekend's regular-season finale against  San Francisco's fourth-rated
offense, Denver's defense has been  Dillonated too often for most to have any
great confidence in it.  But Denver's defense, with the lowest-rated pass
defense in the  NFL, is ready to go on the offensive.

'You look at our defense and our rankings, it's because of our  offense,'
Broncos cornerback Terrell Buckley said.

'We've scored 30 or more points 10 times this year, so we've  gone into the
fourth quarter being up by, I think, 14 or 17 points  five times. So teams are
obviously throwing the ball more. You  look at what we do, turnover-wise, points
allowed, red-zone  defense, I think if we're not at the top, we're in the middle

  somewhere. And to us, that's the thing that matters.'

Actually, what matters most are the wins a team accumulates.  The Ravens have
put together an NFL-best seven-game win streak,  yet all season the only
playoff-bound team they defeated was  Tennessee. The Ravens are 180 minutes of
football from Tampa, and  they never have felt so close.

'If you're not excited, you ain't got a pulse,' said Tony  Siragusa, the Ravens'
run-stuffing defensive tackle and one of 22  Baltimore players with playoff
experience. 'This is a chance of a  lifetime. I've been in the league 11 years
and I've only been in  the playoffs three times. A lot of guys in this locker
room have  been in the league five, six, seven years and have never been to  the
playoffs. You've got to make the best of it.'

Which is what Denver did during the 1997 and '98 seasons, when  it won
consecutive Super Bowls.

In 1997, the Broncos became only the second team in NFL  history to win the
Super Bowl as a wild card. And the next season  they followed it up with a
near-undefeated season, home-field  advantage and a Super Bowl rout of Atlanta.

'This is what you work for,' said Shanahan, who has a 7-1  record in postseason
games. 'There are no second chances. You have  to go out there and find a way to
get it done. Our players know  what a great opportunity we have. We have kind of
gone down the  road different ways. But it comes down to one thing once you are
  in the playoff picture. You have got a chance to do something  special.'

LOAD-DATE: January 03, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                          February 20, 2013 Wednesday

Keeping it simple works for Bruins

BYLINE: Ryan Kartje Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


In years past, UCLA coach Ben Howland remembers having 45 sets prepared for his
team to go to at any given moment on offense.

Heading into their game with Stanford last Saturday, this year's Bruins cut that
down to just nine - a much simpler offense than many of Howland's other teams
have run.

But as they showed on Saturday in a victory on the road against the Cardinal,
the Bruins' offense is apparently most effective when it's keeping things
simple.

Saturday's triumph marked the first time that UCLA has scored more than 85
points since its Dec. 28 upset of then-No.7 Missouri. The Bruins shot 54 percent
from the field, and their offense, despite 14 turnovers, ran as smooth as it has
during the conference season.

A simpler offense, Howland said, allowed players to focus less on the plays and
more on just reading what the defense gave them.

"We're young," Howland said. "We're working on execution."

MUHAMMAD OUT

After battling flu symptoms the week leading up to UCLA's last matchup with USC,
freshman leading scorer Shabazz Muhammad missed practice on Tuesday fighting
another ailment.

This time, however, Muhammad is out because of pink eye, which caused his eyes
to swell up and forced him to take out his contacts. Howland said that Muhammad
doesn't have glasses, so he couldn't practice.

The condition isn't expected to linger, and Muhammad should be back soon,
Howland said.

PRAISING SCOTT

He might not have time to take in the Cirque de Soleil or hit the blackjack
tables, but Howland is a big fan of the Pac-12's new-and-improved conference
tournament.

Howland lauded the changes Commissioner Larry Scott made in the annual
tournament, bringing it to the MGM Grand in Las Vegas and leaving behind the
sometimes sparsely filled Staples Center.

"Moving the conference tournament to Vegas - what a great idea, long overdue,"
Howland said. "It's going to be exciting every year for decades to come now. ...
I'm just so excited for the conference, where it's headed."



rkartje@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Coach Ben Howland says he thought a simplified offense enabled his
players to execute better on Saturday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            July 25, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Despite critics, QB Jones has Stoops' support

BYLINE: Suzanne Halliburton shalliburton@statesman.com American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 555 words


DALLAS - Oklahoma won 10 games a season ago, and the Sooners sported the
fifth-most prolific offense in the country.

Yet fans have been second-guessing everything about their team's offense, with
much of the negativity - fair or not - directed toward quarterback Landry Jones.
He even was left off the preseason All-Big 12 first team, as West Virginia's
Geno Smith, who has never played a down in the conference, garnering the most
votes among the league's media.

It's all proven to be a touchy subject for OU coach Bob Stoops, who went out of
his way this week at Big 12 football media days to deflect criticism from Jones,
the just-married, fifth-year senior.

Stoops specifically swatted away any questions - even the most-benign - that
Jones needed to improve his game.

"I didn't ask him to have to improve on anything," Stoops said. "I asked about
10 guys around him (to improve). (People said) Landry struggled. No, he didn't.
The offense struggled.

"He had more dropped passes in the last three games - we couldn't even keep
track of how many. We didn't run the football as effectively as we needed to at
all. All of that goes together. And so to me it's more of an issue of the
offense and the offense around him than it is him."

Last season, injuries hammered away at OU's offense . Tailback Dominique Whaley
was the first star to go down - he broke his arm against Kansas State on Oct. 29
- but Stoops said this week that Whaley had been cleared for training camp .

Then Ryan Broyles, the national record-setting slot receiver, blew out his knee
in a victory over Texas A&M the next week.

Jones had thrown 28 touchdown passes before Broyles was hurt. He didn't throw
another one until the Sooners' 31-14 victory over Iowa in the Insight Bowl.
During that stretch, OU lost two of its four games.

Part of Jones' statistical lull probably was caused by the success of the
"Belldozer" jumbo package, implemented at midseason. Second-team quarterback
Blake Bell, with his 6-foot-6-inch, 254-pound frame, came in for short-yardage
situations and scored 13 touchdowns over the final six games. He became a fan
favorite.

In early January, Jones opted against leaving early for the NFL draft, although
he'd been projected as a first-rounder.

Jones finished his bachelor's degree in May and married Sooners basketball star
Whitney Hand in Fort Worth earlier this month. On the field, he spent a week in
California working with quarterback specialist George Whitfield, who has helped
tutor Pittsburgh Steelers star Ben Roethlisberger, as well as Cam Newton and
Andrew Luck, the top picks of the past two NFL drafts.

No matter what happens this season , Jones will be one of the top quarterbacks
to play for the Sooners. With 29 wins , Jones needs only four more to break the
school quarterback record set by wishbone star Steve Davis 36 years ago.

Jones will need to develop chemistry with his receivers, many of whom will be
brand new after Stoops suspended and revoked the scholarships of three wideouts.
Early enrollee Trey Metoyer was the star of spring practice, but he is just a
freshman.

Like Stoops, Jones' teammates believe their quarterback will have a standout
season.

"Just the way Landry works," marveled center Ben Habern . "Most people don't
know and see how hard he works. He's in the film room more than anyone else I've
ever seen."

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 10, 2010 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

'His style of football is that you pass to score, but you run to win';
Shanahan has relied on rushing attack to secure two Super Bowls and four
division championships

BYLINE: Barry Svrluga

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1328 words


When Bruce Allen, the Washington Redskins' new general manager, introduced Mike
Shanahan as the team's head coach on Wednesday, Allen went out of his way to
describe Shanahan as a well-rounded coach, as much a leader as he is a great
football mind.

"He's a true head coach," Allen said. "Not just one side of the ball."

Before taking the Redskins' job, Shanahan had served as a head coach in the NFL
for parts of 16 seasons -- two with the Los Angeles Raiders, 14 with the Denver
Broncos -- and he emphasized the need for an all-encompassing view.

"You know offense, you know defense, you know special teams," Shanahan said,
"because you're in charge of the whole team."

For all Shanahan's success as a head coach, though -- the two Super Bowl titles
and four division championships -- he is known, more than anything else, as an
offensive innovator. Twice during his 14-year tenure in Denver, the Broncos led
the league in total offense. Seven of those seasons his offenses ranked in the
top three. And though the defining player from his career there is undoubtedly
Hall of Fame quarterback John Elway, Shanahan's offense -- the offense he will
ostensibly bring to Washington, where the Redskins have ranked in the top three
in total offense just once in the past 15 years -- is based on the premise that
running the ball, and sticking with the run, is paramount to opening up anything
else.

"He's going to run the football," said former coach Herman Edwards, who
regularly competed against Shanahan during his stints with the Kansas City
Chiefs and New York Jets. "He's always had that ability. His style of football
is that you pass to score, but you run to win. He lives by that philosophy."

Shanahan will have to apply that philosophy to the Redskins' personnel, deciding
which pieces to keep and which to dispose of. But regardless of those decisions
-- whether he keeps quarterback Jason Campbell, whether he decides to rebuild an
aging and injury-riddled offensive line -- a look at Shanahan's tenure in Denver
could provide clues as to what he will do here. Those who have coached against
him or played for him agree: He will start by addressing the running game.

"We had John Elway and some great receivers," said Bubby Brister, who backed up
Elway for three seasons under Shanahan. "But we had some of the best offensive
linemen in the league, and it was all about running and playing good defense.
The emphasis was all about: If we're going to win, you got to wear people out."

The record shows as much.

'Keep it simple, stupid'

Nine times in Shanahan's 14 seasons, the Broncos ranked in the top five in the
NFL in rushing yards per game. In the early days, it was easy to see why. When
Shanahan took over as the team's head coach in 1995, the Broncos selected
running back Terrell Davis out of Georgia. Shanahan put him behind a line that
included several players who would make multiple Pro Bowl appearances -- center
Tom Nalen, guard Mark Schlereth, tackle Gary Zimmerman -- and went to work.

"He just kind of said, 'Keep it simple, stupid,' " said Schlereth, now an
analyst with ESPN. "We were simple and we were consistent. I think one of the
things that Mike was able to do was take essentially six or seven running plays
and make it look like 36 or 37 running plays. He used different formations,
different adjustments, motion.

"Ultimately, it's 11 guys understanding exactly what they're doing. If you
change your formation or you change your shift or you change your personnel
grouping, only one or two guys are lining up and giving a different look, but
nine guys are doing the exact same things."

That, former players said, bred consistency, because the linemen and the running
backs knew exactly what to expect. They had repeated the plays -- albeit with
slightly different formations or men in motion -- in practice, then repeated
them in games. The offensive linemen became experts in zone blocking, and
because the groups were so cohesive and, for the most part, healthy, the
Broncos, as Schlereth said, "just felt like going into a game we were going to
out-execute you."

Alex Gibbs was the Broncos' offensive line coach at the time, and Shanahan,
Gibbs and running backs coach Bobby Turner all preached the same things for
their running backs: Don't dawdle. They talked about it in meetings and in
practice. And they insisted on it in games.

"Mike always brought in guys -- and Terrell Davis was the first one and
certainly the most prolific -- that were the powerful, slashing-type running
backs," said Brian Habib, a Broncos guard under Shanahan for three seasons. "You
make it simple for the running back. You don't mess around. Terrell was so in
tune with what we were doing up front that he could find those cutback lanes. He
wanted guys that just made one cut and exploded."

Davis's success in such a scheme -- he ran for 6,413 yards in his first four
years in the league -- convinced Shanahan of a few principles that he carried
forward. Running backs, for instance, don't have to be taken early in the draft
in order to be successful. Davis was a sixth-round pick, and was the best back
in the league before injuries cut short his career; he gained only 1,194 yards
from 1999 to 2001, then retired.

What happened to the Broncos' ground game thereafter? From 2000 to '07, a span
of eight straight seasons, Denver ranked in the top 10 in the league in rushing
yards. And it seemed not to matter who was running the ball. Davis, Mike
Anderson, Clinton Portis -- the current Redskin -- Olandis Gary, Reuben Droughns
and Tatum Bell all had seasons of at least 1,100 yards under Shanahan. None were
first-round picks.

Setting up defenses

The other aspect of Shanahan's running attack that remained consistent,
regardless of who served as the back, was his ability to set teams up early in a
game for something he wanted to do later. Because the Broncos were so committed
to the run, play-action passes worked splendidly. But early in games, as Edwards
said, "He's taking a look at you."

"He understands the value of the two-yard running play," Schlereth said. "It
wasn't so much about getting those one- or two- or three-yard gains as it was
about being physical, about setting up things off that play, and eventually
you're going to get a 32- or 42-yard gain. So many coaches, when they get a
couple of two-yard gains, they say, 'We can't run the ball.' That wasn't Mike."

That philosophy, former players said, allows Shanahan to essentially move the
defense into positions that allow him to attack. For instance, if he saw a
specific reaction when the Broncos ran a play early in a game, he may have lined
up in the same formation and run the same motion later on, but throw instead of
run -- anticipating the same defensive reaction he got before.

Steve Beuerlein began his pro career under Shanahan as a quarterback with the
Raiders, then finished it under Shanahan with the Broncos from 2001 to '03. He
saw him evolve -- adding West Coast principles to his system after he served as
the offensive coordinator with the San Francisco 49ers from 1993 to '95 -- into
a master tactician who could dictate how a defense played against him.

"What impressed me the most was his ability to force the defense to play the
coverage you want on a play by your formation and motioning," said Beuerlein,
now an analyst with CBS. "And he had amazing timing and just a fearless nature
to his play-calling. He's extremely aggressive. He gives the players the
opportunity to make plays. But it's all based off his commitment to the running
game. He will stay committed to the running game as well as anyone in football."

The Redskins were once known for running the football, particularly when Hall of
Fame coach Joe Gibbs led the team. Now, it appears the Redskins will run again
-- in a new way, for a new coach.

"It all revolves around the running game for him," Edwards said. "He's going to
make you stop the running game."

Staff writer Rick Maese contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Brian Bahr/getty Images
IMAGE; Stephen Dunn/getty Images; Although Mike Shanahan had a Hall of Fame
quarterback in John Elway, left, the coach saw the running game as the key to
success.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 28, 2005 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Weis recognizes Purdue offense has evolved

BYLINE: Adam Rittenberg, Daily Herald Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 594 words


SOUTH BEND, Ind. -The commercial begins with Purdue coach Joe Tiller sitting in
a barber's chair.

"Want something off the top, coach?" the barber asks Tiller, who is bald.

The barbershop patrons then discuss Tiller's offense.

"So we're really running the option this year?" one man asks, in reference to
the dual-threat Boilermakers quarterback Brandon Kirsch.

"Option? Are you crazy?" an elderly man snaps. "I'd throw it on every down."

Tiller is interrupted every time he pipes up, and the clip ends with the coach
rolling his eyes.

Though Purdue's commercial is more amusing than informative, it alludes to the
changes made in Tiller's pass-happy offense, formerly known as "basketball on
grass." The Boilermakers' play breakdown shows 36 more runs than passes
(124-88). Four players, including Kirsch, average at least 27 rushing yards a
game.

The changes have not affected the bottom line: Purdue ranks 16th nationally in
scoring offense (38.3 ppg).

Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis, whose team visits No. 22 Purdue on Saturday (6:45
p.m., ESPN), credited Tiller and offensive coordinator Jim Chaney for tweaking
the offense after the departure of quarterback Kyle Orton.

"They've evolved that offense into such a more balanced offense than they've had
in the past," Weis said. "It causes a whole bunch of problems. When a team is
basically a throwing team first, if you go in there and make sure that they
don't run the ball on you, at least you'll have a fighting chance.

"Now you no longer can perceive their offense as one- dimensional."

Health beat: Charlie Weis said both wide receiver Rhema McKnight and center Bob
Morton are making progress with their respective injuries. Morton, who hurt his
left leg early in the fourth quarter against Washington, is questionable to
doubtful for the Purdue game.

Both players were in uniform Tuesday and rode exercise bikes at practice.

"Bobby, I thought when it happened, not knowing medically what it was, that he
would definitely be out," Weis said. "I was very encouraged meeting with the
trainer and the doctors. He has a chance to play (Saturday)."

McKnight has missed the last two games after having minor surgery on his right
knee.

"Rhema's getting closer," Weis said. "I don't know if he'll be able to go this
week, but it's going to be pretty soon."

When McKnight returns he will be incorporated into a three-man rotation with
Jeff Samardzija and Maurice Stovall.

Head of the class: Notre Dame recently received two more verbal commitments,
from offensive lineman Eric Olsen (Brooklyn, New York) and safety Sergio Brown
(Maywood/Proviso East H.S.), to bring its total to 18.

Olsen reportedly received 21 scholarship offers, including ones from Miami,
Maryland and Boston College. Brown chose Notre Dame over a host of Big Ten
schools, including Iowa, Purdue, Illinois and Northwestern.

The success has even surprised Charlie Weis, who thought his recruiting efforts
wouldn't truly materialize until next season.

"We took a very aggressive posture," Weis said. "Those dividends are coming in
now."

Bear tracks: Bears general manager Jerry Angelo was in attendance Tuesday at
Notre Dame practice. Angelo spoke briefly with Charlie Weis and defensive backs
coach Bill Lewis, who spent the last nine seasons as a coach with the NFL's
Miami Dolphins.

Return to sender: True freshman David Grimes has taken a starting kickoff return
job from sophomore Justin Hoskins, who didn't travel to Washington. Grimes
returned a kick 31 yards against the Huskies.

"I don't think I'm going to be in a big hurry to be taking him out," Charlie
Weis said.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Fayetteville man accused of ninth DUI offense

BYLINE: By, Staff report

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 691 words


GUILFORD TOWNSHIP - A Fayetteville man is accused of committing his ninth DUI
offense and 21st offense of driving while his license is suspended.

Marc B. Osman, 35, Fayetteville, allegedly pulled alongside police at Sheetz,
1819 Wayne Road, at about 6:30 p.m. Feb. 14, and was subsequently found to be
driving while intoxicated and on a suspended license, according to Pennsylvania
State Police, Chambersburg. He was arrested for both offenses.

(Incident H03-2460473)

Antrim Township

THEFT: Someone took a 55-inch television from a home on Ridge Road at about 7:41
p.m. on March 1, according to Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg. Anyone
with information regarding this incident is asked to contact Pennsylvania State
Police, Chambersburg at 717-264-5161.

(Incident H03-2464643)

Chambersburg

RETAIL THEFT: Nequa Braxton and Tierra Glenn, both ages 19 and from
Philadelphia, are accused of attempting to leave Wal-Mart, 1730 Lincoln Way
East, with unpaid merchandise in a shopping cart at about 3:47 p.m. on Feb. 19,
according to Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg. The women were confronted
by an employee, and then left the shopping cart on the sidewalk and fled the
scene in a green Volkswagen Jetta, according to the report.

(Incident H03-2461779)

Greene Township

RETAIL THEFT: Someone stole $5,790 worth of merchandise from Victoria's Secret
at Chambersburg Mall, 3055 Black Gap Road, between 3:30 p.m. and 3:45 p.m. on
Feb. 26, according to Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg. Charges will be
filed through the district court, pending further investigation, according to
the report.

(Incident H03-2463574)

Hamilton Township

THEFT: At about 3:58 p.m. on Feb. 22, authorities responded to a report of a
theft at Food Lion, 875 Lincoln Way West, according to Pennsylvania State
Police, Chambersburg. Charges will be filed through the district court, pending
further investigation, according to the report.

(Incident H03-2462477)

Mont Alto

DISORDERLY CONDUCT: A 22-year-old man was arrested after police responded to a
report of a man acting aggressively on Reynolds Avenue at about 9:48 p.m. on
Feb. 29, according to Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg. The man also
acted aggressively in the presence of police, according to the report.

(Incident H03-2464381)

Fulton County

Todd Township

DUI: A 31-year-old McConnellsburg man was arrested for suspicion of driving
under the influence after he was stopped for a traffic violation on Lincoln Way
East at about 6:38 p.m. on March 1, according to Pennsylvania State Police,
McConnellsburg. The investigation continues.

(Incident G05-1437837)

Cumberland County

Dickinson Township

THEFT: Someone took an unknown amount of money from a Carlisle person's unlocked
vehicle in the the first block of Nelson Drive between 8:30 p.m. on Feb. 19 and
10 p.m. on March 1, according to Pennsylvania State Police, Carlisle. Anyone
with information regarding this incident is asked to contact Pennsylvania State
Police, Carlisle at 717-249-2121.

(Incident H02-2464931)

CRASH: A Gardners woman is unharmed after she hit a deer with the vehicle she
was driving on the morning of March 2, according to Pennsylvania State Police,
Carlisle. At about 5:36 a.m., Millie R. Digiovanni, 38, was driving a 1974 Ford
F-100 north on Pa. 34, when a deer ran out into the road. According to the
report, Digiovanni was unable to stop and the vehicle collided with the deer.

(Incident H02-2464720)

Lower Frankford Township

IDENTITY THEFT: Someone used a Carlisle woman's personal information to file a
fraudulent tax return, according to Pennsylvania State Police, Carlisle.

(Incident H02-2464821)

South Middleton Township

POSSESSION: A 13-year-old student was found to be in possession of a marijuana
smoking device at Yellow Breeches Middle School, 4 Forge Road, at 7:30 a.m. Feb.
12, according to Pennsylvania State Police, Carlisle.

(Incident H02-2459808)

DUI: Shandi K. Sheaffer, 24, Mount Holly Springs, was arrested after she was
stopped for speeding on Allen Road and Walnut Bottom Road and found to be under
the influence of alcohol at about 2:09 a.m. on Feb. 24, according to
Pennsylvania State Police, Carlisle.

(Incident H02-2462839)

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cpo


                         Copyright 2016 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             July 14, 2007 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

E-MAIL HOAX: False tales about big fines frighten Georgia drivers

BYLINE: ARIEL HART; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 425 words


A red hot hoax traveling the e-mail highway is telling Georgians that new,
outlandish fines are going into effect July 1 for traffic violations. The corker
is a notice that violating a car pool lane will now cost drivers $1068.50 ---
just for the first offense.

"Second offense is doubled," goes the phony notice. "Third offense is tripled
and fourth offense is license suspension. Thereafter, the driver may be jailed."

Not quite. "It's bogus. It's untrue," said senior trooper Larry Schnall,
spokesman for the State Patrol. "It's like an urban legend."

A spokesman for the Governor's Office of Highway Safety said the actual fine for
a first offense misusing a car pool lane is $75. Repeated offenses cost more,
but not $3,000. A fourth offense is $150 and a point on your license, said the
spokesman, Jim Shuler.

The office got wind of the problem Wednesday morning when an e-mail query about
the hoax turned into a stream. They're steamed.

"People will end up losing confidence in the system if they start to get bad
information," said Bob Dallas, the office's director. "Down the road it's
important as we try to make legitimate changes to the law that will result in
fewer lives being lost that people not say, 'Oh, that's one of those spam
e-mails we shouldn't pay attention to.' "

The state's techno-hunters are on the trail of the perpetrator, trying to use
copies of the e-mail to track the sender.

One thing they're pretty sure of is it's not an employee in the Governor's
Office of Workforce Development whose name and phone numbers appear at the
bottom of the e-mail. Calls to her number were not returned. Her voice mail
message, recorded in a calm, steely voice, tells callers the note was a hoax and
not from her office.

"She's very upset," said Dallas.

"It's an agency that has absolutely nothing to do with traffic laws," said
highway safety spokesman Shuler, who has spent two entire days tracking down
correct information to refute the hoax. "Why would anybody believe that? I don't
know."

An identical e-mail, previously circulated in California and Texas, is listed on
Snopes.com, a hoax-debunking Web site.

Other lies in the e-mail include an assertion that "Speeders can only go 3 miles
above the speed limit." According to Shuler, the State Patrol "can and does
enforce the speed limit at one mile an hour over the posted speed limit." But
some jurisdictions are reluctant to ticket.

Another is that "As of 7-01-07 cell phone use must be 'hands free' while
driving. Ticket is $285.00." There is no such state law, said Shuler, and no
ticket.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             January 1, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

THE RUNDOWN

SECTION: Sports; E11

LENGTH: 729 words


The Ravens rank 21st in passing offense, but that hasn't stopped Derrick Mason
from becoming the team's first 1,000-yard receiver since 2001. Over the past two
games, QB Kyle Boller has thrown six touchdowns and one interception, but he has
been inconsistent at best in his other starts.

As in last week's loss to Seattle, the Colts' starters likely will play
sparingly. The Cardinals have the dubious distinction of ranking first in the
league in passing offense and dead last in the league in rushing offense. Only
one team since 1970  --  the 2000 Chargers  --  has averaged less than Arizona's
67.3 rushing yards per game over an entire season, and the Cardinals will
out-stink that San Diego team if they don't rush for at least 54 yards today.

The Bills have been a pillar of dubious consistency, ranking 29th in both
offense and defense. They're on pace to gain 4,043 yards, their lowest total in
a non-strike season since 1972, and on pace to allow 5,641 yards, the
second-highest total in franchise history.

The Falcons have been eliminated from playoff contention, but they can still
secure the franchise's first back-to-back winning seasons. Atlanta cornerback
DeAngelo Hall will miss the game after separating his shoulder last week, so it
could be a big day for Panthers wide receiver Steve Smith against backup Omare
Lowe, normally a special teams player.

Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer has 26 touchdown passes and seven
interceptions in the team's 11 wins. In Cincinnati's four losses, he has six
touchdowns and five interceptions, and he's thrown two interceptions in each of
the team's past two games. The Chiefs have the league's 31st-ranked pass
defense, and their 25 passing touchdowns allowed is the third-highest total in
the league.

Today could be the final home game for Steelers running back Jerome Bettis, who
has talked about retiring. Coach Bill Cowher may honor Bettis, who ranks fifth
in league history in career rushing yardage, by giving him one final start.
Pittsburgh gained 209 yards rushing in last week's humiliation of the Browns and
has rushed for 541 yards over its past three games.

The Patriots lately have been touted as a playoff sleeper by those who tout,
seeing as they have won six of seven. But those wins have come against teams  --
the Dolphins, Saints, Bills, Bucs and Jets twice  --  with a combined 29-46
record. Linebacker Tedy Bruschi hurt his calf on Monday against the Jets.

Bucs Coach Jon Gruden has never beaten the Saints at Raymond James Stadium in
three games. Up against the league's fifth-ranked pass defense, Tampa Bay will
be without wide receiver Michael Clayton (sprained big toe). Bucs running back
Carnell "Cadillac" Williams will become the team's first 1,200-yard rusher since
Errict Rhett in 1995 if he gains 103 yards.

Seahawks running back Shaun Alexander, who missed practice this week to attend
his aunt's funeral, needs one touchdown to set the league single-season record
he now shares with Priest Holmes.

The 49ers are looking for their first two-game winning streak to end a regular
season since 1996. Before last week's win over the Rams, San Francisco had a
fairly good shot at the No. 1 pick in the draft. But with a win today, it  could
fall to seventh.

Jaguars quarterback Byron Leftwich, who broke his ankle Nov. 27 against the
Cardinals, practiced this week for the first time since the injury, thus
creating a minor furor in the Jacksonville area, despite the fact that the game
is utterly meaningless as far as the Jags' playoff position is concerned. David
Garrard is 3-1 as Leftwich's replacement, but Jacksonville has trailed in the
second half in each of those four games.

Bears running back Thomas Jones needs 27 rushing yards to join Walter Payton as
the only Chicago running backs to reach 1,300 in a season. But apart from
reaching that goal, don't expect much from the Bears' starters. "We're not going
to show them much," center Olin Kreutz said. "It's going to be like a preseason
game plan."

The slim line between victory and defeat has been perfectly exemplified by the
Cowboys this season. Of their nine wins, six have come by four points or less.
Of their six losses, five have come by seven points or less. Needing a win to
have any shot at the playoffs, Dallas Coach Bill Parcells headed to the office
at 2 a.m. on Christmas day to begin planning for the Rams.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 31, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Giants' Offense Idling In Land of Make-Believe

BYLINE: By BILL PENNINGTON

SECTION: Section B; Page 11; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, July 30


Sometimes football at a National Football League training camp is no different
from play at school yards and backyards across the country. Bored people make up
pretend games.

This morning at Giants practice, the coaches put a football at the 30-yard line
and told the first-string offense it had to travel 70 yards for a game-winning
touchdown. Pretend there are only two minutes left.

What followed was an early, limited test of the new offense. Giants fans can be
thankful it was only a drill.

After four plays against the defensive first team, Dave Brown had led the
offense upfield 19 yards. And then, trying to hit the rookie Ike Hilliard over
the middle, Brown was intercepted by defensive back Jason Sehorn.

Minutes earlier, in what had been a short-yardage drill, Brown was also
intercepted, causing the new head coach, Jim Fassel, to toss the laminated list
of plays he carries into the air over his head in apparent disgust. This time,
Fassel just stared at Brown.

The second-string quarterback Danny Kanell followed Brown onto the field and led
the second-string offense to a touchdown against the No. 2 defensive unit, and
then Brown and the first offense were given another turn at the two-minute
drill. Ten plays later, including three in which Brown would have been sacked if
not for camp rules against hitting the quarterback, the offense was still 25
yards short of the end zone. When Brown and the rookie running back Tiki Barber
failed to connect on a swing pass, the quarterback erupted.

"Would you run the pattern, Tiki?" Brown yelled, though his sentence in total
was a bit more saucy. "Let's go!" The Giants eventually kicked a field goal and
the morning practice ended, with everyone except the defense looking out of
sorts.

This was only one drill in nearly two weeks of practices. But the new offense
has often looked like last year's. In a short-yardage session on Tuesday, the
defense mauled the offense, giving up no more than a half-yard on six
consecutive running plays -- and on the seventh play, safety Percy Ellsworth
made an interception.

On the running plays Tuesday, the defense was busting through the banged-up,
unseasoned line to make contact with the ball carriers just after the handoff.
Fassel blew his whistle after Ellsworth's interception to end the practice, and
he might have done so to prevent an injury, so one-sided was the hitting.

Today, when another full-contact short-yardage drill was scheduled, Fassel
turned the exercise into a walk-through, which means no hitting.

The coaches and players will say that the defense is simply ahead of the
offense, which has more new formations and plays to assimilate in Fassel's new
system. "Our defense knows our routes and formations," Fassel added. "And we're
not doing anything special to confuse them right now."

But so often in 12 days of camp, when the starting offense has gone head-to-head
with the starting defense, the edges on the Brown-led Giants have been rough
indeed. Fassel twice yelled at his charges today, asking, as he does daily, for
the offensive players to speed their tempo. Asked about the gesturing with his
arms after one of Brown's interceptions, Fassel said:

"It's frustration. The route was open earlier in the play and Dave hesitated.
It's something he does occasionally. We keep working on it."

As for the Brown-Barber exchange, a Brown statement from Tuesday seemed
relevant. "I'm going to start telling guys if I don't like something," he said.
"I'm tired of just fitting in and losing."

"Dave is progressing," Fassel said. "The entire offense is. It is a step-by-step
process. Two steps up, then a step back. Then make sure the next step is
forward."

For now there is time. This is only pretend. But the regular season is only 32
days away -- and that's no drill, even if the clock is ticking.

EXTRA POINTS

Center BRIAN WILLIAMS was re-examined at the Manhattan Eye and Ear Infirmary
Wednesday to determine if surgery will be necessary to heal the damage to his
injured right eye. The team did not announce the results of the exam. The backup
center JERRY REYNOLDS was held out of Wednesday afternoon's practice with a
sprained knee. The former starting tackle and guard GREG BISHOP took the
majority of the snaps in Reynolds's place. Running back RODNEY HAMPTON missed
his second consecutive day of practice with a swollen right knee. Defensive end
CHAD BRATZKE was withheld from practice because of tendinitis in both knees.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Giants rookie Tiki Barber trying to get near a Dave Brown
pass yesterday. Brown wasn't enthused about the way Barber ran a pattern. (David
Jennings for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 18, 2010 Saturday

Luck has hitched his wagon to football guru

BYLINE: Dave Morrison, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 646 words


Dec. 18--West Virginia Athletic Director Oliver Luck is betting the ranch that
he is making the right move by hiring Oklahoma State offensive coordinator Dana
Holgorsen to lead the program in the future.

Holgorsen will serve as offensive coordinator next season and then will take
over as head coach in 2012.

Interestingly enough, Luck had not met Holgorsen -- they both lived and worked
in Houston -- before deciding he was going to make a change within the football
staff. In other words, Holgorsen was not on his radar when he decided that Bill
Stewart would be replaced, either after this season or after next.

He admitted as much Thursday when he met with the media.

"Coach Stewart and I met along with coach Stewart's adviser and our university
general counsel on Nov. 14, the Sunday after the Cincinnati game, and at that
point coach Stewart was informed that I was not satisfied with the direction of
the program and that changes would be made," Luck said.

Luck still hadn't met Holgorsen.

That happened nine days later.

"I first met Dana Holgorsen on Nov. 23 ...," Luck said. "I knew of him, of
course, having lived in Houston and following college football. I knew of him
before he ever got to the University of Houston, but did not meet him until Nov.
23 of this year.

"I was in Kansas City for the induction of Jerry West into the College
Basketball Hall of Fame and made the side trip a little bit south and west to
visit him. I made a trip to visit and talk to a coach who I thought was one of
the great offensive coaches in the nation."

That is when Luck knew he had found his man.

Holgorsen's resume is impressive. He has excelled at every level he has coached,
with high marks.

His last five years look like this, as far as the offensive national rankings
go:

2010 as offensive coordinator at Oklahoma State: first it total offense (538),
second in pass offense (355) and third in scoring (44.9 ppg).

2009 as offensive coordinator at Houston: first in total offense (563.4), first
in pass offense (433.7) and tied for first in scoring (42.2).

2008 as offensive coordinator at Houston: second in total offense (562.8),
second in passing offense (401.6) and 18th in scoring (40.6).

2007 as offensive coordinator at Texas Tech: second in total offense (529.6),
first in passing offense (470.3) and seventh in scoring (40.7).

2006 as offensive coordinator at Texas Tech: sixth in total offense (447.9),
third in passing offense (369.5) and 13th in scoring (332.4).

Luck was well aware of them, and envisions it happening at WVU.

"He took over an offense that was 61st in the nation in total yards, and had a
first-year quarterback, a young man named Brandon Weeden," Luck said of
Holgorsen's 2010 numbers at OSU. "He finished the season No. 1 in total offense
and moved up 60 spots in the national rankings. The statistic that I find
amazing is that his quarterback, Brandon Weeden, and one of his running backs,
Kendall Hunter, along with Justin Blackmon (the Biletnikoff award winner),
became only the second trio in NCAA history to pass for at least 3,000 yards,
run for more than 1,500 yards and have a receiver that caught passes worth more
than 1,500 yards receiving in the same season.

"I think for our players, Geno (Smith), Tavon (Austin), Brad Starks and Shawne
Alston, I think they should be very excited about what kind of an offense they
will be playing in come next season. It's a great opportunity for them."

Indeed.

Luck is banking on just that fact.

And to his credit, Holgorsen has not failed in piling up the numbers.

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101218-WZ-Luck-has-hitched-his-wagon-to-football-guru-1218-20101218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2010 The Register-Herald


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 23, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Packers showing Super Bowl look

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 667 words


USA TODAY pro football editor Gordon Forbes rates the 30 NFL teams
at the midseason point:

# # # # # Super Bowl team

# # # # Playoff level

# # # Wild card

# # Also-rans

# Hill climbers

Thou shalt not mention the Super Bowl.

Despite coach Mike Holmgren's 11th commandment, Super Bowl XXXI
remains fixed in the minds of the Green Bay Packers. They might
not be talking about it on Lombardi Ave. with tape recorders or
TV lights around.

But the Packers are thinking about it, as if it was already on
their itinerary.


Indeed, at midseason, the Packers have the talent and attitude
of a Super Bowl team. The other challengers are still trying to
develop the Super Bowl look.

# # # # #

Green Bay: Gunslinger Brett Favre leads an explosive offense;
the Packer defense, with its situation scheme, has never been
better.

# # # #

Dallas: Cowboys still can turn it on, but the offense misses TE
Jay Novacek and the offensive line has slipped.

San Francisco: Quarterbacks Steve Young and Elvis Grbac are ailing,
and the 49ers wish they had Ricky Watters instead of a rushing
committee.

Denver: RB Terrell Davis and QB John Elway are having fun, and
the Broncos' defensive unit is the best since the Randy Gradishar-Louis
Wright years.

Kansas City: The Chiefs need more big plays from QB Steve Bono;
the red-zone defense is the best in the NFL.

Houston: QB Chris Chandler is vastly underrated; the run defense
and special teams are loaded with playmakers.

Philadelphia: The Eagles are feeding off coach Ray Rhodes' up-tempo
personality; quotable RB Ricky Watters is headed for a rushing
title.

Pittsburgh: The resourceful Steelers would knock down dressing
room doors at Three Rivers for coach Bill Cowher.

New England: QB Drew Bledsoe and pass rushers Willie McGinest
and Chris Slade could lead Patriots into the playoffs.

# # #

Washington: Well-coached Redskins have fed off softies with great
play-calling; can't afford an outbreak of injuries.

Indianapolis: Beat-up Colts need a big month from trainer Hunter
Smith.

Miami: QB Dan Marino is back, but young defense needs more big-game
experience.

Oakland: Solid enough on offense with healthy QB Jeff Hostetler,
but aren't what they used to be against the pass.

Minnesota: In-and-out Vikings can drive coaches to long nights
of tape-watching.

Detroit: An exciting team on offense that can break hearts on
defense.

Carolina: Awesome speed rush and coverage work by special teams;
offense has its moments.

Buffalo: Bills might be feeling their ages; finish with road games
in December at Indianapolis, Seattle and Miami.

San Diego: Beat-up Chargers have given up 16 TD passes, as many
as they did last year; QB Stan Humphries has suffered dislocated
elbow, two shoulder separations in last three seasons.

# #

Jacksonville: Terrific QB in Mark Brunell, but Jags killing themselves
with 76 penalties.

Baltimore: QB Vinny Testaverde enjoying career season; pass rush
is dreadful.

Cincinnati: Bengals need tough coach to handle an offense that
likes to strut.

Chicago: Injuries have taken Bears down to the level of mediocrity.

New York Giants: Drab offense makes it tough on Dan Reeves' overworked
defense, which has been out there for 464 plays.

Arizona: The Cardinals are still wondering if QB Kent Graham is
the real deal.

Seattle: Playing hard for coach Dennis Erickson but need more
run-stoppers and more third-down conversions.

#

New Orleans: The Saints have lost their swagger on defense; their
commitment to the run, and therefore, coach Jim Mora.

Atlanta: The secondary needs an overhaul, with one interception
in seven games.

Tampa Bay: Coach Tony Dungy longs for '70s era, when teams could
win 13-10 squeakers with tough defense and ball-control offense.

St. Louis: Playing out of control, with 60 penalties, 21 fumbles,
25 sacks.

New York Jets: Saving money on game balls.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Lacy Atkins, AP; Key components: Packers coach Mike
Holmgren and quarterback Brett Favre take the quiet approach to Super Bowl
aspirations.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

The drunken-driving record

SECTION: Editorial; pg. ONE12

LENGTH: 298 words


These stories about repeat drunken-driving cases appeared in The Patriot Ledger
in the past week:

Sheila Martines Pina, the former head of the Southeastern Massachusetts
Convention and Visitors Bureau, will remain behind bars after a district court
judge revoked her bail following her fifth arraignment on drunken-driving
charges. Already convicted twice of drunken driving, Pina had two pending
drunken driving cases when she was arrested Tuesday by New Bedford police.

Weymouth police charged Leo Podolske, 41, of 228 Park Ave., Weymouth with third-
offense drunken driving after they said they found him sleeping behind the wheel
of his truck, which was stopped with its engine running in the middle of
Governors Road at 3:15 a.m. Saturday.

John Kelly Jr., 53, of 150 Franklin St., Braintree, pleaded innocent in Quincy
District Court to second-offense drunken driving. The offenses allegedly
occurred May 28 in Braintree.

Hayes Cole, 42, of 64 Cottage Ave., Randolph, pleaded innocent in Quincy
District Court to second-offense drunken driving and having an open liquor
container in a motor vehicle. The offense occurred on May 26 when a state
trooper stopped Cole after seeing him allegedly drive with only his parking
lights on in Quincy.

John J. Carr III, 40, of 16 Worcester Place, Holbrook, was found innocent of
third-offense drunken driving by Quincy District Court Judge Diane Moriarty
following a bench trial. The offenses occurred Nov. 1 in Holbrook.

In Plymouth District Court, Richard X. Curtin, 45, of 304 Market St., Rockland,
pleaded innocent to charges of second-offense drunken driving. Marshfield police
charged him on May 27.

Charles F. Wilk, 43, of 16 Chestnut Park, Melrose, pleaded innocent to charges
of second-offense drunken driving. Duxbury police charged him on May 26.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Patriot Ledger


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 19, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

4-year sentence for driver who killed Sealy

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 4F

LENGTH: 275 words

The driver who killed Minnesota Timberwolves swingman Malik Sealy in a wrong-way
car crash was sentenced Wednesday in Minneapolis to four years in prison.

Souksangouane Phengsene, 44, was legally drunk when his pickup truck smashed
head-on into Sealy's sport-utility vehicle on May 20. Authorities said
Phengsene, who pleaded guilty to criminal vehicular homicide, had a
blood-alcohol level of 0.19.

Defense attorneys asked for no prison time for Phengsene, arguing that he was
remorseful and that the accident occurred near a construction zone. He will have
to serve at least 32 months.

In Wednesday's exhibitions

Dirk Nowitzki scored 27 points as the Dallas Mavericks beat the host Toronto
Raptors 99-94. The 6-foot-11 Nowitzki was 4-for-6 from 3-point range. Vince
Carter scored 30 for Toronto. . . . Allan Houston and Charlie Ward each had 18
points as the New York Knicks beat the visiting Milwaukee Bucks 100-81.  Glen
Rice of the Knicks and Glenn Robinson of the Bucks missed the game with sore
left knees. . . . Jamal Mashburn scored 22 points and David Wesley 18 to lead
the host Charlotte Hornets to a 99-90 victory over the New Jersey Nets. The
Hornets played without Elden Campbell, who has an inflamed left elbow, and
Derrick Coleman, who is out for the preseason because of new heart medication.
The Nets were without Keith Van Horn, who broke his left leg Tuedsay.

Briefly . . .

The Detroit Pistons waived forward Ansu Sesay, a day after he was acquired from
the Dallas Mavericks. . . . Chicago Bulls guard Corey Benjamin was charged with
domestic battery after his live-in girlfriend accused him of slapping her.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            October 31, 2010 Sunday

Offense improves despite loss

BYLINE: Scott Nulph

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 385 words


wyoming racked up 338 yards of total offense in the loss saturday in laramie.

By Scott Nulph

snulph@wyosports.net

LARAMIE - There was plenty of disappointment across the board in the University
of Wyoming's 48-38 loss to San Diego State on Saturday. But outside of losing
bowl eligibility and not being able to cover SDSU's receivers, one of the
biggest disappointments was the Cowboys wasting their best offensive production
of the season.

The 38 points was the most Wyoming has scored since a 42-17 win over UNLV on
Oct. 1, 2005. UW's 338 yards of total offense was the most it has produced since
the season-opening 28-20 win over Southern Utah.

And the Cowboys did most of it from the true spread offense, an offense missing
in action for most of the year.

"Thirty-eight points, it's a few more than we've scored most of the year," UW
coach Dave Christensen said. "We went back to our spread offense. We felt
personnel-wise we could match up better the rest of the year. We moved the
football. It was probably one of our best performances that we've had this year.

"It should be enough to win the game."

The Cowboys spent most of Saturday lined up with five receivers spread wide,
then motioning a running back into the backfield.

UW quarterback Austyn Carta-Samuels said he was excited about the move back to
the spread and it showed.

Carta-Samuels threw for 186 yards and three touchdowns and ran for 104 yards,
although he was officially listed with 51 due to 53 yards in sacks.

"We've been good at that (the spread offense) since we ran it last fall and
spring," Carta-Samuels said. "We came out today and knew we have been successful
in running it before. I'm always excited when I have the ball in my hands."

The spread also helped the running game, with Alvester Alexander rushing for 88
yards, including a season-best run of 49 yards, and one TD. As a team, Wyoming
outrushed San Diego State 152-76, the first time this year UW has outgained its
opponent on the ground.

Yet it still wasn't enough to keep the Pokes from their seventh loss of the
season.

"We're not into moral victories, but we looked good at times," UW senior
receiver Zach Bolger said. "We switched some guys up in positions early in the
week. We haven't done this five-wide in a couple of weeks. I liked some of the
drives we were putting together."

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wyoming wide receiver David Leonard catches a touchdown pass from
Austin Carta-Samuel as a San Diego State defender looks on during the third
quarter at Jonah Field at War Memorial Stadium Saturday in Laramie. Michael
Smith/WyoSports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 31, 2007 Tuesday

West Coast offense has roots in Cincinnati

BYLINE: By Jon Wilner MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: FOOTBALL; 49ers; Sports

LENGTH: 458 words


Everything about the West Coast offense, Bill Walsh's gift to football, is
precise: the quarterback's footwork, the pass patterns, the timing of the
throws.

The exception is the name itself: The West Coast offense was invented in
Cincinnati.

Walsh was the Bengals offensive coordinator in the early 1970s when he created
what would become one of the most famous strategic systems in all of sports -- a
system that revolutionized football, helped turn Joe Montana into a legend and
propelled the 49ers to five Super Bowl titles.

These days, the principles of Walsh's system span every level of football, every
region of the country.

"When I hear 'West Coast offense,' I think of what Bill Walsh did here with the
49ers," said former 49ers offensive coordinator Norv Turner, now the coach of
the San Diego Chargers.

"But so many people have worked for him, and they've given it a lot of
variations. Now, with everyone having videotape and seeing what everyone else
does, there has been a lot of mixing."

Walsh has credited Pro Football Hall of Fame coach Sid Gillman with inventing
the aerial attack, the timing routes, the presnap motion and especially the
downfield passes. What Walsh did was adjust Gillman's model to suit his
personnel in Cincinnati.

His system relied on rhythm and timing. It featured quick drops and
high-percentage throws that turned the passing game into an extension of the
running game -- a means of controlling the ball. He made use of tight ends and
running backs (Roger Craig set a then-NFL record with 92 receptions for the
49ers in 1985), and he designed patterns that gave his players a chance to run
after the catch. Jerry Rice would be forever grateful.

Walsh honed the system in Cincinnati and San Diego and during his two years as
the head coach at Stanford (1977-78). Then he took the 49ers job and drafted the
man who would make his offense famous: Montana.

Together, Walsh and Montana won three Super Bowls with what became known as the
"West Coast offense." The assistants who tutored under Walsh or his successors
used the system when they became head coaches. Mike Holmgren and Mike Shanahan
won Super Bowls with it in Green Bay and Denver, respectively.

By the mid-1990s, most NFL teams and many college programs were using the
principles of the West Coast offense. But the system has been tweaked so often
that it's difficult to recognize -- only Seattle's Holmgren runs something close
to the pure version, the Montana version -- unless you're an expert.

"I can be watching a West Coast offense on TV, and if I hear an audible, I know
what the play is," Walsh told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune in September. "The
philosophy and terminology are essentially the same. But things evolve and
coaches add their own wrinkles."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: San Francisco 49ers coach Bill Walsh is hoisted on the shoulders of his
team after they defeated the Miami Dolphins 38-16 in Super Bowl XIX in this Jan.
20, 1985 file photo, at Stanford.
Bill Walsh poses with a bust of himself after being inducted into the Pro
Football Hall of Fame in this file photo from July 13, 1993.
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Joe Montana and head coachBill Walsh smile for
photographers during the closing moments of theirplayoff game against the
Minnesota Vikings in this Jan. 4, 1989 filephoto at Candlestick Park in San
Francisco.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                October 13, 1999 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

OREGON STATE'S ERICKSON SHOOTING FOR TURNAROUND OFFENSE SHAPED AT SJSU

BYLINE: JOHN AKERS, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 903 words


This is not where it all started for Oregon State Coach Dennis Erickson, though
the argument could be made. The coach's kid from Everett, Wash., has had a lot
of stops in his career, including the NFL and a couple of national-championship
teams at Miami, but here in Silicon Valley, at least, his offensive philosophy
was hatched.

Since he left San Jose State as an offensive coordinator in 1981, Erickson has
been the head coach at Idaho, Wyoming, Washington State, Miami, the Seattle
Seahawks and now is trying to make a winner of the Beavers, losers in each of
their past 28 seasons.

He wouldn't be seen at any one of those places -- including a date Saturday with
Stanford -- without the single-back "spread" offense that is all the rage now in
college football and that originated on the Division I-A level on the practice
fields of SJSU in the late 1970s. The same one that gave the Cardinal fits in a
44-39 loss to the Spartans two weeks ago.

The offense, which spreads three, four and sometimes five receivers across the
field, was the brainchild of Jack Neumeier, a coach at Granada Hills High School
who had a strong-armed Stanford-bound quarterback named John Elway but not much
else to work with. Elway's father, Jack, tinkered with the offense at Cal
State-Northridge and brought it to SJSU in 1979.

"At San Jose, we started with two backs and motioned the guy," Erickson said.
"We got it to one back at San Jose, and we were the only team doing that. At
Idaho, we expanded on it. Jack and I were the only two guys doing it at the
time."

Elway taught the offense to Washington State Coach Mike Price, and the thing
spread. Stanford offensive coordinator Bill Diedrick, whose stints at Idaho and
Washington State followed the Erickson regimes, is deeply rooted in the offense.
Rick Rasnick, a former SJSU center, runs it at Eastern Michigan. Dave Baldwin, a
receivers coach on that SJSU staff with Elway and Erickson, brought it back to
the Spartans.

"Dennis has taken it to steps beyond," Baldwin said.

Now everyone's doing it. Joe Gibbs ran a variation of the spread with the
Washington Redskins. Even the muscle-brained Michigans and Alabamas are running
it.

Erickson would have brought the offense to Corvallis, Ore., in 1984, but a
couple of professors blocked his recommendation by a 17-member screening
committee and went instead with Dave Kragthorpe. Without him, the Beavers went
40-125-3 while Erickson's teams were going 127-66-1 and winning national titles
at Miami in 1989 and 1991.

When the Seahawks fired Erickson last season at about the time Mike Riley was
being named coach of the San Diego Chargers, he gave Oregon State Athletic
Director Mitch Barnhart a call. To much of the football world, the move made no
sense. Why would a coach who has had so much success take a job at a school that
hadn't even been to a bowl game since the 1965 Rose Bowl? But Erickson wanted to
get right back into coaching, preferably at a West Coast college. Washington
wasn't going to hire the recently fired coach of the Seahawks. That left an
Oregon State program that Erickson believed was in a better position to win than
the last time he had applied.

In 1984, the fired Joe Avezzano was coming off five seasons that produced a
total of six victories. Under Riley last season, the Beavers were 5-6 and within
a failed two-point conversion on the final play of a game at Washington of their
first winning season since 1970. A $1.2 million turf field was added to newly
named Reser Stadium. The football complex has undergone a $6.2 million expansion
and remodeling. There are plans to expand the stadium capacity from 35,362 to
48,000.

"The commitment wasn't there (in 1984)," said Erickson, who wears his two title
rings to work. "The commitment is there now."

The Beavers sold 2,000 season tickets the week he was hired.

"He brought life to Corvallis," Beavers strong safety Terry Carroll said.

Erickson also brought a plan. Scholarship limits had dropped from 100 when he
was at Washington State (1987-88) and 95 when he was at Miami (1989-94) to the
current limit of 85. That would make more good players available to Oregon
State, just as it had at Kansas State, an outpost that became a national power.

"You say, 'Kansas State?' Well, (Coach Bill Snyder) had a plan," Erickson said.
"Everyone has to have a plan. How do you attract players (to Oregon State)? You
have to recruit this state and do a good job at it. Our mixture has to be high
school and junior college. Junior college, I think we can compete with anybody.
High school, it's tougher.

"You have to do what it takes in the off-season, and then you have to have
success. You can talk about it until you're blue in the face, but you have to
have success."

The plan is working relatively well for the Beavers (3-2). They have outgained
all of their opponents. They also trailed Washington 45-0 at halftime Saturday,
losing 47-21.

"I forgot how much I missed the pageantry," Erickson said of his return to the
college game. "I've really enjoyed it up to last week. That's the most miserable
35 minutes of my life, and that includes the dentist's chair."

Finding himself on the other end of the drill, apparently, was never part of the
plan.

In other college football news:

* Stanford's Oct. 23 game at USC will start at 12:30 p.m. and will be televised
regionally by channels 7 and 11.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Erickson
[991013 SP 1D]

                     Copyright 1999 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            November 29, 2004 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

MIDNIGHT NEAR?;
ROETHLISBERGER AND REST OF THE STEELERS' ONCE-MAGICAL OFFENSE SPUTTERS AGAIN

BYLINE: Bob Smizik

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-3

LENGTH: 756 words


Bill Cowher went out of his way to compliment the defense of the Washington
Redskins. So did Hines Ward. So did Ben Roethlisberger.

Methinks they doth protest too much.

The Redskins, for sure, are one tough defensive unit. But they're not the 1976
Steelers or the '85 Chicago Bears. In their two most recent games against teams
likely headed for the playoffs they allowed eight touchdowns, four each to the
Philadelphia Eagles and Green Bay Packers.

Which is to say a good offense has been known to handle the Redskins. Easily.
The Steelers, however, are looking more and more like an average offense. They
managed one touchdown in a 16-7 victory yesterday against the Redskins, a team
that is 3-8 and plays like it.

If this were a one-game slump, it might be easy to dismiss it as casually as
Cowher did. But the Steelers have struggled to score touchdowns for three
consecutive games, and that does not bode well for the final five games of the
season and the playoffs.

After scoring 16 touchdowns in five games, the Steelers have only four in the
past three games, only two in the past two games.

The two games on the front end of this slump were against the Cleveland Browns
and Cincinnati Bengals, not exactly defensive juggernauts.

That point was brought jarringly home when those two teams met yesterday at Paul
Brown Stadium and produced an offensive spectacle the Bengals won, 58-48.
Although the Steelers' offense could manage only two touchdowns against the
Browns' defense, the Bengals scored six. Although the Steelers' offense could
manage only one touchdown against the Bengals' defense, the Browns scored six.

Such evidence easily could lead to the conclusion that the Steelers' once
vaunted offense -- which punctured the touted defensive units of the New England
Patriots and the Eagles -- is a mere shell of its former self.

Not so, said Cowher, who claimed to be unconcerned.

After he lavishly praised the Redskins' defense, it was suggested to him that
his offense might have had something to do with Washington's success.

He wouldn't bite.

"Their defense is pretty good," was his only response.

The facts state otherwise. The facts state that the Steelers' offense is making
the defense of its opponents look considerably better than they are.

Roethlisberger had another ordinary game, his third in a row. He completed 9 of
20 passes for 131 yards. He threw neither an interception nor a touchdown. His
passer rating was a below-average 66.9.

In his past three games, he has thrown for 403 yards with one touchdown and one
interception. Those numbers are not terrible, but they in no way resemble the
Roethlisberger of earlier games.

He is not the only slumping member of the offensive unit.

Ward caught three passes for 42 yards, which by itself is not alarming. But in
his past four games, Ward has caught 11 passes for 131 yards. That is his least
productive four-game stretch since he emerged as a Pro Bowl-caliber receiver
after the 2000 season.

The offensive line, which once kept Roethlisberger's uniform almost spotlessly
clean, allowed four sacks. That's 11 in the past two games.

"They had a good scheme,'' Ward said of the Redskins' defense. "We were trying
to take our shots down the field and they had perfect coverage for certain
plays. But we left a lot of plays on the field. We had some guys open,
protection broke down, and we weren't able to convert some big plays. Have we
played well the last two weeks? No, we haven't ... for whatever reason.''

He later said, "We have to make more plays in the passing game.''

The offense is playing without deep threat Plaxico Burress, who was replaced in
the starting lineup by Antwaan Randle El.

"Antwaan played a phenomenal game,'' said Ward. "He was open on a couple of
plays. We just couldn't get it to him.''

Ward seemed to be suggesting that Roethlisberger was missing receivers, and the
quarterback was not backing away from such suggestions.

"There's always going to be someone open,'' he said. "I'm trying to do the best
I can to see guys who are open. That comes with the learning process and
learning to see things, seeing defenses, seeing guys open.''

He insisted his unit has played well enough.

"Our offense hasn't been bad,'' he said. "We've been able to move the ball down
the field and get Jeff Reed some field goals. We'll find ways to get better and,
hopefully, put more points on the board next week.''

That's entirely possible but, as the season winds down, the Steelers are looking
more and more like a team with a rookie quarterback ... a real rookie
quarterback.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NFL XTRA/ Bob Smizik can be reached at bsmizik@post-gazette.com or
412-263-1468.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Matt Freed/Post-Gazette: Hines Ward can't pull the ball in with
the Redskins' Fred Smoot in his face in the second quarter.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

NFL Sunday Night Football preview: Seahawks at Packers;
Sunday Night Football pits the two powerhouses of the NFC in a rematch of the
Conference Championship as the Seattle Seahawks travel to Lambeau Field to take
on Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers.

BYLINE: Jacob Gofman Contributor

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 806 words


Nearly eight months ago, NFL fans were treated to one of the most improbable
comeback victories in playoff history.

The Seattle Seahawks and Green Bay Packers played a wild, back-and-forth contest

 that eventually crowned Seattle as champions of the NFC. A 16-point Green Bay
half-time lead evaporated in the second half as the Seahawks clawed their way
back into the game and even led, only for the Packers to tie the game and send
it to overtime. In the end, the Seahawks walked away with an overtime win and
trip to the Superbowl.

With that game still fresh in the minds of many Packers players, coaching staff
and fans, expect a raucous environment at Lambeau Sunday night - and a close
hard-fought contest.

Green Bay enters this game coming off a hard-fought victory in Chicago against a
long-time division rival. The Bears kept the game close up until the fourth
quarter, when quarterback Aaron Rodgers and the offense were able to pull away.
Rodgers was not prolific by any means in the contest, but was efficient,
completing 78.2 percent of his passes and throwing for 3 touchdowns.

The Packers offense remained balanced in the face of adversity during the second
and third quarter, in the end running the ball 30 times and throwing 23. The
standout player in Week 1 was once cut, and more recently re-signed, wide out
receiver James Jones who caught 4 passes for 51 yards, including two athletic
grabs in the end zone for touchdowns. Expect Jones to figure heavily into the
Green Bay red zone game plan again on Sunday.

Meanwhile, the Seahawks dropped their first game of the season, falling to the
up-and-coming St. Louis Rams while looking vulnerable on defense and
inconsistent on offense.

The 34-31 loss for the Seahawks marks a dissapointing start to the season
following a heart-wrenching last-minute loss to the New England Patriots in last
season's Superbowl. The Seahawks offense seemed to shake off the rust in the
fourth quarter and overcame an 11-point deficit to take the lead late in the
fourth quarter. However, a last-minute touchdown and a stout Rams defense were
Seattle's undoing. The offense seemed to be off all-day, and playing from behind
forced quarterback Russell Wilson to throw more than the team would like.
Coincidentally, in the deciding play of the game where the Seattle offense only
needed one yard, the Seattles drew up a shotgun run to Marshawn Lynch that came
up short.

Both the Seahawks and the Packers will need to show improvement from Week 1 if
they are to come away with a victory Sunday Night.

For Seattle, defense will be the key. Seattle's defense has been the lynchpin of
their recent success and following a season in which the defense led the league
in yards allowed per game (267.1), points (15.9) and defensive efficiency, coach
Pete Carroll must have been shaking his head after his team allowed 373 yards
and 34 points to a pedestrian Rams offense. The team's front office has worked
hard to maintain its core of defense stars, but the loss of star strong safety
Kam Chancellor has already had an adverse effect on the defense.

"We miss Kam Chancellor," defensive end Michael Bennett told ESPN.com. "Not just
the way that he plays, but the way that he approaches the game, his leadership."

Chancellor, who is holding out for a better deal, is not expected to play
Sunday.

On the other side of the ball, the Packers will hope that their offense can get
off to a fast start in Week 2 following a sluggish first half against the Bears.

Green Bay's offensive attack finished first in offensive weighted DVOA
(Defense-Adjusted Value Above Replacement) in 2014-2015, a statistic developed
by Football Outsiders that measures the efficiency of an offense based on how
and when yards and points are accumulated and weighted based on the team's
schedule. A mix of run and pass made Green Bay successful last season, and the
emergence of Eddie Lacy as a star running back has alleviated the workload for
Aaron Rodgers allowing the passing attack to take advantage of big plays through
the play action pass. Establishing Lacy early and often - and winning the battle
at the line - will be important for the Green Bay offense against Seattle's run
defense.

Already undermanned following a season-ending injury to Jordy Nelson, the
Packers coaching staff will have to be creative in how the ball is spread around
this Sunday against the Seahawks. The success of Lacy may end up being the
deciding factor in how well Green Bay is able to manage against Seattle.

And Seattle will have to get a better, more consistent performance from its
offense if its hopes to score alongside Rodgers and the Packers. Given last
year's NFC Championship, virtually any outcome is in play for this week. The
best approach for NFL fans is to sit back, relax, and take in what should be a
fascinating Week 2 matchup.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 20, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Dear Offense: Giant Defense Needs a Hand

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 15; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 868 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Oct. 19


Coach Ray Handley painted a picture today of a Giants defense that no longer is
what it was and of an offense that has failed to emerge from that defense's
shadow.

"It's not the same team," Handley said of the team that won the 1991 Super Bowl
under Bill Parcells. "They're not the same players they were in '90. Certain
players are getting older."

It was clear he was referring to Lawrence Taylor and Leonard Marshall. Both are
trying, but are no longer dominant.

Only last month, the prospect of facing the Seattle Seahawks would have evoked
joyful anticipation among Giants fans. Now, mired with a 2-4 record, the Giants
must wonder if Sunday's game with the Seahawks will be another encounter with a
mediocre opponent suddenly finding itself.

Handley was speaking in the context of a 38-17 defeat to the Rams at Anaheim,
Calif., on Sunday, a loss in which the Giants produced only one sack of Jim
Everett, who was formerly ineffective. Everett completed 18 of 21 passes and his
one-game passing percentage of 85.7 has been bettered only four times in
National Football League history. Everett came into the game as the lowest-rated
passer in the National Conference.

Gambling Tactics

So Handley cited a "lack of a coordinated" defensive effort -- meaning that
players left their lanes or assigned blocks to try to make something happen.

On the 1990 Super Bowl team, players were allowed to react intuitively, run to
where they thought the ball would be and make big plays. Instead, Pepper
Johnson, the linebacker, moaned today, "Now if I gamble and the quarterback
picks up some yardage, I'm the bad guy."

Statistics reaffirm the decline of the defense. In 1990, the Giant defense
allowed only 211 points in 16 regular-season games. This season's unit has
already allowed 151 points in six games -- a 25-point-a-game yield. Even more
telling is the gradual increase in yards per pass attempt on defense, from 5.91
in 1990, to 7.11 last season to 7.81 this season.

And yet, this season might not look so glum if the offense were in a rhythmic
attack. The Giants' Super Bowls seasons were defined by the defense making big
plays, handing the ball over to an offense to churn out yardage: a younger and
healthier Taylor and Marshall sacking people, the running game being stuffed.

"To expect us to achieve what we did in the past is unrealistic," Handley said.

But, he added, something can be done: increased offensive power.

"Maybe a bigger burden has to fall on the offense," he said. "The offense around
here rode the coattails of the defense. The defense is not so dominant."

'A Bad Situation'

The Giants' yards per pass attempt on offense has also fallen, from 7.28 in 1990
to 6.54 so far this season.

Quarterback Jeff Hostetler, who may or may not have had a concussion and yet
played late in the game, today described what has been happening as "a bad
situation. I don't like it."

Hostetler conceded that there is a new burden on the offense:

"It's different now. I think we've felt that. We need to just take advantage of
opportunities. We're not going to get any help."

And did he have a concussion?

"I've had concussions before," he said. "There are some concussions you can play
with and some you can't."

Trailing, the Giants had to pass the ball time after time in the final quarter
-- on 19 of 24 plays. Finally, after leading the Giants to a touchdown,
Hostetler sat down for the rookie Kent Graham.

Now a four-game stretch that had seemed so juicy coming into the month -- the
October opponents were the Raiders, the Cardinals, the Rams and the Seahawks --
so far has produced only a 1-2 record.

Ready to Step In?

"We're capable of being a good team," said Handley, when asked about four games
remaining with the Eagles and Redskins. "But it will take a great effort from us
to beat the best teams."

Handley is not ready to junk the season and use unproven players on defense. He
has inserted Keith Hamilton, a fourth-round rookie from Pitt, on some passing
situations ("But sometimes, these teams don't always cooperate when we put in
our future pass-rusher. They run the ball."). Handley also started a second-year
strong safety, Lamar McGriggs, against the Rams.

But the offense may not be ready yet to take over from the defense, despite the
emphasis placed there in recent drafts. Two years ago, the top pick was running
back Rodney Hampton. Last season it was fullback Jarrod Bunch. This season it
was tight end Derek Brown. Brown has had four passes thrown to him and has
dropped three.

"Offensively, we're starting to mature," said Ottis Anderson, whose presence now
is largely ceremonial. "On defense they're trying to mix in young players. When
you get that, it's not an assurance you'll do well."

EXTRA POINTS

Although Coach RAY HANDLEY was criticized by the television announcers for
sending in JEFF HOSTETLER after he suffered a concussion, Handley said no one
told him that the quarterback did in fact, have one. . . . After having the
biggest game of his career (167 yards against the Cardinals), RODNEY HAMPTON was
held to 38 yards on 11 carries. . . . Handley said everyone should be able to
practice Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Coach Ray Handley says the Giants lack a coordinated defensie
effort and need more power on offense. In Sunday's loss to the Rams, Jeff
Hostetler scrambled after his own fumble, above, and Rams' Cleveland Gary
dragged Mark Collins for yardage. (Photographs by Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 3, 1993, Thursday

REGION IN BRIEF 'Dixie Stampede' rethinking new site

BYLINE: Compiled by Mike Smith

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 737 words


Singer Dolly Parton's entertainment company is shying away from its promise to
locate a third "Dixie Stampede" in Virginia Beach, Va., because of complaints
from some residents that the musical show uses Confederate flags and emblems.

The $ 10 million dinner theater was announced with fanfare last week, with
spokesmen for Miss Parton citing the city's willingness to provide some
financial help as the reason it was chosen from about 10 resort sites. The Dixie
Stampedes in Pigeon Forge, Tenn., and Myrtle Beach, S.C., are popular with
tourists.

Fred Hardwick, chairman of Dixie Stampede, says the show "starts out" with
Confederate and Union uniforms and flags "but ends up all red, white and blue."
He said a decision on pulling out of Virginia Beach would be made at a June 23
meeting.

-INDICTMENT IN SLAYINGS: A suspect in multiple rapes and robberies in Knox
County, Tenn., was indicted Wednesday in four slayings that police had
attributed to a serial killer. Thomas Dee Huskey, 32, of Pigeon Forge was
charged with four counts of first-degree murder in the killings of four women,
three of them prostitutes. Sheriff Tim Hutchison said Mr. Huskey is a former
elephant trainer at the Knoxville Zoo who was fired in 1990 for animal abuse and
who gave the appearance of being "fairly passive." Rape victims have told police
that their assailant abandoned them at a cattle barn near the zoo, leading to
his being dubbed the "Zoo Man."

-NEW ON THE MAP: Alabama has a new town: Spanish Fort was formed by voters
Tuesday. A suburb of Mobile, it is east of Mobile Bay. A census count is the
next move, and a mayor and City Council members will be chosen this summer.

ENVIRONMENT

- FARMWORKERS SEEK DAMAGES: Twenty cauliflower pickers who claim long-term
health problems from an application of a pesticide in 1989 are suing the Tampa,
Fla., farm where they worked and its owner, saying he willfully exposed them to
a toxic substance. The workers claim they worked the fields at Goodson Farms
nine hours after an application of Phosdrin. The U.S. government recommends no
exposure to the pesticide for 48 hours after it is applied. . . . The U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency has agreed to cut in half a $ 30,000 fine
assessed against Bayou Caddy Casino Inc. for filling wetlands without a permit.
In return, the company, which plans a casino in Bay St. Louis, Miss., agreed to
conduct a one-day seminar for developers and contractors "on how not to get
screwed up with the EPA," company President George Baxter said.

RELIGION

- ST. RUSH? Hoping to pack in members for Wednesday night Bible classes, a First
Assembly of God church in Charlotte, N.C., zeroed in on one of the burning
questions of the day at its kickoff session: Are the views expressed by
conservative TV commentator Rush Limbaugh compatible with the Bible? . . .
Southern Baptists are asking the University of South Carolina to cancel a summer
course on the impact of evangelicals on public information. The course was
initially advertised as a seminar on ways to combat the challenge by religious
conservatives to public education, but the university watered down that
description. Among the Baptists' complaints: The professor, James Sears, is gay.
. . . The ACLU filed suit to stop a Jacksonville, Fla., high school from
allowing "student-initiated" prayer at graduation next week.

SOUTHERN VOICE

"I feel very strongly that my son should not be penalized simply because I got
elected to the office of mayor." - New Orleans Mayor Sidney Barthelemy,
defending his decision to waive tuition for his son, Sidney Jr., at Tulane
University. The mayor is allowed to waive the $ 16,000 annual tuition for five
students each year. A son of U.S. Sen. John Breaux also received a waiver.

ELSEWHERE

New Orleans authorities say they will appeal a judge's ruling that Louisiana's
ban on oral sex violates the state's constitution. . . . A North Carolina Senate
panel approved a measure calling for a statewide lottery referendum. . . . The
new $ 71 million Bayside Bridge over a portion of Tampa Bay opened. It'll ease
traffic on busy U.S. 19 north of St. Petersburg, Fla. . . . Chattanooga, Tenn.,
was sued over its refusal to grant a parade permit for a homosexual group that
wants to march in a city park June 13. . . . Repairs to a bridge that collapsed
last week in New Orleans will take three months and cost $ 2 million, officials
say.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931670634

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug of Thomas Dee Huskey Photo: A mother's grief Pam Hobbs,
mother of 8-year-old slaying victim Steve Branch, weeps at his empty desk when
she went to his school in West Memphis, Ark., to clean it out Wednesday, the
last day of classes. Steve was among three boys found dead in a ditch near their
home May 6. /Associated Press

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           January 23, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

When offence meets defence; A look at the top title games that pitted run and
gun against grind and stop

BYLINE: Ian Mendes, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Ian Mendes; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 728 words


The Denver Broncos and Seattle Seahawks will provide the perfect contrast in
styles when they meet in the Super Bowl at MetLife Stadium in less than two
weeks.

Led by Peyton Manning, the Broncos shattered several offensive records during
the regular season and became the first team to eclipse 600 points scored.
Conversely, the Seahawks boasted the NFL's best defence, allowing only 231
points against during the regular season.

Both teams will likely stick to the game plans that brought them success, so
this should be a memorable battle between an offensive juggernaut and a
punishing defence. An old sports adage suggests that defence wins championships
- especially when a great offensive team meets a stingy opponent with a title on
the line.

Here's a look at some of the most memorable championships in sports history that
pitted two teams with contrasting styles against each other.

Based on these examples, it appears the defence-first teams do have an edge.

1. 1989 NBA Finals - Detroit vs. Los Angeles

The Los Angeles Lakers featured the Showtime offence that reflected the glitz
and glamour of the West Coast. Meanwhile, the Pistons were nicknamed "The Bad
Boys" for a physical and sometimes nasty approach that was better suited to the
blue-collar city of Detroit. The Pistons ended the Lakers' dream of a three-peat
by sweeping them in four consecutive games.

2. 1991 Super Bowl - NY Giants vs. Buffalo

The Bills had the NFL's No. 1 offence during the regular season, racking up 428
points under the guidance of Jim Kelly and Thurman Thomas. The Giants had the
NFL's No. 1 defence, allowing only 211 points under head coach Bill Parcells and
his defensive co-ordinator Bill Belichick. In the Super Bowl, the Bills offence
managed to score only 19 points and missed a gamewinning field goal as time
expired, giving the Giants the championship.

3. 1976 Stanley Cup Final - Montreal vs. Philadelphia

The Flyers were known as the Broad Street Bullies and used a tough, physical
style to win the two previous Stanley Cups. The Canadiens were a team that
utilized skill and creativity for their success and many were interested to see
which contrasting style would emerge victorious. In the end, the Canadiens
skated circles around the Flyers, sweeping them in four straight games.

4. 1995 Stanley Cup Final - Detroit vs. New Jersey

In the lockout-shortened 1994-95 campaign, the Red Wings led the Western
Conference with 180 goals scored and boasted a lineup that featured the likes of
Yzerman, Fedorov and Coffey. The stingy Devils, on the other hand, had one of
the best defensive teams in the league and helped usher in the trap era by
sweeping the Red Wings in four.

5. 1995 World Series - Atlanta vs. Cleveland

The Indians reached the World Series with the No. 1 offence in the majors that
season, scoring almost six runs per game. The Braves countered that with the
best staff ERA in either league and a trio of legendary starters in Maddux,
Glavine and Smoltz. Atlanta won the series in six games, including a 1-0 shutout
victory in the clincher.

6. 1988 World Series - Los Angeles vs. Oakland

The A's reached their first World Series under Tony La-Russa, thanks in large
part to the offensive production of Jose Canseco and Mark McGwire, who combined
to hit 75 home runs. The entire Dodgers team hit only 99 home runs that season,
although they did have the second-best team ERA in the majors at 2.96. Many were
shocked when the A's bats were silenced in the World Series and were held to
just 11 runs in a five-game series loss.

7. 2003 Super Bowl - Oakland vs. Tampa Bay

The Raiders executed the West Coast Offence to perfection under veteran QB Rich
Gannon during the regular season, finishing second in the NFL with 450 points.
But the Buccaneers' vaunted Tampa 2 defence surrendered just 196 points,
becoming one of the few defences to allow fewer than 200 points in a season. In
the Super Bowl, Tampa's defence returned three interceptions for touchdowns en
route to a 48-21 drubbing of the Raiders.

8. 2007 Super Bowl - Indianapolis vs. Chicago

Peyton Manning's first trip to the Super Bowl pitted his high-octane Colts
offence against a Chicago Bears defence that allowed an NFCbest 255 points
during the regular season. Manning won the MVP honours, tossing a touchdown and
guiding the Colts to a 29-17 win for their first Super Bowl title.

Twitter.com/ian_mendes

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: George Rose, Getty Images; Buffalo Bills wide receiver Andre Reed tries
to break away from New York Giants cornerback Everson Walls during Super Bowl
XXV on Jan. 27, 1991, in Tampa, Fla. The Bills had the NFL's No. 1 offence that
season, but were held to just 19 points by the Giants, the league's top
defence.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

DEFENSE OF THE DAY - TEXAS TECH

BYLINE: AARON GREENFIELD, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: COLLEGE EXTRA; TWO-MINUTE DRILL; Pg. 2X

LENGTH: 619 words


"Second half, the offense slumped but the defense picked up our slack. Thank God
for the defense." Believe it or not, that's Texas Tech quarterback Steven
Sheffield talking about the Texas Tech defense after Saturday's 31-10 win at No.
15 Nebraska. Texas Tech ... the school known for putting up huge offensive
numbers. Against the Cornhuskers, the defense allowed only 285 yards of offense
and scored on Daniel Howard's 82-yard fumble return. Oh, the offense did put up
numbers. Sheffield, in his second start for the injured Taylor Potts, completed
14 of his first 16 passes and finished with 234 passing yards. Still, it was the
defense that carried the day. Here's coach Mike Leach: "We tested them in about
every way that we could. Bad field position. The offense goes three-and-out and
then three-and-out. It was like, 'What are you going to do about this, defense?'
They just kept stepping up."

* * *

Players of the day

Montel Harris, RB Boston College

The sophomore ran for 264 yards and five TDs in a 52-20 win over N.C. State.

Dwayne Harris, WR East Carolina

The junior returned a kickoff 92 yards for a TD and caught nine passes for 128
yards and two TDs in a 49-13 win over Rice. Harris has seven touchdowns in his
past four games.

Brian Hendricks, LB Wyoming

The sophomore made 23 tackles in a 10-0 loss to Air Force.

C.J. Spiller, RB Clemson

In a 38-3 win over Wake Forest, the senior scored on runs of 66 and 14 yards and
became the first ACC player to surpass 6,000 all-purpose yards.

Blair White, WR Michigan State

The senior caught 12 passes for 186 yards and two TDs in a 24-14 win over
Northwestern. Both touchdowns came in the third quarter, which the Spartans
entered trailing 7-0.

* * *

The Unbeatens

Alabama*

Florida

Texas

Boise State

Iowa

TCU

Cincinnati

Kansas*

*Played late Saturday

* * *

Conference of the day

MAC

Six I-A teams remain winless, and half come from one conference. The winless
with their record and scoring margin (MAC teams in bold):

Ball State................0-7........213-139

Eastern Michigan......0-6........207-81

Miami (Ohio)............0-7.......248-71

New Mexico.............0-6........227-87

Rice........................0-7........315-112

Western Kentucky....0-6........231-91

* * *

Injury of the day

Donsay Hardeman, S Illinois

The senior was placed on a backboard, carted off the field and taken to a
hospital after being hurt while trying to make a tackle at Indiana. The school
said Hardeman was moving his arms and legs but was hospitalized as a
precautionary measure because he had surgery to repair cracked vertebrae last
year.

* * *

Obscure game of the day

Sioux Falls 28, North Dakota 13

Lorenzo Brown threw for three touchdowns and ran for one as the visiting
Cougars, an NAIA team, beat the I-AA Sioux. However, Sioux Falls is no ordinary
NAIA team. The defending NAIA champs have won 21 in a row and now have outscored
this season's seven opponents 375-46. Good news for their opponents, though: The
Baptist-affiliated 1,600-student school in South Dakota moves up to Division II
in 2011.

* * *

Winner of the day

Idaho

By beating Hawaii 35-23 at home, the Vandals are 6-1. It's their most wins since
going 7-4 in 1999. That also was their last winning season. Idaho has gone to
only one bowl game, beating Southern Miss 42-35 in the 1998 Humanitarian Bowl in
Boise. Speaking of Boise, the Vandals go there on Nov. 14 to take on the No. 5
Broncos.

* * *

Number of the day

4 Consecutive wins for Temple after beating Army 27-13, its most since 1985.
"There's a confidence right now even as there's ebb and flow in the game," coach
Al Golden said. "There's a confidence on the sideline that we hadn't had before.
To not lose in a month is a big deal."

Information from Times wires contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: Brandon Sharpe, who had four sacks, bats down
Zac Lee's pass during the first half of a 31-10 win at Nebraska. PHOTO -
Associated Press: Steve Maneri catches a touchdown despite Army's Donnie Dixon
to put Temple up 20-13 with 7:25 left.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 21, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

OLYMPIC WEEKLY;
28 DAYS;
OLYMPIC SPORTS IN BRIEF;
Two boxers with legal problems may still be eligible to compete

BYLINE: Contributing: Olympic writers David Pendered, Jeff Schultz, Charles;
Walston, Celeste E. Whittaker and news services.

SECTION: SPORTS OLYMPICS; Pg. 16E

LENGTH: 1402 words


Two U.S. Olympic boxers may be able to compete in the Games despite legal
problems that have come to light in the past two days.

David Reid, a 22-year-old from Philadelphia, was arraigned Thursday on battery
and domestic violence charges stemming from a dispute with his companion at an
Orlando hotel. Reid was given a July 24 court date, five days into Olympic
competition, but girlfriend Shalonda Ellis has indicated to law enforcement
officials she is not going to press charges. Reid, who declined comment Thursday
night, will have a grievance hearing today with Olympic coaches, at which time
his future will be discussed.

Reid's release from an Orlando jail after a day and a half was followed by the
revelation that superheavyweight Lawrence Clay-Bey, 30, of Hartford, Conn. , was
arrested 16 months ago for sexual assault. The original charge was sexual
assault with a weapon but was later reduced to third-degree sexual assault, and
Clay-Bey was enrolled in a rehabilitation program.

The charge is a felony, and a May 1997 court date is pending. It will be erased
from Clay-Bey's record if he has no further criminal involvement. A judge
ordered the case sealed, but court workers failed to do so and the case was
discovered by the Hartford Courant.

Clay-Bey's arrest predates the USOC's Code of Conduct oath, violations of which
could jeopardize an Olympic athlete's eligibility. But the same is not true for
Reid.

Olympic coach Al Mitchell did not believe Clay-Bey's status was affected but
otherwise declined comment on the boxer. Mitchell helped post bond for Reid,
who, according to a police report, threw a lamp at Ellis during an argument at 2
a.m. Wednesday. Reid and Ellis are married under Muslim law but their marriage
is not recognized in Pennsylvania.

"I think it will get resolved," Mitchell said. "They're in love and something
just got out of hand. David's sorry it happened."

BASKETBALL Survivor bears torch

U.S. Olympian Carla McGhee, a graduate of Tennessee, will take a handoff from
President Bill Clinton and carry the Olympic torch off the White House lawn this
morning. A White House official contacted USA Basketball and specifically
requested the Stone Mountain resident, who was involved in a near-fatal car
accident in 1987 while still in college. She broke all but two bones in her
face, fractured her hip, broke her jaw and was in a coma. The accident forced
her to spend a year away from basketball, and doctors said she'd never play
again. Boy, were they wrong.

YACHTING Russian upsets Greek

In a stunning upset, Greek skipper Andreas Kosmatopoulous, who has led the men's
470 division for the past year, was trounced at the 470 European Championships
by a Russian sailor who has trailed the fleet for at least a year. Dmitry
Berezkin's recent victory is sure to be felt this summer in Savannah, for it
proves that the Greek is not as indomitable as he has appeared. There was slight
turnover in the women's division in the regatta held in 15-mph winds off
England's southern coast, off Hayling Island east of the Isle of Wight.

DIVING Freshman makes grade

Before Angie Trostel started the 3-meter competition Wednesday at the U.S.
Olympic Trials, she got her final report card for her freshman year in college.
The tally: three As and one B. "But I didn't exactly take the hardest stuff,"
she said.

The demands of motherhood took their toll on Vanessa Thelin, who has a son
almost 2 years old. Thelin, the only female diver competing at the trials who
has a child, was last in a field of 14 and was eliminated before the final round
of the women's 3-meter contest.

BEACH VOLLEYBALL A line in the sand

Some of the Olympic field will compete at the FIVB's $ 290,000 Bud Light World
Beach Invitational this weekend in Hermosa Beach, Calif. Noticeably absent will
be the two Atlanta-bound U.S. men's teams from the Association of Volleyball
Professionals Tour. The teams of Karch Kiraly/Kent Steffes and Mike Dodd/Mike
Whitmarsh will compete in the Miller Lite Open at Cleveland. Kiraly and Steffes
wanted nothing to do with the FIVB event, while Whitmarsh and Dodd had expressed
a desire to test out the competition they'll have in Atlanta. Dodd and Whitmarsh
were offered a wild-card spot, but Jerry Solomon, the AVP's CEO, said they
couldn't play based on contractual agreements. That turned out to be fine with
the two players. "We talked about it, but we just thought it would be better
overall if we played in Cleveland," Whitmarsh said. "We just didn't want to give
their tournament any credibility. It would weaken ours and strengthen theirs."
The AVP is still bitter about the FIVB requiring its players to compete in a
certain number of international tour events to qualify for the recent U.S. beach
trials.

SOFTBALL Baseball squeezed out?

Charlie Morrow's move from Chicago to Columbus hasn't turned out the way he
thought it would. He expected Southern hospitality. He says he didn't get it -
and he blames the Olympics. The owner of the Columbus RedStixx charges that the
folks running the softball portion of the Summer Games "evicted" his
minor-league baseball team from their home field for all of 1996 after he was
led to believe the interruption would be much briefer. Morrow said he has spent
$ 500,000 and expects to lose $ 250,000 more because his team is playing this
year at Columbus College rather than Golden Park, which will host Olympic
softball. "It's almost like, 'Step aside and let the big boys come to town for a
few weeks and put on a show,' " he said. "I'm going to be here for years to
come. I'm not sure Billy Payne plans to visit Columbus after the Olympics."
Morrow plans to skip the softball competition. "I can't be here for it,
emotionally." he said. "We won't be enjoying the Olympics. We're going to
Florida."

China has refused to permit former Chinese national softball team member Reika
Utsugi, who was naturalized as a Japanese citizen last year, to play for the
Japanese team in Atlanta. Utsugi, formerly known as Ren Yanli, was captain of
the team that won the world softball championship title for China in 1986. Under
the Olympic Charter, any competitor in an international competition for one
country who changes nationality is not allowed to take part in the Olympic Games
for three years after the change. This three-year period, however, can be
reduced or canceled with the agreement of the concerned national Olympic
committees and the relevant international sports federation, as well as the
approval of the IOC's Executive Board. Muneyoshi Ueda, head of the Japanese
Olympic Committee's general affairs committee, said the JOC intends to continue
negotiations with the softball association in an effort to secure Utsugi's
eligibility for the Olympics.

CALENDAR

Track and field, U.S. Olympic Trials, Olympic stadium, through Sunday. Tickets:
$ 10, $ 20 and $ 30 through Ticketmaster (404-249-6400).

-Diving, U.S. Olympic diving trials, through Sunday, Indianapolis.

-Equestrian, U.S. Olympic equestrian dressage trials, through Sunday, Gladstone,
N.J.

-Baseball, U.S. vs. Japan All-Stars, today and Saturday, Richmond.
- Soccer, U.S. men vs. South Africa, Saturday and Monday, Richmond.
ON TV

Today: Track and field, U.S. Olympic Trials, 3-6:30 p.m., ESPN2 (live),
7:30-10:30 p.m., ESPN (live), midnight-3 a.m., ESPN2 (taped).

-Saturday: Miscellaneous, "Greatest Moments of Olympiad," 1 p.m., Channel 11
(taped); track and field, U.S. Olympic Trials, 2 p.m., Channel 11 (live);
diving, U.S. Olympic Trials, 2 p.m., Channel 11 (taped); Boxing, U.S. vs.
Germany, 2 p.m., SportSouth (taped); diving, Alamo International, 2 p.m.,
SportSouth (taped); beach volleyball, Bud Light Women's Pro Beach, 4 p.m., ESPN
(taped); equestrian, Budweiser Upperville Classic, 5 p.m., ESPN (taped); soccer,
U.S. men's, 8 p.m., ESPN2 (taped); Greco-Roman and freestyle wrestling, 10 p.m.,
ESPN2 (taped).

-Sunday: Miscellaneous, Olympics News Team '96, 10 a.m., Channel 11 (taped);
beach volleyball, San Diego Pro Beach, 12:30 p.m., Channel 11 (taped); track and
field, U.S. Olympic Trials, 2 p.m., Channel 11 (live); diving, U.S. Olympic
Trials, 2 p.m., Channel 11 (live); beach volleyball, Evian U.S. Open (women), 3
p.m., Channel 2 (taped), AVP Pro Beach, 8 p.m., SportSouth (taped); soccer, U.S.
vs. Ireland, men, 11 p.m., SportSouth (taped).

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            August 29, 2014, Friday

WVU FOOTBALL;
Tempo could help against Alabama

BYLINE: MIKE CASAZZA, DAILY MAIL SPORTSWRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 896 words


MORGANTOWN - There is folly involved with suggesting Alabama's defense has a
weakness. This, after all, is the same football program that led the nation in
scoring defense and total defense in 2011 and 2012 before slipping all the way
down to Nos. 4 and 5 last season.

Still, there is this notion offenses can play fast and beat Alabama - never mind
no one has seen fewer snaps per game the past three seasons. Yet the few teams
that have had different degrees of success against the Crimson Tide defense
tried to expedite their attack, and that's something the once-rapid West
Virginia offense will consider in Saturday's Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game at the
Georgia Dome against No. 2 Alabama.

"You've got to be calculated with the way you take chances, but you've got to
take chances, no doubt, WVU offensive coordinator Shannon Dawson said. "You've
got to threaten their defense, but you can't be dumb about it.

That, specifically, is something WVU will mull over before the 3:30 p.m. kickoff
on ABC. Can the offense do it? Is it smart to try it?

"They take away a lot of things people try to do just to create momentum, the 4-
and 5-yard gains to get you going, Dawson said. "You've got to figure out some
ways to get the leverage back in your favor.

In that past, WVU coach Dana Holgorsen's offenses here and at Houston and
Oklahoma State have done that by playing quickly and stringing together positive
plays against a reeling defense. His counterpart, Nick Saban, has been one of
the advocates for rules that would slow down offenses, and that's fed into the
theory his defenses can't handle pace.

In reality, Alabama's defense allowed the fewest snaps per game in 2011 (59.4,
the last time a team averaged less than 60) and was No. 2 in 2012 and No. 3 in
2013.

But Texas A&M had 628 yards and scored 42 points on 71 plays against Alabama
last season. Saban has never allowed as many yards. None of his Alabama teams
had allowed as many points, but that only lasted until Oklahoma rang up 48
points on 74 snaps in a Sugar Bowl win clinched by a defensive touchdown.

"People are making it a big deal about it against Alabama, but nobody is making
a big deal about Ole Miss going fast against Alabama where they shut them out
(26-0) or some of the other games that they played - Kentucky played fast
against them and Alabama shut them (down, 48-7), Holgorsen said.

"They have played teams that have played up tempo, and nobody ever talks about
it because they shut them out.

Ole Miss was No. 21 in snaps per game last season (79.8), but managed just 57
and 205 yards against the Crimson Tide. Kentucky intended to play fast last
season, but finished No. 113 (66.8). The Wildcats had 52 snaps for 170 yards
against Alabama, though they averaged 69 snaps per game after that loss.
Colorado State was No. 37 (76.7), but had 64 for 279 yards in a 31-6 loss.

The Mountaineers aren't trying to mimic how teams lose, though. Generally, their
offense has been the most effective when it hurries between the whistles that
end one play and start the next to stack plays and gains atop a defense. The
same is mostly true of offenses that have beaten Alabama.

In Saban's nine losses since the start of the 2008 season, the winning team had
65.4 snaps on offense. Five of the nine were over 65 and one had 64.

"Obviously, there are outliers on both sides - some are probably high and some
are low - but somewhere in the middle, maybe 65 or 70, is good, which is a
tribute to them and their offense and defense, because that all plays a part in
how many snaps you get, Dawson said. "We want to get as many snaps as we
possibly can, but if we get 80 snaps, I think that would probably be beneficial
for us.

It's ambitious, but this isn't a matter of whether the Mountaineers should play
fast against Alabama. They will. It's not even a matter of if they can play
fast. They believe they're better at it now than they were last year.

WVU averaged 76.9 snaps per game last season, which was one snap better than the
average from 2011, when Geno Smith was in his first season as quarterback and
the offense had problems similar to what Clint Trickett and his offense had last
season. In Smith's second season, with a number of offensive linemen and skill
players back with him, the offense averaged 79.2 snaps.

"It's something that is in our plan, Holgorsen said. "I don't care about who our
opponent is. It's going to be in our plan to be able to do that, and hopefully
within the last year we found a way to do that better than we did last year.

What WVU has to determine is when it will play fast, what it will do and how
long it lasts. Will the offense line up quickly and promptly snap the ball? Will
it line up and then step back to survey the defense and look for an idea? Will
it vary tempos and tactics? What's the smartest way to mount the attack?

"The only thing worse than punting is punting quickly, Holgorsen said. "If we're
not good at it, we probably shouldn't do it. Last year, there were a lot of
games we went into when I had reservations about how fast I wanted to punt. I
think we're in a better place at this point.

West Virginia quarterback Clint Trickett passes last season against Iowa State
in Morgantown.

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

Contact sportswriter Mike Casazza at mikec@dailymailwv.com or 304-319-1142. His
blog is at blogs.charlestondailymail.com/wvu. Follow him on Twitter at
@mikecasazza.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 16, 2000, Monday, Late Edition - Final

ON PRO FOOTBALL;
Offensive Puzzle Frustrates Giants

BYLINE: By Mike Freeman

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 726 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.


Giants Coach Jim Fassel approached his offensive coordinator, Sean Payton, who
was on the sideline in the second half holding the industrial-sized cue sheet of
offensive plays that resembled a Christmas card with all the colors on it.
Fassel wasn't angry, but was animated, communicating with Payton, his hands
moving excitedly in a blur.

Something about the previous series, in which the offense was quickly on and off
the field, a common occurrence in recent weeks, irritated Fassel. He should have
been annoyed, because this was not one of the Giants' better offensive
performances. Those neat little plays on Payton's cue card might as well have
been in pig Latin because few were working.

That the offense was struggling against Dallas was puzzling, because last week
the coaching staff and the players worked overtime to fix the problems.

The hard look actually began last week after the Atlanta game, another offensive
debacle, when offensive lineman Glenn Parker spoke to the team, saying the
offense, from that moment on, was going to pull its share of the load. The
self-analysis continued in this game when Fassel benched Amani Toomer for
running errant pass routes.

The Giants are a strange mix, a blend of great athletes and smart coaches, but
on offense especially they are at times muddled, confused and inept. The team
wins games, as it did yesterday against Dallas, 19-14, but there is always a
feeling that the floor will drop out from under the offense. That a team, any
team, can rip off the mask and expose the 5-2 Giants for what they are: a
playoff team with bundles of pride, but possessing an offense that can be shut
down with little effort.

Don't blame the ugliness of this victory on the defense. The defense won the
game by sacking Troy Aikman in the final seconds and then knocking down his last
pass in the end zone with no time on the clock. Defensive end Michael Strahan
was the best player on the field. The Giants lost Jason Sehorn, their top cover
corner, on the first play when he broke a rib, and yet they still shut down the
Cowboys' passing game.

No question the offense is the problem. It needs emergency surgery because the
Giants should have beaten Dallas by three touchdowns.

Players and coaches say this sort of talk is another example of the news media
playing the negative card. We won, the players and coaches say. We're at the top
of the division. Why dwell on the bad things? On the surface that is all true.
The Giants, with games next against Philadelphia and Cleveland, will probably be
7-2 when they play St. Louis on Nov. 12. That's pretty good. The Bengals would
give up their stock options to win a game.

"We won," Strahan said, "that's all that matters. Don't make an issue out of
something that's not."

But there is no question that in their hearts, when the coaches break down the
game film and the players are eating their morning cereal and watching cable,
many of them will be thinking the same thing, because coaches and players do not
lie to themselves. They will be thinking: our offense stinks.

We are winning. We're on top.

But our offense stinks.

Running back Tiki Barber put it this way: "We have a bye week, so we can rest up
and think about how to get better on offense. Think of it this way. As bad as
we've played on offense, we're still on top of the division."

Maybe everyone should get used to the way the Giants are winning. They will get
10 or even 11 victories. Many will be close games, ugly games, low-wattage
games, where the score is 3-0 at the half and Ron Dayne has five carries for 7
yards. Games where Fassel will yank out half of his hair in frustration.

The Giants have a bye next weekend, and Fassel, a realist, will again spend most
of his nights staring at game film in search of ways to improve the team's
offense.

This is not a situation where talent is absent. Quarterback Kerry Collins is
solid, Barber is one of the best offensive players in the league, and the team
has talent and speed at wide receiver, not to mention a veteran offensive line
that is playing well. So it is up to the coaching staff to decipher this riddle.
This has fallen in Fassel's lap with a loud thud.

How Fassel and his staff handle this will be the difference between the Giants
simply making the playoffs and doing something special once they get there.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 4, 2016 Sunday

Chiefs' opportunistic defense to test high-scoring Falcons;
GAME OF THE WEEKKansas City vs. Atlanta

SECTION: ; Pg. NFLP10

LENGTH: 694 words


Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan throws against the Arizona Cardinals.

Kansas City Chiefs outside linebacker Justin Houston (50) sacks Denver Broncos
quarterback Trevor Siemian (13) in the end zone for a safety.

ATLANTA - The Kansas City Chiefs and Atlanta Falcons have found different ways
to win despite ranking near the bottom of the league in yards allowed.

Those winning formulas will be tested when the two teams currently on pace for
the playoffs meet Sunday.

The Chiefs (8-3) rank 28th in total defense but lead the NFL with 24 takeaways
and a plus-14 turnover differential. The Falcons (7-4) rank 27th in total
defense but lead the NFL with 32.5 points per game - a franchise-record pace.

"You could argue that they're the best in the league right now," said Chiefs
coach Andy Reid of the Atlanta offense.

Bolstered by the return of running back Tevin Coleman from a hamstring injury
and the continued emergence of speedy receiver Taylor Gabriel, the Falcons'
offense looked deep and explosive in last week's 38-19 win over Arizona. It was
the most points allowed this season by the Cardinals, who entered the game
ranked first in fewest yards and passing yards allowed.

Matt Ryan completed passes to eight players and Gabriel scored on screen plays
of 25 and 35 yards. Gabriel has scored in four straight games.

"They just go and run their offense with a purpose," said Kansas City strong
safety Eric Berry. "They're not just out there just running plays. They have a
specific plan and they know they're a good offense. They run their plays like
they know they're a good offense. They're very confident in what they do. ... We
know we have a challenge."

The Chiefs are 7-0 when winning the turnover battle this season. The 24
takeaways have led to 72 points.

Falcons coach Dan Quinn, who frequently emphasizes takeaways with his mantra of
"It's about the ball," appreciates the Chiefs' success.

"Plus-14 on the year, that's a hell of a year," Quinn said Thursday, adding the
turnover battle "is going to be a real factor in the game."

It's an important game to the teams' playoff hopes. The Falcons lead the NFC
South, only one game ahead of Tampa Bay. The Chiefs are one game behind AFC West
leader Oakland.

Here are some more things to watch Sunday:

What a rush

Justin Houston's second game back from offseason knee surgery resulted in three
sacks last Sunday night in Denver. Houston looked every bit the four-time Pro
Bowl pass rusher he was before requiring surgery to his left ACL in February. It
came at a good time, too, because Dee Ford - who has 10 sacks this season - has
been dealing with a hamstring injury. Ford returned to practice this week but
it's unclear whether he will play Sunday.

Decimated defense

Atlanta has lost defensive end Adrian Clayborn for at least a few weeks to a
left knee injury. He had surgery Tuesday. Clayborn is second on the team with 4
1/2 sacks.

It will be the team's third game without top cornerback Desmond Trufant, placed
on injured reserve this week with a torn pectoral muscle. The defense already
has lost linebacker Sean Weatherspoon and defensive end Derrick Shelby to
season-ending injuries, and has had linebackers De'Vondre Campbell and Deion
Jones and safety Keanu Neal miss time.

Tyreek the freak

Chiefs wide receiver Tyreek Hill scored touchdowns through the air, on the
ground and on a free kick return against the Broncos, earning him offensive
player of the week honors. The speedy rookie has been a breakout star for the
Chiefs, and his importance has only increased with Jeremy Maclin dealing with a
groin injury. Maclin also returned to practice this week, but his availability
against Atlanta remains in question - and even if he does play, will he be close
to 100 percent?

Take it away

The Chiefs' big-play defense is led by cornerback Marcus Peters, who ranks
second in the NFL with five interceptions and three fumble recoveries.

Good news, bad news

The Falcons are on pace to easily surpass their record 442 points scored in
their 1998 Super Bowl season. The defense is on pace to allow 439 points. The
only three teams in Atlanta history to allow more than 439 points finished with
fewer than five wins.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Chiefs' opportunistic defense to test high-scoring Falcons;
GAME OF THE WEEKKansas City vs. Atlanta

SECTION: ; Pg. NFLP10

LENGTH: 694 words


Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan throws against the Arizona Cardinals.

Kansas City Chiefs outside linebacker Justin Houston (50) sacks Denver Broncos
quarterback Trevor Siemian (13) in the end zone for a safety.

ATLANTA - The Kansas City Chiefs and Atlanta Falcons have found different ways
to win despite ranking near the bottom of the league in yards allowed.

Those winning formulas will be tested when the two teams currently on pace for
the playoffs meet Sunday.

The Chiefs (8-3) rank 28th in total defense but lead the NFL with 24 takeaways
and a plus-14 turnover differential. The Falcons (7-4) rank 27th in total
defense but lead the NFL with 32.5 points per game - a franchise-record pace.

"You could argue that they're the best in the league right now," said Chiefs
coach Andy Reid of the Atlanta offense.

Bolstered by the return of running back Tevin Coleman from a hamstring injury
and the continued emergence of speedy receiver Taylor Gabriel, the Falcons'
offense looked deep and explosive in last week's 38-19 win over Arizona. It was
the most points allowed this season by the Cardinals, who entered the game
ranked first in fewest yards and passing yards allowed.

Matt Ryan completed passes to eight players and Gabriel scored on screen plays
of 25 and 35 yards. Gabriel has scored in four straight games.

"They just go and run their offense with a purpose," said Kansas City strong
safety Eric Berry. "They're not just out there just running plays. They have a
specific plan and they know they're a good offense. They run their plays like
they know they're a good offense. They're very confident in what they do. ... We
know we have a challenge."

The Chiefs are 7-0 when winning the turnover battle this season. The 24
takeaways have led to 72 points.

Falcons coach Dan Quinn, who frequently emphasizes takeaways with his mantra of
"It's about the ball," appreciates the Chiefs' success.

"Plus-14 on the year, that's a hell of a year," Quinn said Thursday, adding the
turnover battle "is going to be a real factor in the game."

It's an important game to the teams' playoff hopes. The Falcons lead the NFC
South, only one game ahead of Tampa Bay. The Chiefs are one game behind AFC West
leader Oakland.

Here are some more things to watch Sunday:

What a rush

Justin Houston's second game back from offseason knee surgery resulted in three
sacks last Sunday night in Denver. Houston looked every bit the four-time Pro
Bowl pass rusher he was before requiring surgery to his left ACL in February. It
came at a good time, too, because Dee Ford - who has 10 sacks this season - has
been dealing with a hamstring injury. Ford returned to practice this week but
it's unclear whether he will play Sunday.

Decimated defense

Atlanta has lost defensive end Adrian Clayborn for at least a few weeks to a
left knee injury. He had surgery Tuesday. Clayborn is second on the team with 4
1/2 sacks.

It will be the team's third game without top cornerback Desmond Trufant, placed
on injured reserve this week with a torn pectoral muscle. The defense already
has lost linebacker Sean Weatherspoon and defensive end Derrick Shelby to
season-ending injuries, and has had linebackers De'Vondre Campbell and Deion
Jones and safety Keanu Neal miss time.

Tyreek the freak

Chiefs wide receiver Tyreek Hill scored touchdowns through the air, on the
ground and on a free kick return against the Broncos, earning him offensive
player of the week honors. The speedy rookie has been a breakout star for the
Chiefs, and his importance has only increased with Jeremy Maclin dealing with a
groin injury. Maclin also returned to practice this week, but his availability
against Atlanta remains in question - and even if he does play, will he be close
to 100 percent?

Take it away

The Chiefs' big-play defense is led by cornerback Marcus Peters, who ranks
second in the NFL with five interceptions and three fumble recoveries.

Good news, bad news

The Falcons are on pace to easily surpass their record 442 points scored in
their 1998 Super Bowl season. The defense is on pace to allow 439 points. The
only three teams in Atlanta history to allow more than 439 points finished with
fewer than five wins.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

NFL Week 4: Seahawks, Broncos, and Patriots look to stay perfect;
After this weekend, one-quarter of the 2013 NFL season will be complete. There
are several games Sunday that should get your attention.

BYLINE: Julia Gofman Contributor

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 710 words


Following a slew of upsets and wild finishes in Week 3, the NFL's first quarter
comes to a close with a handful of can't-miss matchups.

For preseason playoff hopefuls like the New York Giants (0-3), Washington
Redskins (0-3) and Pittsburgh Steelers (0-3), Week 4 plays out as a must-win to
right the ship and turn the team in the right direction. The surprising upstart
Kansas City Chiefs (3-0) and Miami Dolphins (3-0) look to ride their momentum
and remain undefeated but face tough tests. All this action and still none of
these story lines feature in Week 4's most enthralling games.

One of the games at 1 p.m. Eastern time pits the NFL's two best statistical
defenses against one another when the Seattle Seahawks (3-0) travel to Reliant
Stadium to face the Houston Texans (2-1).

Coming off a sluggish performance in Week 3 against the Baltimore Ravens,
Houston's defense, led by NFL Defensive Player of the Year J.J. Watt, will look
to hunker down against the Russell Wilson-led Seahawk offense that runs heavily
to open up the pass. Houston will have to establish a running game early against
the NFL's best secondary, led by cornerbacks Richard Sherman and Brandon
Browner. Both teams will look to dominate possession, which figures to be
essential to winning in this defensive struggle, a fact Pete Carroll
understands.

Carroll reflected on his game strategy telling The News Tribune of Tacoma,
"Taking care of the football and getting after it. To us, it's the biggest
factor that determines winning and losing." While Carroll hopes his team will
see more of the ball, you can bet Houston running back Arian Foster will do all
he can to keep it in the Texans' hands.

From defense to offense, the marquee matchup of the 4 p.m. Eastern games
features two of the most explosive offenses in the league as the Denver Broncos
(3-0) host the Philadelphia Eagles (1-2) at Mile High Stadium.

Three weeks removed from their spectacular unveiling under new head coach Chip
Kelly, the Eagles find themselves on the wrong side of .500, facing a Broncos
offense that is hotter than any team in recent history. Peyton Manning comes
into the game at the top of just about every passing category, leading many to
compare Manning's output this season to that of Tom Brady's in his
record-setting 50 touchdown season of 2007.

After another spectacular performance Monday night against the Oakland Raiders,
the Associated Press asked Manning about whether the offense was running at
maximum capacity, to which he responded, "You see flashes of good things. When
we're executing and not making mistakes, we can go the distance."

Manning suggesting that the offense can get better could put fear in the hearts
of the Eagles coaching staff and defenders, who have already struggled mightily
to stop the likes of Kansas City and San Diego. The Eagles will hope to score
virtually every time they touch the ball and outscore the potent Denver offense.
Fantasy football owners of Peyton Manning and Michael Vick rejoice.

Sunday's games are closed out in grand fashion as the undefeated Patriots (3-0)
travel to the Georgia Dome in Atlanta to face the Falcons (1-2) at 8:30 p.m.
Eastern on NBC's 'Sunday Night Football.'

The Falcons were surprisingly beaten by the Dolphins in Week 3 and will look to
rebound in prime time against the Patriots, who were not tested in their first
three games against bottom-of-the-league teams.

Tom Brady has seen his offensive output decline this season as the team has
moved on without Wes Welker and Aaron Hernandez and continues to await the
return of key player Rob Gronkowski and Danny Amendola. So far so good for
Brady, but Atlanta's high-scoring offense will challenge Brady and his makeshift
cast to put more points on the board. Meanwhile, the playoff hopeful Falcons
won't be happy sitting below .500 and can blame their lack of consistency on
both sides of the ball.

The Falcons' record will not fool Belichick who, when asked by the Providence
Journal about the matchup, had high praise for the Falcons. "They have a good
football team, they're well-coached, they have good talent. We know it will be a
big challenge down there, no question about that."

This should be a good battle between two perennial playoff and Super
Bowl-hopeful teams.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            October 16, 2009 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BILLS STAY SILENT ON OFFENSIVE OVERHAUL;
NO-HUDDLE ATTACK MIGHT BE SCRAPPED

BYLINE: From wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; NFL NOTEBOOK; Pg. D-3

LENGTH: 544 words


The Buffalo Bills' no-huddle offense has suddenly become the no-comment attack.

If the Bills intend to scuttle running the offense they have used since May, no
one was saying after practice yesterday as Buffalo prepares to play at the Jets
this weekend.

A Bills media relations official told reporters to ask only injury-related
questions to Dick Jauron, though the coach has often discussed other topics on
previous Thursdays. When Jauron was asked about the no-huddle attack, the coach
walked away without a word.

Questions about the Bills' offense came up after ProFootballTalk.com cited an
unnamed league source in reporting Wednesday that the Bills are overhauling
their offense and getting rid of the no-huddle.

b> TITANS

/b>

The NFL has fined Tennessee defensive end Kyle Vanden Bosch $5,000 for his hit
on Indianapolis quarterback Peyton Manning. Vanden Bosch said he knows what the
rule is on not hitting quarterbacks around the knees. But Vanden Bosch had been
blocked and was going down as he grabbed Manning's legs in the Titans' 31-9 loss
Sunday night against the Colts. Tennessee coach Jeff Fisher, co-chairman of the
competition committee, said earlier this week that the rule states roughing the
passer should not be called if a player is blocked into a quarterback.

b> SEAHAWKS

/b>

Working as a scout team player on Seattle's practice squad just a week ago, Kyle
Williams is now likely to get the start at offensive left tackle Sunday when the
Seahawks play host to Arizona in a key NFC West matchup. With Walter Jones, Sean
Locklear and Brandon Frye out with injuries, Seattle is down to its "plan D" at
the most important position on the offensive line -- protecting the backside of
quarterback Matt Hasselbeck. Williams didn't get any playing time last year
until Seattle's season was already in the tank and would be making only his
third career start this weekend against the defending NFC champs.

b> RAIDERS

/b>

Oakland wide receiver Chaz Schilens practiced without pain for a second
consecutive day but likely is at least a week away from returning to the
Raiders' lineup. Schilens sustained a broken ankle during a training camp
scrimmage against San Francisco.

b> JETS

/b>

New York wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery missed a second consecutive practice
yesterday because of a hamstring injury and was uncertain whether he will play
Sunday against Buffalo. Wide receiver Brad Smith (quadriceps), right tackle
Damien Woody (right foot) and defensive end Shaun Ellis (bruised knee) also did
not practice for the second consecutive day. Coach Rex Ryan said he felt
confident Ellis and Woody would play against Buffalo.

b> ELSEWHERE

/b>

Jacksonville failed to sell out a home game for the third time this season. As a
result, the Jaguars' game Sunday against winless St. Louis will not be televised
in Jacksonville or in secondary markets that include Gainesville, Daytona Beach,
and Orlando in Florida as well as Savannah, Ga. Jacksonville has had three
blackouts in as many home games this season. Meanwhile Oakland's home game
Sunday against Philadelphia also will be blacked out, but the league granted
Cincinnati an extra 24 hours to see if the Bengals could sell the remaining
3,000 or so tickets to avoid a blackout for their home game Sunday against
Houston.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     July 22, 2001 Sunday Michigan Edition

Teams trying balance

BYLINE: By DAVE GOLDBERG; Associated Press Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1; NFL Camps

LENGTH: 817 words


When the Indianapolis Colts open training camp Thursday, they will be
desperately trying to upgrade a defense that could allow Peyton Manning,
Edgerrin James, Marvin Harrison and their high-powered offense to carry them
past the first round of the playoffs.

In Tampa, new quarterback Brad Johnson will try to energize a dreary offense
that's hamstrung one of the NFL's best defenses for the past three seasons.

This is NFL 2001, where the salary cap doesn't allow teams to excel on both
offense and defense, but excellence on one side wins Super Bowls. Balance seems
bad: Teams that spend for both offense and defense tend to be mediocre on both.

"If you have a good offense, you tend to want to enhance it, and the same goes
if you have a good defense," said Bill Polian, the Colts' president. "We're
spending a lot on our offense, including re-signing our offensive linemen to
protect Peyton. That gives us very little to spend on defense."

It's a theory proven by the past two NFL champions.

The Baltimore Ravens won last season with a defense that allowed the fewest
points in modern NFL history and beat the New York Giants 34-7 in the Super
Bowl. In 1999, the champions were the St. Louis Rams, with one of the top
offenses the NFL has seen.

But the Rams were only 10-6 last season and lost their first playoff game
because the defense allowed a league-high 471 points, almost double the previous
season. So when they open camp Wednesday, they'll have a new defensive
coordinator in Lovie Smith and as many as seven new starters, led by six-time
Pro Bowl cornerback Aeneas Williams, obtained in a trade with Arizona.

"I've never seen an offense move this fast, and if we can get the defense up to
par, there's no telling where we can go," said another newcomer, linebacker Mark
Fields, signed as a free agent from New Orleans.

Optimism, of course, is rampant at the start of camp.

But such faith also is realistic in a league where more than half of the 31
teams can go to camp believing if they stay healthy and things break right, they
have a shot.

Here's why:

In the past three seasons, there have been six different teams in the Super
Bowl. In the past two, none of the four participants were better than .500 the
previous season.

The Rams were 4-12 in 1998, then won it all in 1999, beating Tennessee, which
was 8-8 the previous season; the Ravens went from 8-8 to champions, and the
Giants, 7-9 in 1999, improved to 12-4 and beat Minnesota 41-0 in the NFC title
game.

Non-Super Bowl teams have made major turnarounds, too. The Colts went from 3-13
in '98 to 13-3 in '99, and New Orleans from 3-13 to 10-6 and its first playoff
win last season.

But what goes up often goes back down, like Jacksonville, a power from its
second NFL season in 1996 until last year, when injuries were a major reason for
a fall to 7-9. Now, cap problems mean that as many as 18 rookies could make the
team, and the Jaguars will have to depend on players such as oft-injured running
back Fred Taylor to remain in perfect health.

The Vikings are another team that could fall. They've made the playoffs in eight
of Dennis Green's nine seasons as coach, although they've never reached the
Super Bowl. Now, Green, whose defense was exposed in that NFC title loss to New
York, must find a way to win after losing running back Robert Smith and
defensive tackle John Randle, among others.

In the AFC, Baltimore and Oakland are the favorites, with Denver, Indianapolis
and Tennessee as potential contenders. In the NFC, the Rams and Bucs are on top
in the early line -- St. Louis because it upgraded its defense and Tampa Bay
because it upgraded its offense.

The Giants are relegated to the NFC's second tier, in part because they got
through 2000 without major injuries and with a relatively soft schedule. This
year, they've already lost wide receiver Ike Hilliard to foot surgery for at
least the preseason, and the schedule is harder. New York is favored to do no
more than win the NFC East where Philadelphia looks like the only competition.

Currently, one of the operative words in the NFL is "window." As in the window
of opportunity to go all the way before the salary cap forces a team to shed
solid veterans it can no longer afford. That means depth comes from rookies, and
second- and third-year players, making injuries to starters more damaging.

San Francisco and Dallas, which won eight of the 20 titles from 1981-2000, are
good examples.

The 49ers are slowly rebuilding -- five rookies started on defense last season
-- after crashing two years ago under the weight of the cap.

Despite owner-general manager Jerry Jones' rather preposterous prediction his
team will finish 10-6, Dallas (5-11 in '00) seems like one of a few teams
entering camp without realistic playoff hopes. Tony Banks, a failure in St.
Louis and Baltimore, replaces the retired Troy Aikman at quarterback.


LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Raiders wide receiver Jerry Rice hauls in a pass during his
first day of training camp in Napa, Calif., Saturday.   AP Photo/ERIC RISBERG

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             September 3, 1997, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

NCAA rejects appeal to reinstate German

BYLINE: MARK LONG; SHARON GINN; OMAR KELLY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1031 words

DATELINE: CORAL GABLES; GAINESVILLE; TAMPA; TALLAHASSEE; ORLANDO



Hurricanes WR Jammi German, declared ineligible last month by the school for
ethical conduct violations, will not rejoin his teammates - for now.

Miami petitioned the NCAA for German's reinstatement, but the NCAA rejected
that bid Tuesday. Miami said it would appeal, but unless the NCAA reverses its
ruling, German's career is over because he's a senior.

"We are extraordinarily disappointed. I believe there is error in their
decision," Miami athletic director Paul Dee said.

German has been under scrutiny for a limousine ride he took with two  teammates
on Nov. 30, 1995, that allegedly was paid for by an agent. His  misconduct was
lying during last year's investigation of the ride.

German was suspended twice last season. He sat out two games because of the
limo incident and was suspended for nine games because of a fight with a  former
member of the Hurricanes track team.

He also missed the Hurricanes' season-opening victory Saturday at Baylor.
Miami's next game is Sept. 13 against Arizona State.  - ASSOCIATED PRESS

Spurrier takes offense to task

   GAINESVILLE - For the first time in the Steve Spurrier era, the Gators'
glorified offense is last in the Southeastern Conference. That's right, the  Fun
'n' Gun is ranked below Vanderbilt. And Spurrier is not happy about it.

"In 11 years of coaching now, the mighty Gator offense is dead last in the
SEC," Spurrier said. "That's where we are. That's where we deserve to be.

"We have no excuses for the way we played last week. The offense was bad  in
just about every area. Hopefully we can coach better and play better on  offense
this week."

 Spurrier's headache began Saturday in the season opener against Southern
Mississippi when the third pass of QB Doug Johnson was intercepted. The coach
grew more miserable as his offense struggled. He watched as Florida was
penalized 12 times for 74 yards.

Now, three days after the 21-6 win, Spurrier's headache may have become a
migraine as the team prepares for Central Michigan.

"We've been bragging all summer about what good players there are around  Doug
Johnson, and he'll have plenty of time to hit all those wide-open  receivers and
all them running backs. It didn't happen the other night,"  Spurrier said.
"Hopefully, the offensive players realize we're just a common,  average,
bottom-of-the-league bunch of guys right now. Hhopefully, we can get  out of the
cellar offensively after this one."

ROSS MAKES THE GRADE: TE Taras Ross has been cleared to play. The senior  was
academically ineligible for the opener because of his grades in the  spring. But
he made up the work, and a university petition committee granted  his
eligibility. Backup LB Kavin Walton's academic eligibility remains in  question.
"I'm waiting to hear the word," he said.

HELP ON THE WAY: Senior Mike Moten, returning from a one-game suspension,  will
start for DT Reggie McGrew, who is out 4-6 weeks with a torn medial  collateral
ligament.

CENTRAL MICHIGAN REPORT: TB Silas Massey, who rushed for 1,544 yards and 17
touchdowns last year, is out after injuring his left knee in practice last
week. Massey, a first-team All-Mid-American Conference selection last year,
tore the anterior cruciate ligament and will have reconstructive surgery.  -
MARK LONG

USF reveals remaining starters

   TAMPA - Days before the opener against Kentucky Wesleyan, South Florida
solidified its first starting lineup. In addition to the quarterback job,  which
Chad Barnhardt won over Lance Hoeltke, several spots were up in the air  until
this week.

Among the previously unannounced starters are freshman OT Isaac Bristol, a
Hillsborough High graduate who will take over for injured Brent Whitfield.
Whitfield, recovering from strained elbow ligaments, may miss Saturday's
inaugural game.

The other offensive change was at tight end, where junior Trevor Hypolite  of
Rockledge has performed well the past week and will start instead of  Tavares
Bryant.

The defensive line saw some of the fiercest battles for starting nods.  Redshirt
freshman Steve Hatley of Northeast High is the No. 1 left end, and  freshman
Shawn Hay of Jupiter has moved from end to tackle.

Freshman NT Terrance Smiley of Lake Wales and junior right E Brett Avery of
Tampa Catholic also will start. True freshman Tchecoy Blount of Dixie Hollins
is listed behind Avery but still has not been cleared to play by the NCAA
Clearinghouse.

At middle linebacker, sophomore Brian Wilson of Tarpon Springs High has  moved
to No. 1 ahead of freshman Vassay Marc.  - SHARON GINN

Florida State gets its kicks

   TALLAHASSEE - Bobby Bowden has seen what his two freshmen kickers, Bill
Gramatica and Sabastian Janikowski, can do during practice. The question is:
How will they do in a game?

"I'm waiting to see it for myself," the coach said. "We've got two shots  at
getting it right. One of them is going to get it done."

Gramatica will get the majority of work Saturday against USC - extra  points,
short-range field-goal attempts and punts - because he is more  consistent.
Bowden plans to use Janikowski on all kickoffs and field-goal  attempts longer
than 45 yards.

Bowden said it's always exciting when FSU gets a new kicker.

"But it's never fun when they play like they have no experience," he  said.
"Hopefully, that won't be the case."

USC REPORT: Freshman WR Rod Perry will miss the season after suffering
cartilage damage in his right knee. Perry injured the knee at the start of
training camp. It never improved and he will have surgery.  - OMAR KELLY

Tampa's Benoit named UCF captain

   ORLANDO - Coach Gene McDowell named senior DE Jermaine Benoit of Tampa as
captain, bringing the number to seven. Because of ties in team voting, six
players, instead of four, were named captains.

McDowell added Benoit, who was close in the balloting, because of the
leadership he gives on the field. Benoit had 17 tackles Saturday and pressured
the quarterback eight times in UCF's 24-23 overtime loss at Mississippi.

- SPECIAL REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Jammi German

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 29, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Keeping Ball on the Ground, Auburn's Offense Still Soars

BYLINE: By RAY GLIER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 978 words


AUBURN, Ala. -- Auburn Coach Gus Malzahn squinted through his glasses to see the
spot of the ball, studied plays on a clipboard and gave commands through his
headset to his staff. The play was then signaled to the players on the field. It
all appeared to be the normal functioning of a no-huddle offense.

But when the Tigers ran the play, the offense, in this day and age of Division I
college football, did not look normal.

The unit behaved as if Malzahn had yanked down the arm of a slot machine, with
his players sent into spinning motion with the snap, a blur that makes the
defense dizzy.

It was as if Malzahn had put a pea under one of three cups, slid them around
quickly and asked the defense, ''O.K., where is it?''

''Sometimes, really, you don't know who has the ball,'' said defensive end
Garrison Smith of Georgia, which lost to Auburn on Nov. 16. ''You better do your
job because you don't know what's coming.''

No. 1 Alabama (11-0, 7-0 Southeastern Conference) will have to contend with the
Tigers' offensive high jinks here Saturday in the Iron Bowl rivalry game. No. 4
Auburn (10-1, 6-1) is averaging 320.3 rushing yards a game even though its
opponents know a running play is coming: The Tigers have run on 70 percent of
their snaps.

The matchup between the in-state rivals is their first since 1971 in which each
team is ranked in the top 5. The winner will advance to the SEC championship
game Dec. 7 in Atlanta and play for an opportunity to give the state of Alabama
a Bowl Championship Series title for a fifth straight season. The Crimson Tide
won the championship in the 2009, 2011 and 2012 seasons, and Auburn claimed the
crown for 2010, when Malzahn, now 48, was Auburn's offensive coordinator and
quarterback Cam Newton, now with the Carolina Panthers, ran his offense.

The season after they won the title, the Tigers lost to the Crimson Tide, 42-14,
and finished 8-5. In 2012, Auburn was pummeled by Alabama, 49-0, and finished
3-9. Coach Gene Chizik was fired, and Malzahn was hired back from Arkansas
State, where he had gone 10-3 as coach and won the Sun Belt Conference
championship.

Malzahn's players say they admire his consistent personality and positive spirit
as much as his creative offense. Although he inherited a team that was 0-8 in
the SEC in 2012, his Tigers have lost only to then-No. 6 Louisiana State, a
35-21 defeat on Sept. 21.

''The most important thing was the mind-set,'' Malzahn said when asked to
explain the turnaround. ''We felt like we needed to get our edge back.''

Auburn's edge stems from its offense, which one N.F.L. scout likened to the
single wing of the 1950s. While other programs use three or four wide receivers
in what are considered spread offenses, Malzahn's techniques to open seams in
the defense are more intricate. He uses pulling guards, motion, double-team
blocks and counter plays to create space for his best runners, quarterback Nick
Marshall and running back Tre Mason.

Facing formations that appear created to produce simple off-tackle plays,
defenders suddenly find themselves one-on-one with Auburn's slick runners in the
open field because of the gadgetry of Malzahn's offense. Without warning, Auburn
will pop out a reverse with the speedy running back Corey Grant, who is
averaging 9.9 yards per carry. What are considered trick plays for some teams
are standard plays for the Tigers.

''They do a great job of being in the bunch sets and tight formations,''
Tennessee Coach Butch Jones said. ''Everything in offensive football today is
about creating space and one-on-one matchups. They create those matchups a
little different than quote-unquote your four- and five-wide spread offenses.
They create hesitancy at times.''

No player has benefited more from the offense than Marshall, the quarterback,
who has taken a path similar to Newton's. Marshall started his college career as
a defensive back at Georgia, but after he was dismissed from the program, he
enrolled at a junior college for a season and then transferred to Auburn.
Newton, who began his career at Florida, also enrolled at a junior college and
transferred to Auburn.

Marshall, a 6-foot-1 junior, ran for 214 yards in a 55-23 victory at Tennessee
on Nov. 9 and has 823 rushing yards this season, second most on the team behind
Mason's 1,153.

The Crimson Tide allow only 91.3 rushing yards per game, a mark that leads the
SEC and is fourth in the Football Bowl Subdivision, so their game against the
Tigers looks like a matchup of strength versus strength. Some N.F.L. scouts,
though, say that while Auburn is an accomplished running team, it does not have
physical run blockers, relying instead on chemistry, zone-blocking techniques
and double teams at the point of attack that create angles for ball carriers.

Still, Auburn averages 6.4 yards per running play, which means it is blocking
effectively against most teams, regardless of the method.

Mississippi State, with a defensive front seven that closely resembles Alabama's
in size and strength, shut down Auburn's inside running game, allowing 120 total
rushing yards, on Sept. 14. Still, the Tigers squeaked out a 24-20 win. Malzahn
said his team's ability to make plays late in close games -- with five wins by 8
points or fewer -- reminded him of the 2010 title team.

Auburn is a 10.5-point underdog at home to Alabama, but that did not stop the
Tigers from exhibiting some brashness in a news conference Tuesday. Defensive
end Dee Ford said Alabama would not play a more athletic team than Auburn and
wondered aloud how Tide quarterback A J McCarron might react to being hit a few
times. Mason said he wanted to put on a show for his father, who will be
attending his first game this season.

''My brother played for Alabama,'' Tigers center Reese Dismukes said. ''I'd like
to call him up and laugh in his face. It's the Iron Bowl. It's the biggest game
you play at Auburn.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/29/sports/ncaafootball/keeping-ball-on-the-ground
-auburns-offense-still-soars.html

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Running the offense of Coach Gus Malzahn, above, Tre Mason and
his Auburn teammates are averaging 320.3 rushing yards a game. Nick Marshall,
left, has 823 rushing yards this season. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY WESLEY HITT/GETTY
IMAGES
 DAVE MARTIN/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           November 10, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

SHOCKLEY CAN IGNITE OFFENSE IN RETURN

BYLINE: By Marc Weiszer Morris News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 611 words


ATHENS, Ga. - Georgia is 22nd among public universities in total research
expenditures, but no grant money or a Ph.D., for that matter, is needed to
determine quarterback D.J. Shockley's value to the ninth-ranked Bulldogs, who
eagerly await his return to the starting lineup Saturday against No. 15 Auburn.

The empirical evidence was clear as the Bulldogs' offense limped along with
Shockley sidelined for the past six quarters.

The senior quarterback missed the second half of a 23-20 win over Arkansas on
Oct. 22 and all of a 14-10 loss to Florida on Oct. 29.

With Shockley out with a sprained left knee, Georgia mustered a mere 40 yards in
the second half against the Razorbacks and amassed just 286 against Florida.

"If Shockley would've played against Florida, I don't know if that game ever
would've been in question," Auburn defensive coordinator David Gibbs said.

Georgia's offense was humming heading into the Arkansas game. The Bulldogs led
the Southeastern Conference and were 18th nationally in total offense (454 yards
per game) and were 29th in the nation in scoring offense (32.2).

Georgia has slipped to 40th in total offense (403.4) and 52nd in scoring (28.3).

"Our offense, going into the Arkansas game, we were pretty much probably No. 1
or 2 in most every offensive category in our league and nationally very
respectable," coach Mark Richt said.

"We definitely appreciate the job that he's done to this point, and hopefully
he'll get right back in the groove.

"I really did feel like he was about as comfortable as I've seen in the first
quarter of the Arkansas game, and hopefully he'll feel that way coming into this
game."

Shockley will wear a brace on his knee Saturday, but he doesn't expect it to
keep him from being the old Shockley.

"It felt like I was almost 100 percent running around and doing a little
cutting," Shockley said after practice Wednesday. "Each day, it's getting better
and better, and today felt the best out of all the days."

Shockley, one of 12 semifinalists for the Maxwell Award for the nation's top
player, has 12 touchdown passes and four interceptions. He still leads the SEC
and is 11th nationally in passing efficiency and paces all SEC quarterbacks with
215 rushing yards.

"I have no doubt that when Saturday comes I'll be completely ready to go,"
Shockley said. "There's no doubt in my mind about what I can do when I get on
the field. I have no doubt in my mind that I can continue what we did before I
got hurt."

Quarterbacks coach Mike Bobo said Shockley needs to play with the same mind-set
he did before the injury.

"He's got to go out and play 100 percent and he's got to play like D.J.," Bobo
said. "He can't come out and play like somebody else. I think he's going to be
100 percent or real close to it. He can't play cautious. He's got to play his
style of game."

That means using his mobility to scramble to make big plays when others might
not.

"He brings another aspect to the game," Georgia offensive guard Max Jean-Gilles
said. "Defenses respect him because they know he's a threat to them."

Said Bobo: "What he brings is his ability to give you a chance on every play. If
something bad happens or if something breaks down, he can make a play. We missed
that but we missed his leadership.The guys have responded to him and played well
around him. He's done a great job of leading more than anything. Hopefully, his
coming back Saturday will be the big boost."

What the numbers don't tell you about Shockley his teammates will.

"On the field, he's unbelievable," center Russ Tanner said.

"Just the leadership he has and the confidence he instills on everybody around
him is probably the biggest factor he's bringing back."

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLLEGE FOOTBALL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 15, 2003, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Defense wins championships

BYLINE: Larry Weisman

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 386 words

All offense, all the time. That's the NFL today.

Or is it?

Despite a season in which numerous offensive records fell, including total
points scored and total touchdowns, it is the strong defensive teams that made
the playoffs and will continue playing this weekend.


Tampa Bay and Philadelphia were first and second in points allowed; they meet
Sunday for the NFC's Super Bowl berth. Overall, measured by yards allowed, the
Bucs ranked first and the Eagles fourth.

"I think it's fitting in a year when the offensive explosion has reached new
heights that the grudge match will come down to the No. 1 and No. 2 (scoring)
defenses," Buccaneers safety John Lynch says.

In the AFC matchup, Tennessee's No. 10 defense faces Oakland's No. 1 offense.
"Their defense is very stout," Raiders coach Bill Callahan says. "They've done a
very good job of stopping the run."

Of the four remaining teams, only Philadelphia finished in the top 10 in offense
(10th) and defense (fourth). But all of the finalists ranked in the top 11
defensively, and two (the Titans and Bucs) finished in the lower half of the NFL
on offense. Consider:

 * Of the top five passing teams (Oakland, St. Louis, Seattle, Indianapolis and
Buffalo), only two (Raiders, Colts) made the playoffs.

 * Of the top five rushing defenses (Pittsburgh, Tennessee, Oakland, Denver and
Tampa Bay and Miami tying for fifth), four made the playoffs. The Broncos and
Dolphins didn't qualify, but both won nine games.

 * Though a few playoff shootouts grabbed headlines, defenses also rose up. The
New York Jets shut out Indianapolis, Atlanta held Green Bay to one touchdown,
Oakland limited the Jets to 10 points and Tampa Bay and Philadelphia each held
their opponents without a TD.



Final four

Here's how the AFC and NFC finalists for the Super Bowl berths ranked on offense
and defense during the 2002 season:

Offense

Oakland . . . . . . . . First

Philadelphia . . . . . . . . 10th

Tennessee . . . . . . . . 17th

Tampa Bay . . . . . . . . 24th

Average . . . . . . . . 13th

Defense

Tampa Bay . . . . . . . . First

Philadelphia . . . . . . . . Fourth

Tennessee . . . . . . . . 10th

Oakland . . . . . . . . 11th

Average . . . . . . . . Sixth

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Justin Sullivan, Reuters; PHOTO, Color, Elaine Thompson,
AP

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

In October surprise, offense bests pitching

BYLINE: Bob Nightengale, USA TODAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 285 words


They're spitting in the face of tradition, mocking an old-time baseball adage
and showing that maybe offense hasn't gone the way of Y2K fears.

The Texas Rangers and St. Louis Cardinals will meet in Game 1 of the World
Series tonight and are largely here because of their offenses, not their
pitching.

"It's kind of crazy, isn't it?" Rangers catcher Yorvit  Torrealba said. "Usually
in the postseason, everyone talks about pitching and how the best starting
pitching will win. Not this year. Now, everyone's talking about whoever has the
best offense will win."

Teams are combining to score an average of 9.8 runs a game this postseason, the
highest rate since 2004, when widespread steroid testing was implemented at
midseason. Offense is up 1.2runs a game from the regular season, when teams
averaged 8.6 a game, marking the largest increase since 1989, according to Elias
Sports Bureau.

"I don't know the exact reason," said Mark McGwire, a member of the 1989 World
Series champion Oakland Athletics and now the Cardinals hitting coach. "But I do
know the innings are tallying up for pitchers. Maybe their arms are getting
tired."

The Cardinals rotation is yielding a 5.43 ERA this postseason, including a 7.03
ERA in the National League Championship Series. The Rangers rotation hasn't done
any better, with a 5.62 ERA this postseason.

Maybe this explains why the top five scoring teams this season earned playoff
berths, while the Philadelphia Phillies were the only team among the top seven
in ERA to qualify.

"I wouldn't say 'worry' is a good word," said Rangers Game 1 starter C.J.
Wilson, 0-2 with an 8.04 ERA this postseason. "The other team you're facing now
is so good, there's not much margin for error."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 10, 2010 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BUCS WORK TOWARD PRESEASON OPENER

BYLINE: RICK STROUD, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; NOTEBOOK; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 495 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


QB Josh Freemanloves the two-minute offense because it gives him a chance to get
into a passing rhythm.

Three times in his first four starts as a pro last season, Freeman used a
hurry-up offense to give the Bucs a lead in the fourth quarter, winning one of
them.

Another element that helps Freeman in the hurry-up offense is that he used the
shotgun formation at Kansas State.

On Monday, the Bucs began preparing for Saturday's preseason opener at Miami.

Coach Raheem Morris said he hopes the starters on offense and defense can each
play one series.

The Bucs practiced situational periods, such as the two-minute offense and being
backed up near thegoal line trying to protect a lead.

"I feel great in the two-minute because you're just out there and you know what
you're going to see defensively," Freeman said. "As an offense, you're just
attacking and keeping the defense off-balance. So going into the two-minute, my
mind-set is to keep rattling off plays and just keep hitting them. You know
they're playing Cover 2 trying not to give up anything deep. So, all right,
let's hit them underneath. Just keep hitting them quick, quick. ...

"Then we get them out of the Cover 2, get them more into something where they're
trying to blitz, slow us down a little bit, then we pop one up over their
heads."

WHY SO GRIMM?: It was a pretty good week for Cody Grimm.

The seventh-round pick from Virginia Tech moved up the depth chart to
second-team defense after a week that culminated with his father, former
Redskins OL Russ Grimm, being enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame on
Saturday.

Grimm was excused from practice Saturday to attend the ceremony in Canton, Ohio.

"It was awesome," Grimm said. "You can't really get ready for an event like
that. You think you understand what it's going to be like, but it was really
incredible.

"He's gotten all sorts of accolades over the years, but this one was
overwhelming for him all week. My dad has never been the type of guy to go out
of his way to get publicity. But this weekend, anything they asked him to do, he
was loving it. He was really trying to soak it all in."

Meanwhile, Grimm has been a standout on special teams and steadily improved on
defense.

"He's really shown up a lot out here," GMMark Dominiksaid.

TALIB INJURED: CB Aqib Talib left Monday's morning practice with a slight groin
strain, but Morris downplayed the injury's severity. Talib did not return.

"Nobody cares (about injuries)," Morris said. "Everybody's going to have tweaks
right now. The whole NFL. Everybody going to have something hurting. ... Nobody
cares."

Officially, the team said Talib is day to day.

Elsewhere, DTBrian Price and CBMyron Lewis were out again with hamstring
injuries. Dominik said Price is getting better and has a chance to play at
Miami. Lewis will be worked in slowly in the coming days, Morris said. It's too
early to project his chances of playing against the Dolphins.

Times staff writer Stephen F. Holder contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - SCOTT McINTYRE - Times: MOVING UP DEPTH CHART: Defensive backs
coach Jimmy Lake congratulates safety Cody Grimm, whose stock is rising.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Oklahoma football: TCU offense will give Sooner defense a new challenge

BYLINE: By Ryan Aber

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 572 words


NORMAN - The TCU offense that Oklahoma will see on Saturday in Fort Worth isn't
anything like the offense the Sooners saw the last time the teams met.Two years
after joining the Big 12, the Horned Frogs have an offense that looks at home in
the conference.Gone is the deliberate, run-oriented offense that TCU has been
known for under coach Gary Patterson.It's been replaced by the Air Raid, led by
a couple of coaches who have had success with the wide-open offense in the
league."You see them spread out and they're making you defend the whole field,
which that offense does, and defend the whole field and every player," Sooners
coach Bob Stoops said. "They've done a really good job to this point being
highly productive offensively."After the Horned Frogs hung in plenty of games
the last two years thanks to defense but lost in the end due to an anemic
offense, Patterson overhauled the latter.Co-offensive coordinators Jarrett
Anderson and Rusty Burns were demoted.First, Patterson hired Doug Meacham, the
former Oklahoma State player who served as a Cowboys assistant coach before
moving on to take over the offense at Houston.Then, Patterson raided Texas
Tech's coaching staff, bringing aboard former Red Raiders quarterback Sonny
Cumbie to team with Meacham to take over the coordinator duties.Through three
games, the results have been extremely positive.

The Horned Frogs are averaging nearly 45 points per game.Quarterb ack Trevone
Boykin struggled at times last year to run the offense, and it appeared likely
that Texas A&amp;M transfer Matt Joeckel would be TCU's starter this year. But
Boykin won the job, and he's proven to this point that he deserved it. He's
thrown for 858 yards and eight touchdowns with just one interception and is also
leading the Horned Frogs in rushing."He puts a lot of pressure on us," Sooners
linebacker Dominique Alexander said. "He's a great player, a great athlete. You
always gotta be aware of the draw. He has an arm. He can throw it all the way
down field if you let him. We've got to get to the quarterback so he doesn't
have all day to get it to his receivers."While Boykin gives the Sooners a
challenge like they haven't faced yet this season, Oklahoma's defense is also
much stiffer than what Boykin and TCU has seen so far."The team we're playing
this week is a lot different football team," Patterson said.Even with TCU's
offense struggling in its first two seasons in the league, the Horned Frogs have
given the Sooners fits.Last season, OU hung on for a 20-17 win in Norman. In
2012, the Sooners beat the Horned Frogs by just seven.That was thanks largely to
the defense, though. Oklahoma's defense is expecting things to be even tougher
this time around.The Sooners do have some help in defending Cumbie's and
Meacham's offense, and it comes from the offensive side.Quarterback Baker
Mayfield spent much of last season as Cumbie's quarterback at Texas Tech.Sunday
night, he spent quite a bit of time with Sooners defensive coordinator Mike
Stoops going over the Horned Frogs' offense and talking through with Stoops how
to defend it."We kept watching a couple games - where he's gonna read, why he's
looking here, so it's the same offense we saw a year ago from Texas Tech," Mike
Stoops said. "There's a lot of similarities, and Baker understood it and
explained their game plan to me a year ago, what they were looking at, what gave
them problems. It's definitely helped."

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday

Not all NFL running backs embracing shift from power game

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 516 words


PHILADELPHIA * Adrian Peterson struggled with a new system, so he got what he
wanted. DeMarco Murray had trouble in a different offence, so he was benched.

More NFL teams are running the ball out of shotgun and pistol formations instead
of an I-formation or a split-back set. Power football has become more
old-fashioned than old school.

It's been a tough trend for some of the league's elite running backs.

After missing nearly the entire 2014 season, Peterson returned to the Minnesota
Vikings and found the team operating much of its offence with quarterback Teddy
Bridgewater in the shotgun. Peterson wasn't comfortable getting carries without
a full head of steam. He said he was "hesitant" following a loss to San
Francisco in Week 1.

It quickly became clear to Vikings offensive co-ordinator Norv Turner that
Peterson ran better in a traditional formation. Peterson averaged just 1.7 yards
per carry in the shotgun and 5.3 yards under centre through the first 12 games.

"Our bread and better has been my bread and butter from 8 yards back," Peterson
said last month. "Coach Turner, he's noticed that, and we just kind of put our
team and the offence in position to be more productive."

Catering the offence to Peterson's skills helped the Vikings start 8-2 before
three straight losses, including Thursday night at Arizona. Peterson leads the
league with 1,251 yards rushing, most coming with Bridgewater under centre.

In Philadelphia, coach Chip Kelly takes plenty of heat for not tailoring his
offence to suit Murray. The 2014 NFL rushing champion hasn't lived up to
expectations after leaving Dallas to join the Eagles. He played just 14 snaps in
a win at New England last week.

Some blame Murray's struggles on his inability to adapt to Kelly's up-tempo
offence run mostly out of the shotgun. Murray was a downhill runner playing
behind an excellent offensive line on the Cowboys. He ran straight ahead and
found gaping holes.

Murray isn't hitting the open lanes quickly this season and he seems
uncomfortable on sweeps and zone-read plays.

Asked if the offence would be better if Kelly adapted the plays to his
strengths, Murray said: "I don't call the plays."

His terse response indicates his displeasure with the scheme.

Most running backs prefer lining up deep in the backfield because it allows them
to get a running start and gives them better field vision. The shotgun is more
advantageous for the quarterback in what has become a passing league.

Murray knew Kelly's philosophy, but still signed a $40 million, five-year
contract in March.

"In college, he ran from the (shotgun) every single snap," Kelly said. "He knew
coming in what we were going to do. We never had any discussion that we were
going to change our system."

The numbers don't support the theory that Murray is better running from under
centre.

He's averaging 3.7 yards per carry (518 yards on 139 carries) out of the shotgun
and only 2.1 yards (51 yards on 24 carries) when he's behind the quarterback.

In four seasons with the Cowboys, Murray averaged 5.3 yards in the shotgun.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            February 14, 2014 Friday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

SABAN HAD NO VOTE, BUT HE TOLD NCAA COMMITTEE HE OPPOSES QUICK PACE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 543 words


Colleges

Alabama coach Nick Saban and Arkansas coach Bret Bielema voiced concerns about
the effects of uptempo, no-huddle offenses on football player safety to the NCAA
committee that passed a proposal to slow down those attacks.

Neither Saban nor Bielema were on the committee and they did not vote on the
proposal passed Wednesday to allow defenses time to substitute by prohibiting
offenses from snapping the ball until at least 29 seconds are left on the
40-second play clock.

NCAA coordinator of officials Rogers Redding said that Bielema was at the
meeting in Indianapolis as a representative of the American Football Coaches
Association.

"Coach Saban asked for the opportunity to meet with the committee and talk about
this," Redding said. "It's not routine, but it's not unique, either."

Bielema and Saban run methodical offenses and have publicly questioned if the
quickening pace is good for the game.

Many coaches don't like the proposal, such as Auburn's Gus Malzahn, Texas A&M's
Kevin Sumlin and Arizona's Rich Rodriguez, who run fast-paced offenses.

The proposal must be approved by the playing rules oversight panel.

MORE FOOTBALL: USF defensive ends Tevin Mims and Aaron Lynch were invited to the
NFL scouting combine in Indianapolis this month, the school confirmed. Lynch, a
third-year sophomore last season, is among 85 underclassmen invited. ...
Southern California QB Max Wittek plans to visit Texas this weekend as he
considers where to transfer. He has also heard from Louisville, Virginia Tech,
Hawaii and TCU.

USF Baseball canceled: USF's season-opening three-game series against Maryland
Eastern Shore, slated to start tonight, was canceled due to snowstorms in the
Northeast that have prevented the visiting school from traveling. Instead, the
Bulls will travel to the University of North Florida to play three games as part
of the Best Bet Classic. USF faces Liberty at noon Saturday, then Richmond about
3. The Bulls face North Florida at 3 Sunday.

* * *

ET CETERA

Tennis: Australian Open champion Li Na lost to qualifier Petra
Cetkovska7-6(7-2), 2-6, 6-4 in the third round of the Qatar Open in Doha. It was
her first loss of the year. ... Top seeds Juan Martin del Potro and Andy Murray
overcame bumps to reach the ABN Amro quarterfinals in Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Del Potro beat Paul-Henri Mathieu 6-2, 7-6 (7-2), saving two set-points on serve
at 5-6 in the second. Second-seeded Murray beat qualifier Dominic Thiem 6-4,
3-6, 6-3. Thiem saved three break points in the second set.

NFL: The Lions released two starters, S Louis Delmas and WR Nate Burleson,
likely seeking more financial flexibility.

Horses: Bob Baffert-trained Bayern won the $58,000 feature race at Santa Anita
by 15 lengths, a victory that could have the 3-year-old pointed toward the
Kentucky Derby. Baffert said the performance "gets your hopes up."

Soccer: Former Gator Abby Wambach scored her record 165th international goal and
the U.S. women's team beat Russia 8-0 in an exhibition in Atlanta. ... The
United States hosts Mexico in an exhibition April 2 at Glendale, Ariz. ...
Richard Moller Nielsen, who led Denmark to its greatest soccer triumph at the
1992 European Championship, died Thursday in Copenhagen. He was 76.

Joey Knight, Times staff writer; Times wires

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 30, 2007 Tuesday

Minnesota Vikings's offense starts off well, then stutters after opening drives

BYLINE: BY SEAN JENSEN Pioneer Press

SECTION: VIKINGS; Sports

LENGTH: 781 words


During the Vikings' offensive meeting on Monday, players and coaches pondered a
recurring problem that dates to last season.

Against the Philadelphia Eagles, after the defense forced a punt, the Vikings
drove 59 yards in 11 plays on their opening offensive drive and scored on a
9-yard catch by tight end Visanthe Shiancoe.

They didn't score another touchdown.

"We watched the first drive," Vikings left tackle Bryant McKinnie said, "and we
were like, 'What's the difference? Why can't we keep doing that?' I don't know."

This season, the Vikings' offense has scored three of the unit's 10 touchdowns
on its opening series. In the past two games, after scoring on the first drive,
the offense cracked opponents' red zone only once.

"I think that each play is different," backup quarterback Brooks Bollinger said.
"I don't think it's, 'Well, the first drive we do this, and this is why it
doesn't ...'

"I mean, I hope it's not that simple, because we've got a lot of people putting
a lot of time into it to get it right. Each football play comes down to 11
football players doing it right."

Offensive touchdowns have been scarce during the Brad Childress Era.

In 23 games under Childress, the Vikings have totaled 46 touchdowns - and 10 of
those were scored by the defense and special teams.

The Vikings' offensive players are scratching their collective heads, wondering
why they can score on the opening drive and not later.

After analyzing their 279 drives, the Pioneer Press found these trends:

POORLY TIMED PENALTIES

Last season, the Vikings were the league's most penalized team, and the offense
committed costly infractions, most notably six by offensive linemen in a 23-13
loss to the Bears in Chicago.

In the 23 games with Childress as coach, the Vikings have scored only six
touchdowns on drives that included penalties. On the 135 drives ending with a
Vikings punt, 34 (25.2 percent) featured at least one offensive penalty.

The Vikings have committed 41 penalties, 19th in the NFL, and are on pace to
finish well below the 123 they had last season. But of the team's 42 drives that
have ended in punts this season, 10 include a penalty.

The Green Bay Packers are third in the NFL with 54 penalties, and the Dallas
Cowboys have 53, but both are good enough on offense to overcome mistakes. Their
offensive units rank ninth and second, respectively. The Vikings rank 23rd in
offense but are 30th in passing and third-down conversions.

Early in the fourth quarter Sunday against the Eagles, rookie running back
Adrian Peterson sprinted down the left sideline for a 20-plus-yard gain. But the
play was reduced to a single yard because of a holding penalty on Shiancoe.

Six plays later, the Vikings settled for a 48-yard field goal from Ryan Longwell
that cut the Eagles' lead to 20-16.

FEW SUSTAINED DRIVES

Although the Vikings' defense ranks 27th overall, it has 16 takeaways, one of
three teams tied for fifth in the NFL. The six teams tied or ahead of the
Vikings in takeaways all have winning records.

The Vikings' offense only has 10 turnovers, but an inability to sustain drives -
even with the NFL's No. 2 rushing offense - means the defense spends too much
time on the field. The Vikings rank 26th in time of possession at 28 minutes, 41
seconds a game.

After the touchdown on the opening series against the Cowboys, the Vikings'
offense went three and out twice and had a meaningless play to end the first
half, then started the second half with two more three and outs.

All told, the Vikings' offense was on the field only 23:25. Or, more
importantly, the Vikings' defense was on the field against the explosive Cowboys
offense for 36:35. Dallas won 24-14.

ROUGH SECOND-HALF STARTS

In 23 drives to open the third quarter, the Vikings are terrible. They have
three touchdowns, three field goals, 13 punts (including seven three and outs)
and four interceptions.

In Detroit, Minnesota safety Darren Sharper intercepted Lions backup quarterback
J.T. O'Sullivan, giving the Vikings a chance to seize momentum with their
opening drive of the second half when they trailed 10-7. Instead, Tarvaris
Jackson threw an interception on the offense's first play, and the Lions drove
31 yards to score a touchdown for a 17-7 lead.

In the past three games, on the opening second-half drives, the Vikings have
gained an abysmal 11 yards on nine plays.

Are the players not executing? Are the coaches not making the proper
adjustments?

Publicly, the Vikings aren't offering any concrete answers. Vikings center Matt
Birk tries to take solace in the team's ability to score on the opening drives
of games.

"That just shows you how effective we can be," Birk said.

Sean Jensen can be reached at sjensen@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 JERSEY Edition

N.J. not mincing words on phoning and texting

BYLINE: By Elisa Ung; Inquirer Trenton Bureau

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Inq Home Regional Stories; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 598 words


TRENTON - New Jersey drivers, prepare to drop those cell phones. And those
BlackBerrys.

The state Assembly and Senate are expected today to approve legislation that
would allow police to pull over and ticket drivers for talking on handheld cell
phones or text messaging on the road.

The bill would make New Jersey the first state to make cell phone use and
texting while driving primary offenses, meaning drivers could be pulled over for
doing either. The state would be the second - after Washington - to specifically
target texting behind the wheel.

Though New Jersey banned drivers in 2004 from talking on handheld cell phones,
the violation was a secondary offense, meaning police could not pull over
drivers unless they saw them violating another law.

New York, California, Connecticut and Washington, D.C., have made phoning while
driving a primary offense. Texting in Washington state is a secondary offense,
according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.

The bill "sends a clear message to drivers that we need them to pay more
attention to the road than their cell phones and their BlackBerrys," said a
sponsor, Assemblyman Paul Moriarty (D., Gloucester).

Under the legislation, drivers would be permitted to use a hands-free device to
talk on the phone. Violators would be fined $100, and police would start
enforcement four months after the bill is signed.

Gov. Corzine's office would say only that he was reviewing the bill. But Corzine
has a history of supporting such bans; as a U.S. senator, he pushed for a
federal prohibition on talking on cell phones while driving.

Senate President Richard J. Codey (D., Essex) had long championed the cell-phone
ban but met with resistance until he and Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts agreed
to merge it with Moriarty's proposal to ban driving while texting.

"It was obviously a compromise and a merging of two good ideas," Codey said. "We
have all driven and seen people driving way too slow or erratically and we pass
them, and they're animated and engaged and they have no idea where they are
because they're on a cell phone."

Codey is unfazed by a lack of data linking phone use to accidents, saying
motorists are not likely to volunteer to police that they were on the phone at
the time of a crash.

But there are far more distractions for drivers than just cell phones, said Pam
Fischer, director of the state Division of Highway Traffic Safety. Fischer
worries that phoning and texting have become a cause celebre distraction because
of their visibility, and that others, like eating and reading newspapers, become
more acceptable as a result.

Still, Fischer is happy that police may soon be able to pull over offending
drivers; the current, weaker ban has done nothing to improve driver safety, she
said. According to the results of a poll the traffic-safety division is
preparing to release next week, 26 percent of drivers use a cell phone while
driving, 3 percent more than did before the 2004 ban, Fischer said.

The poll also found that nearly three-quarters of state drivers are in favor of
a primary ban, Fischer said.

Moriarty said it was impractical to target a wide range of distractions: should
lawmakers outlaw billboards, fast-food drive-ins, radio dials, or even
daydreaming behind the wheel?

"How many legislators are going to ban drinking coffee on the way to work?" he
asked. Phoning and texting are "specific, identifiable repetitive tasks that are
extremely dangerous. . . . People instinctively know that this [bill] is the
right thing to do."

Contact staff writer Elisa Ung at 609-989-9016 or eung@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 12, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Crime Hits 33-Year Low, State Leaders Announce

BYLINE: JEROME R. STOCKFISCH, jstockfisch@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 628 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


REPORTED OFFENSES DECLINE IN BAY AREA

By JEROME R. STOCKFISCH

jstockfisch@tampatrib.com

TALLAHASSEE -- Florida's crime rate continues to drop, and a new report released
Tuesday included encouraging news out of the Tampa Bay area.

Gov. Jeb Bush and top state law enforcement officials unveiled the annual
Uniform Crime Report at the state Capitol, boasting that an index of major
offenses hit the lowest level in 2003 since the state began compiling the index
33 years ago.

Incidents of murder, forcible sex offenses, robbery, aggravated assault,
burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft per 100,000 residents declined 4.3
percent to 5,164, the report stated.

"As crime declines, the chance for us to diversify our economy, to strengthen
wholesome family life, to be able to build the kind of state that we all want is
on the uptick," Bush said.

Hillsborough, Pinellas and Pasco counties all reported decreases in their crime
rates, after Hillsborough and Pinellas showed increases last year.

But with 7,020 incidents per 100,000 residents, Hillsborough had the
second-highest rate in the state, behind only Miami-Dade County's 7,205.
Hillsborough's figure was down 2.8 percent from 2002.

The index was 5,300 for Pinellas, down 1.9 percent, and 3,902 for Pasco, down
5.5 percent.

Bush credited a series of tough-on-crime policies rolled out over the past
several years, including the Stop Turning Out Prisoners law, which requires
certain criminals to serve 85 percent of their sentences, and the 10-20-Life
law, which targets repeat gun offenders.

"We've successfully reversed the leniency that was the code word for our
criminal justice system in the early 1990s that allowed crime to skyrocket,"
Bush said.

Floridians are "seeing the results of a very aggressive law enforcement
community and a very attentive citizenry" after the Sept. 11 attacks, said Guy
Tunnell, commissioner of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.

In Hillsborough, sheriff's Lt. Rod Reder said there was no official explanation
for the drop in the crime rate, "other than when you see the numbers go up, you
try to do things better and adjust."

For example, he said, the sheriff's office created a special auto-theft unit
when that crime spiked.

Reder was not troubled by the county's No. 2 ranking, noting that it could
simply reflect higher reporting rates. Some surveys have suggested that as many
as half of all rapes are never reported. Reder said the Hillsborough office
focused on domestic violence several years ago with a huge public-relations push
to get victims to report incidents.

"Our domestics skyrocketed," he said. "People felt safe, and they knew law
enforcement would take action, so they started calling us."

Statewide, crime volume, the actual number of reported crimes, was down 2.1
percent in 2003 despite the state's population increase. There were 974,923
criminal arrests, a 6.8 percent increase.

(CHART) BY THE NUMBERS

Tampa Bay area crime rates:

HILLSBOROUGH: 7,020 major crimes per 100,000 people; down 2.8 percent from last
year

PASCO: 3,902 major crimes per 100,000; down 5.5 percent

PINELLAS: 5,300 major crimes per 100,000; down 1.9 percent

TAMPA: 10,740 major crimes per 100,000; down 5.3 percent

PLANT CITY: 6,960 major crimes per 100,000; down 9.2 percent

TEMPLE TERRACE: 4,103 major crimes per 100,000; up 2 percent

ST. PETERSBURG: 8,121 major crimes per 100,000; down 2.8 percent

CLEARWATER: 6,119 major crimes per 100,000; up 2.6 percent

LARGO: 4,315 major crimes per 100,000; down 0.6 percent

STATEWIDE AVERAGE: 5,164 major crimes per 100,000; down 4.3 percent

Source: Florida Department of Law Enforcement

Reporter Jerome R. Stockfisch can be reached at (850) 222-8382.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO CHART
Jeb Bush

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             February 26, 1998, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Jets boost offense with Byars, guard Burger

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK



Even though Jets coach Bill Parcells hasn't addressed the media since the end
of the season, his off-season plan has become quite apparent.

Offense, offense, offense.

Despite concerns on the defensive line and in the secondary, Parcells  continued
his efforts to bolster the offense, signing former Patriots fullback  Keith
Byars and former Bears guard Todd Burger on Wednesday to free-agent  contracts.
They joined $ 17-million center Kevin Mawae and backup center Mike  Gisler in
the Jets' free-agent class.

Byars, 34, a Parcells favorite from their brief time together in New  England,
is a multidimensional player who also plays tight end. His arrival  could affect
the roles of running back Richie Anderson and fullback Lorenzo  Neal, whose
roster spot could be in jeopardy. Terms of Byars' contract were  not released.

Despite the signing of Byars, the Jets still are believed to be interested  in
free-agent fullback Sam Gash, another Parcells favorite who became  expendable
Tuesday when the Patriots signed Tony Carter from the Bears.

The well-traveled Byars, who caught 20 passes for 189 yards and three
touchdowns last season, will "bring a lot of versatility to our offense,"
Parcells said in a statement. "He can play fullback, catch the ball out of  the
backfield and be a tight end."

Parcells coached Byars in 1996. A midseason acquisition, he played a key  role
in the Patriots' Super Bowl run. He's a strong locker-room presence who  should
provide much-needed leadership.

Burger, who signed a three-year, $ 2.5-million contract (including a  $ 750,000
signing bonus), is expected to compete for the starting job at left  guard. His
competition will be Lamont Burns, a second-year player who started  the final
three games.

BETTERS STILL PARALYZED: Former All-Pro Doug Betters remains paralyzed  after
sustaining a spinal injury in a ski accident in Montana on Feb. 5. A  doctor at
Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami said in a statement that Betters  "has
regained partial use of his arms and hands and has also recovered some
sensation to his chest and abdomen but remains quadriplegic at this time."
Betters fractured the sixth cervical vertebrae when he caught an edge and
crashed, landing on his head.

49ERS: An NFL executive who oversaw development of new stadiums in  Baltimore
and Cleveland will lead construction of San Francisco's proposed  stadium, the
San Francisco Examiner reported. Joe Ellis, the league's vice  president for
club administration and stadium management, will become chief  executive officer
of 49er Stadium Associates if the project goes forward. The  $ 525-million
project, which would include a shopping mall, has been delayed  six months
because of a battle between co-owners Eddie DeBartolo Jr. and his  sister,
Denise DeBartolo York.

OILERS: The team is eager to play before fans who have bought personal seat
licenses for its Nashville stadium, scheduled to open in 1999, owner Bud Adams
said. "Though the opening of our new stadium is still a year and a half away,
more than 43,000 fans already have made a long-term financial commitment in
Nashville by buying PSLs," Adams said in a statement. "We are excited about
playing home games before those Tennesseans who have made that important
commitment." The franchise is negotiating with Vanderbilt to play its 1998  home
games at the school's Nashville stadium.

RAMS: Eric Hill, the Cardinals' starting middle linebacker since he was a
first-round pick in 1989, signed with St. Louis. Hill, an unrestricted free
agent, signed a multiyear contract. Terms were not released. The 31-year-old
Hill exceeded 100 tackles in six of the past seven seasons, including a
career-high 196 in 1996.

REDSKINS: Leslie Shepherd, who led Washington in receiving yards and  touchdown
catches last season, was arrested and charged with assaulting a man  after a
Mardi Gras party. District of Columbia police said they arrested  Shepherd
around 2 a.m. after he punched a man outside a nightclub in northwest
Washington. Shepherd, 28, is charged with simple assault. The unidentified man
was not hospitalized, police said.

STEELERS: Pittsburgh signed free-agent cornerback Dewayne Washington to a
four-year deal worth nearly $ 8.8-million. "We've filled a couple of voids
because we can move Carnell Lake back to safety," defensive coordinator Jim
Haslett said. Washington was Minnesota's first-round pick from North Carolina
State in 1994 and has spent his entire career with the Vikings.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Keith Byars

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 24, 2016 Saturday

Four offenders jailed for illegally using fake credit card.

LENGTH: 361  words


On Wednesday night the Janesville police apprehended four offenders for a
financial dispute done via fake credit card.

Sgt. Aaron Dammen said four out-of-state people were arrested. They are:

The first offender is 23 year old Yvan Medina and he is of Pennsylvania. He is
accused four cases of offense on credit card.

The second offender is 19 year old Martin Highland of New York. He is accused of
four cases of offense on credit card and obstructing justice.

The third offender is 23 year old Shakeal Pearson of New York. He is accused of
four cases of offense on credit card.

The fourth offender is 24 year old Kayla Talbert of New York. He is accused of
two cases of offense on credit card.

At 9 p.m. on Wednesday near businesses at the Pine Tree Plaza on Deerfield Drive
the apprehensions were done.

The offenders used fake credit cards to buy gift cards which costs of several
hundred to thousands of dollars at several north-side businesses.

Some stores didnt make them do the purchase the gifts cards and some store
managers alarmed managers at nearby stores.

Sgt. Aaron said, I think that`s what ultimately got them caught.

On Thursday after the investigators of Janesville police issued an alert to
state law officers and retailers, saying the names Brittany Anderson and
Christopher Mathews were on the fake cards, and fake New Mexico and Pennsylvania
driver`s licenses matched those names.

The offenders were in a black Chevrolet Tahoe with Michigan plates.

The offenders went to food places such as Texas Roadhouse, Perkins, Cracker
Barrel, Chipotle, Qdoba, Applebees, Buffalo Wild Wings, Olive Garden and Five
Brothers, according to the alert.

The alert said, Fake cards were located with card numbers on bank card stock
that didn`t match. For example, a Chase number on a BOA card.

Fake IDs for Highland and Talbert were found with names that were engraved on
the fake cards.

Talbert informed the police that their fake credit card mission initiated in New
York and moved west.

It is proved that Medina traveled between St. Paul/Minneapolis and New York City
on December 7 and between Dallas/Fort Worth and to New York City on November 5.
2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            October 26, 2012, Friday

Legg, Marshall have seen offense take giant leap

BYLINE: Chuck McGill

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 688 words


HUNTINGTON - Inclement weather has hovered over the last two football meetings
between Marshall and Central Florida.

There was the 68-minute second quarter delay in 2010 that wiped out halftime,
and the seven inches of rain that drenched the field at Bright House Networks
Stadium in Orlando last season.

A cloud-less, wind-less, precipitation-free football Saturday is ideal for an
offense, but third-year Herd offensive coordinator Bill Legg isn't keen on
excuses.

That goes for anything, and it's a big reason Marshall (3-4, 2-1 C-USA) has an
offense that has made the leap from middling to magical in Legg's third season.

"When we came together right before spring ball started, we talked very briefly
about where we were in Year 1 - as far as strengths and deficiencies - and did
the same for Year 2.

"Then we talked about where we were going into this year and how we should be
functioning from a position of strength because there were no more excuses about
how we didn't have good players at every position. There were no more excuses
about how we didn't have experience at every position. There were no more
excuses about how we didn't have depth at every position."

Seven games into the 2012 season and Marshall has one of Football Bowl
Subdivision's top offenses.

The Herd ranks No. 2 in pass offense (390.0 yards per game), No. 4 in total
offense (568.4) and eighth in scoring offense (43.1 points per game).

Those are all valuable metrics for evaluating offensive production, but the
Thundering Herd has also become one of the more explosive teams in the nation.
The points and yardage can be attributed to, in part, an up-tempo unit that is
trying to cram as many plays into four quarters as possible.

But Marshall is tops in FBS with 22.1 plays per game of 10 yards or longer. This
season, Legg's offense has 155 plays of 10-plus yards, which nearly exceeds last
year's full-season total.

In 13 games in 2011, the Herd had 157 plays from scrimmage of 10-plus yards.
That figure was 129 (12 games) in 2010, the inaugural season for Coach Doc
Holliday, Legg and staff.

Marshall is one of four teams - Arizona, Louisiana Tech and Nevada - averaging
more than 30 first downs per game. Moving the chains will be crucial this
Saturday when the Herd battles the Knights (5-2, 3-0) for the final time as
Conference USA rivals.

UCF heads to the Big East next season, but Marshall has one last opportunity to
snap a seven-game skid in the series and wrest control of the East Division
before the Knights can scurry to a new league.

In the past two waterlogged contests, Marshall has gained 393 total yards of
offense - an average of 196.5 yards per game.

The Herd's single-game low this season is 491 yards of total offense.

Let that swirl around in your noggin for a moment.

Saturday's challenge comes in the form of the Knights' top-ranked defense in
Conference USA (No. 39 nationally). The national rankings of the defenses
Marshall has faced this season: 113, 119 (FCS), 65, 98, 72, 60 and 92.

Legg's offense hasn't scored against UCF in 78:18 of game clock and two years,
two weeks by the calendar.

The last time the offense found paydirt - last year's lone score was a defensive
touchdown - was when Eddie Sullivan tossed Aaron Dobson a short pass that Dobson
turned into an 86-yard touchdown in the 2010 game in Huntington.

That single play accounts for 22 percent of the Herd's offensive production in
the last two games against the Knights.

In Legg's two tries at cracking the UCF defense, his offense has gained 80 yards
on the ground on 41 carries - 1.95 yards per attempt. Marshall has generated 18
first downs in the past two games combined against the Knights - nine per game
and 21 fewer than this season's per game average.

But, this Herd team is different. The offense has evolved. The players are in
their second or third years in the system.

There's talent. There's experience. There's depth.

"The kids have worked extremely hard and they've bought in and it helps when you
have success," Legg said. "They've continued to take ownership of it.

"We challenged them and they've responded and that's why we've had a modicum of
success."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 26, 2007 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

THE NIGHT THE ILLINI FELL;
Doba recalls first game as coordinator;

BYLINE: Vince Grippi Staff writer

SECTION: C; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 497 words

DATELINE: PULLMAN


Soldier Field may have been a little more than half full that Thursday night 13
years ago, but big crowd or not, the memories are fresh for Washington State
University head football coach Bill Doba.

The Cougars had traveled to the Midwest to open the 1994 season against the
21st-ranked team in the nation, the University of Illinois. The nationally
televised game pitting a Big Ten favorite against a Pac-10 team coming off a
losing record wasn't a huge draw, with only 39,472 at Chicago's historic
football venue.

But it was historic for Doba. It was his first game as WSU's defensive
coordinator, and what a debut it was.

"Great memories," he said of the upset. "Our offense really struggled that year,
we had a hard time even getting a first down. We might have had a minus-10 yards
total offense (actually 157).

"We started blitzing and they didn't pick them up. They would get the ball on
our 40 and end up punting from their 45. We kept knocking them back."

The Illini offense didn't score a touchdown. Then again, neither did the WSU
offense. The final score was 10-9 Cougars, with the lone touchdown courtesy of
linebacker Mark Fields' 71-yard fumble return, the longest in WSU history.

Doba's defense was nearly impenetrable, yielding just 5 yards rushing and 220
yards in total offense. But the game was more than that.

"That was the springboard for that Palouse Posse," Doba said of the defensive's
nickname that season. "I remember (DeWayne) Patterson had just come off the
field, he got some Gatorade or some water and someone said, 'Punt team, get
ready,' and he says, 'What's the down and distance?' They say, 'Third-and-14,'
and he got upset. I jumped up and said, 'Hey, we didn't come here to watch the
offense, we came here to play defense.'

"Someone yelled, 'Gatorade to go!' and so after that, (the defense) wouldn't
even sit down. They would just stand on the sidelines and watch the offense and
get pumped up to go back out there."

Doba remembers the group fondly, but he also understands how lucky he was.

"Again, everything in life is timing," he said, "and I took over at the exact
right time."

SIDEBAR:

ON THE ROAD

WSU's record against ranked non-conference opponents (excluding bowl games)
since joining the Pac-8/Pac-10 in 1968. All games were on the road.

1970No. 14 Arizona St. 37 WSU 30
1973 No. 13 Arizona St. 20  WSU 9
1974 No. 16 Illinois 21  WSU 19
1976 No. 19 Kansas 35  WSU 16
1977 WSU 19    No. 15 Nebraska 10
 No. 15 Kansas 14  WSU 12
1979 No. 16 Ohio St. 45  WSU 29
1983 No. 6 Michigan 20  WSU 17
1984 No. 9 Ohio St. 44  WSU 0
1985 No. 5 Ohio St. 48  WSU 32
1987 No. 19 Michigan 44  WSU 18
1989 WSU 46    No. 24 BYU 41
1990 No. 5 BYU 50   WSU 36
1991 No. 16 Ohio St. 33  WSU 19
1993 No. 3 Michigan 41  WSU 14
1994 WSU 10    No. 21 Illinois 9
 No. 17 Tennessee 10  WSU 9
1995 No. 2 Nebraska 35  WSU 21
1996 No. 5 Colorado 37  WSU 19
2002 No. 6 Ohio State 25  No. 10 WSU 7
2003  No. 19 Notre Dame 29 WSU 26 (OT)
   WSU 47    No. 17 Colorado 26
2006 No. 4 Auburn 40  WSU 14

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: For more Cougar news, check our free on-line column, SportsLink
(spokesmanreview.com/blogs/sportslink).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Oklahoma football: TCU offense will give Sooner defense a new challenge

BYLINE: By Ryan Aber

SECTION:

LENGTH: 571 words


NORMAN - The TCU offense that Oklahoma will see on Saturday in Fort Worth isn't
anything like the offense the Sooners saw the last time the teams met.Two years
after joining the Big 12, the Horned Frogs have an offense that looks at home in
the conference.Gone is the deliberate, run-oriented offense that TCU has been
known for under coach Gary Patterson.It's been replaced by the Air Raid, led by
a couple of coaches who have had success with the wide-open offense in the
league."You see them spread out and they're making you defend the whole field,
which that offense does, and defend the whole field and every player," Sooners
coach Bob Stoops said. "They've done a really good job to this point being
highly productive offensively."After the Horned Frogs hung in plenty of games
the last two years thanks to defense but lost in the end due to an anemic
offense, Patterson overhauled the latter.Co-offensive coordinators Jarrett
Anderson and Rusty Burns were demoted.First, Patterson hired Doug Meacham, the
former Oklahoma State player who served as a Cowboys' assistant coach before
moving on to take over the offense at Houston.Then, Patterson raided Texas
Tech's coaching staff, bringing aboard former Red Raiders quarterback Sonny
Cumbie to team with Meacham to take over the coordinator duties.Through three
games, the results have been extremely positive.

The Horned Frogs are averaging nearly 45 points per game.Quarterback Trevone
Boykin struggled at times last year to run the offense, and it appeared likely
that Texas A&amp;M transfer Matt Joeckel would be TCU's starter this year. But
Boykin won the job and he's proven to this point that he deserved it. He's
thrown for 858 yards and eight touchdowns with just one interception so far and
also leading the Horned Frogs in rushing."He puts a lot of pressure on us,"
Sooners linebacker Dominique Alexander said. "He's a great player, a great
athlete. You always gotta be aware of the draw. He has an arm. He can throw it
all the way down field if you let him. We've got to get to the quarterback so he
doesn't have all day to get it to his receivers.While Boykin gives the Sooners a
challenge like they haven't faced yet this season, Oklahoma's defense is also
much stiffer than what Boykin and TCU has seen so far."The team we're playing
this week is a lot different football team," Patterson said.Even with TCU's
offense struggling in its first two seasons in the league, the Horned Frogs have
given the Sooners fits.Last season, OU hung on for a 20-17 win in Norman. In
2012, the Sooners beat the Horned Frogs by just seven.That was thanks largely to
the defense, though. Oklahoma's defense is expecting things to be even tougher
this time around.The Sooners do have some help in defending Cumbie and Meacham's
offense, and it comes from the offensive side.Quarterback Baker Mayfield spent
much of last season as Cumbie's quarterback at Texas Tech.Sunday night, he spent
quite a bit of time with Sooners defensive coordinator Mike Stoops going over
the Horned Frogs' offense and talking through with Stoops how to defend it."We
kept watching a couple games-where he's gonna read, why he's looking here so
it's the same offense we saw a year ago from Texas Tech," Mike Stoops said.
"There's a lot of similarities and Baker understood it and explained their game
plan to me a year ago, what they were looking at, what gave them problems. It's
definitely helped."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            November 9, 2004 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

BIG TEST LOOMS FOR PACKERS' DEFENSE

BYLINE: By Pete Dougherty Special to The Capital Times The writer retains the
copyright for this article

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1080 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY


The last time the Green Bay Packers faced a multi-weapon offense this season, it
was nothing less than a disaster.

The Indianapolis Colts -- with cagey Peyton Manning running their no-huddle
offense, Edgerrin James a threat at halfback and receivers Marvin Harrison and
Reggie Wayne running wild through the secondary -- embarrassed the Packers only
six weeks ago.

The Colts scored 28 points in the game's first 17 minutes, put up 453 yards in
total offense and averaged 7.1 yards per play on their way to a 45-31 win at the
RCA Dome.

During the Packers' current three-game winning streak, defensive coordinator Bob
Slowik finally has had some success getting stops and keeping teams out of the
end zone, in part because of the return of injured nose tackle Grady Jackson.
But the success also has come against the one-dimensional offenses of Detroit,
Dallas and Washington.

But on Sunday, the Packers face the NFL's top-rated offense in the Minnesota
Vikings. The NFC North Division game that could have profound playoff
implications for both teams.

The Vikings might be missing their top weapon as ABC's "Monday Night Football"
broadcast reported that receiver Randy Moss, who missed the Vikings' loss to
Indianapolis Monday night, also won't play this week because of a hamstring
injury.

Though the Vikings aren't the same team without Moss, Slowik and his defense
still will face their biggest test in several weeks against an offense that also
features an MVP candidate in quarterback Daunte Culpepper and a deep running
back corps that has the Vikings leading the NFL in yards per rush (5.0).

"I think now we'll respond a lot differently (than against Indianapolis)," said
Packers safety Darren Sharper.

"We also have more experienced (defensive backs) now. You put three or four
games under your belt, you can react a lot differently. You've seen a lot of
things and you're over the first-game jitters."

Slowik and the Packers are getting more comfortable in his new defensive system
after eight games, and having Jackson back is a big plus because of the domino
effect he has on the rest of the defense. But Sharper's health also is a major
issue this week, especially if something changes and Moss plays.

Sharper used the bye last week to rehabilitate his knee (sprained medial
collateral ligament) in south Florida. The injury kept Sharper out of the
Packers' most recent game, at Washington on Oct. 31. He appears to have a decent
chance of playing Sunday, but the Packers might not know his availability until
late in the week, depending on when he can begin practicing. He ran on his own
Monday after the bye-weekend layoff, and he could return to the practice field
as early as Wednesday or as late as Friday.

Sharper's presence is invaluable when the Packers play the Vikings, because he
generally shades to Moss' side of the field and provides over-the-top help on
deep passes. His height (6-foot-2) and athletic ability give him the best chance
of anyone on the Packers' defense contesting the 6-4 Moss for long, jump-ball
type throws that have become Moss' signature play.

Without Moss, the division-leading Vikings still have one of the NFL's top
players for the first half of the season in Culpepper, whose improved
decision-making as a sixth-year pro has helped him rank second in the league
passer rating (115.0 points, behind only Manning's 121.2) and first in
completion percentage (71.8 percent). Culpepper also has an outstanding
touchdown-to-interception ratio (21 to 5), and he's second in average gain per
pass (8.48 yards).

"Just from what I see on TV, he's making great throws. He looks strong," Packers
linebacker Na'il Diggs said.

"There's little things he does. He looks off a lot, which messes people up. And
he's got a great (receiving) corps, too. He can just throw the ball up and know
the guy's going to get it."

What makes Culpepper especially difficult to defend is his scrambling ability,
which has been a big factor in keeping Vikings' drives alive when they've
defeated the Packers during his four-plus seasons as their starter. At 6-foot-4
and 264 pounds, he's bigger than most linebackers but also as fast (he ran the
40-yard dash in 4.6 seconds coming out of college).

Culpepper is 3-4 in his seven starts against the Packers and averaged 57.7 yards
rushing in the Vikings' three wins, but only 26 yards rushing in the four
losses. Culpepper, though, also is perennially one of the NFL's fumble leaders
-- he had 25 fumbles the last four years combined, and this season he's tied for
the NFL lead with four.

The Packers, on the other hand, rank near the bottom of the league in takeaways.
Their eight forced turnovers (six interceptions, two fumble recoveries) ranks
26th, and their turnover differential of minus-10 ranks 27th.

Defending Culpepper requires controlled and disciplined pass rushing, because if
rushers get out of their lanes, he has big gaps to run through. But defenses
also desperately want to get to him in the pocket, because he's willing to hold
the ball and is vulnerable to fumbling when he's hit. Many teams, including the
Packers, will use a linebacker to shadow or spy Culpepper, but that takes a man
out of pass coverage.

"It's like playing Michael Vick," Sharper said. "You can say you're going to try
to contain him from making big runs, but he's going to get some, just from the
natural ability."

The Vikings added a new offensive weapon this season in rookie halfback Mewelde
Moore, a fourth-round draft pick who has held on to the starting job even with
the return of speedster Michael Bennett from injury and Onterrio Smith from a
drug suspension. Moore had started the Vikings' last three games and was
averaging 5.9 yards per carry before missing Monday night's game vs. the Colts
with an injury.

Injury update: Sherman said Sharper was the only player held out of practice
Monday because of injury. Running back Tony Fisher missed practice to attend a
family funeral, but Sherman said quarterback Brett Favre, guard Marco Rivera and
linebacker Paris Lenon all seemed to be healthy.

Johnson decision nears: Sherman said no decision has been made on whether he
would activate defensive back Chris Johnson, who has been on the
physically-unable-to-perform list with an injured leg this season. Sherman has
until Wednesday to decide if he wants to activate Johnson or place him on
injured reserve.

Up Next

What: Minnesota at Green Bay in an NFC North Division game

When: Sunday at 3:15 p.m.

Where: Lambeau Field.

TV: WMSN/Ch. 47

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Pete Dougherty writes for the Green Bay Press-Gazette

GRAPHIC: MICHAEL CONROY/ASSOCIATED PRESS Onterrio Smith and the Vikings
demonstrated Monday night in a 31-28 loss at Indianapolis that their offense
remains potent even without Randy Moss.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 8, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

CRIME AND PUNISHMENT IN GEORGIA: AN ANALYSIS;
The cost of cracking down on crime

BYLINE: Jane Hansen

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 02B

LENGTH: 1130 words


John Crutchley did the unthinkable. In 1985, Crutchley raped a teenager he had
picked up hitchhiking ---then drained and drank half her blood.

Amazingly, the 19-year-old survived, and Crutchley was sentenced to 25 years in
a Florida prison.

But then the state of Florida did the unthinkable. Last month, it released
Crutchley from prison after he'd served less than half his sentence.

It's the kind of news that drives the public wild. And it's the type of
disparity between the sentence imposed on a criminal and the sentence he serves
that has sparked a host of reform attempts, from "three strikes and you're out"
laws to truth-in-sentencing-laws that limit parole boards' discretion by
requiring convicts to serve most, if not all, of their sentence. Since 1977, the
portion of state prisoners released by parole boards has dropped from 72 percent
to 39 percent in 1994.

Georgia is part of the trend. Its "two strikes and you're out" law, which sets
lengthy mandatory sentences for the state's most violent criminals, is one of
the nation's toughest.

But less than two years after the law took effect, state Attorney General Mike
Bowers already wants to expand it. A likely candidate for governor, Bowers is
leading the charge among state Republicans to keep a slew of nonviolent
prisoners behind bars longer. If Bowers gets his way, everyone from purse
snatchers to marijuana smokers will serve at least 85 percent of their sentences
in prison.

Republicans pushed a bill last year that Bowers had proposed, but it died in the
Legislature.

"We know, and it cannot be debated, that if locked up, criminals cannot commit
new crimes on the street," Bowers has said.

The measure is likely to meet with approval from Georgians, who consistently
have indicated support for tougher sentences. In a recent straw poll, 95 percent
of Gwinnett County voters said they would support requiring violent felons to
serve at least 85 percent of their sentences.

But what many Georgians ---including apparently some state officials ---may not
don't realize is that Georgia already requires the most serious violent felons
to serve not just 85 percent of their sentences, but 100 percent.

Under the "two strikes" law, 615 felons convicted a first time of one of seven
violent crimes are already serving time with no chance of parole; another 13
felons, convicted a second time, have been sentenced to life without parole.

Casting a broader net, as Bowers proposes to do, would come at enormous cost to
Georgia's state and local governments, according to an analysis by state
officials. Not only could such a law quickly overwhelm local jails and courts,
but it also could result in prison overcrowding and forced early-release
programs. And without significant sentencing reform that would reduce the broad
discretion of Georgia's judges, the plan could result in even wider sentencing
disparities throughout the state.

Other states have had such experiences. Most criminal cases never reach the
costly trial stage; 95 percent are settled through plea bargains. But stiff
mandatory sentences discourage such settlements. In Los Angeles, criminals
sentenced under a new California law that cracks down on repeat offenders are
six times more likely to go to trial than regular felony cases.

In North Carolina, which requires violent criminals to serve all their
sentences, county jails have become overloaded with prisoners awaiting state
prison beds. And last year, Virginia sheriffs sued that state for illegally
stuffing their jails.

Virginia is an example of a state whose politicians campaigned on getting tough
on crime, then later refused to pay for it. With the elimination of parole in
1994, Virginia's prison population is expected to skyrocket in the next decade,
costing $ 746 million for new prisons. But last year, legislators granted only $
104 million of Gov. George Allen's initial $ 402 million request for prison
construction.

"They saw what it would mean to education funding, particularly higher
education," said Marc Maur, assistant director of The Sentencing Project in
Washington. "Generally, higher education is one of the first to get a hit. It's
almost a dollar-for-dollar trade-off."

Bowers' plan, which would impose the 85 percent requirement on 15 crimes,
including nonviolent crimes such as drug possession, would cost $ 2.3 billion
over 10 years, according to the state commissioner of corrections, the chairman
of the state parole board and the head of the governor's budget office. Bowers
disputes the figure, saying the cost would be less. Besides, he argues, the
state currently doesn't spend enough of its budget on state prisons.

But according to the national Bureau of Justice Statistics, Georgia spends a
higher proportion of its state budget on adult corrections than any other state
but Texas. At the same time, Georgia locks up more prisoners at a faster rate
than most states, ranking in the top 10 nationwide. And it is less likely to
release violent criminals from prison on parole.

Critics of the 85 percent proposal cite another problem: It would exacerbate the
wide disparity in sentences across Georgia.

Examples abound. There's the violent repeat offender sentenced in Fulton County
to one year in prison for rape, compared with the 50-year- old man with no
felony record sentenced in Pulaski County to 18 years for selling a $ 20 rock of
crack. Or the 23-year-old convicted in Cobb County of breaking into a home and
stealing a CD player, vs. the 21-year-old convicted in Burke County of breaking
into a home and stealing a camcorder. The Cobb County man got three years on
probation; the Burke County man got 15 years behind bars. Neither had a criminal
record.

In a state with such wildly disparate sentences, the parole board acts as
leveler on the playing field of justice. If the state eliminates discretion at
the back end of the system, by passing a far-reaching 85 percent law, without
also limiting judicial discretion at the front end, purse snatchers in Georgia
sentenced to 20 years in prison will remain there for 17 years.

That could lead to overcrowding, which often prompts federal court- ordered
programs that automatically slash criminals' prison sentences. And unlike
parole, such early releases apply to everyone, from purse snatchers to
predators.

It was such a program that forced Crutchley's early release from a Florida
prison, before officials threw him back behind bars for violating his probation.
And it was such a program in California that forced the early release of Richard
Davis, a repeat violent predator who less than four months later kidnapped and
murdered 12-year-old Polly Klaas.

Jane Hansen is an editorial writer for The Atlanta Constitution.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Charts and graphs: THE NUMBERS ON GEORGIA PRISONS
 Chart: Behind bars
 Georgia's prison population is in the top 10 by number, rate and growth.
 Highest prison population
 Number of inmates:
 1. California..... 131,342
 2. Texas............127,092
 3. Federal system....99,466
 4. New York..........88,528
 5. Florida......... 81,992
 6. Ohio..............43,158
 7. Michigan..........41,377
 8. Illinois..........37,790
 9. Georgia......... 34,111
 10. Pennsylvania... 29,844
 Chart: Incarceration rates
 Aug. 30, 1995
 Sentenced prisoners per 100,000 state residents:
 1. Texas............659
 2. Louisiana........573
 3. Oklahoma....... 536
 4. South Carolina.. 510
 5. Arizona..........473
 6. Georgia..........468
 6. Nevada......... 468
 8. Alabama..........459
 9. Mississippi......447
 10. Florida....... 437
 Chart: 12-month growth
 June 30, 1994-June 30, 1995
 Sentenced prisoners per 100,000 state residents:
 1. Texas..................26.9%
 2. West Virginia..........25.8%
 3. North Carolina....... 18.4%
 4. Mississippi............17.1%
 5. North Dakota......... 16.9%
 6. Wisconsin..............15.5%
 7. Nebraska............. 14.4%
 8. Kansas............... 13.7%
 9. Idaho..................13.2%
 10. Georgia............. 12.8%
 Bar graph: Percent of total state budget devoted to corrections
 Top five
 Texas..............6.07%
 Georgia............5.60%
 Florida............5.54%
 Delaware......... 5.23%
 Maryland......... 5.22%
 Bottom five
 West Virginia..... .09%
 North Dakota..... 1.00%
 New Hampshire......1.76%
 Minnesota..........1.85%
 Wyoming............1.87%
 Line graph: Future prison crowding?
 Projected Georgia prison population if 85 percent sentence service were
 required for the following offenses: homicide, bodily injury and related
 crimes, burglary and related offenses, sex offenses, robbery, drug abuse
 offenses and drug trafficking. Graph traces the projected population from
 1995 to 2004. Projected prison capacity is also traced from 1995 to 2004.
 Sources: U.S. Department of Justice; Georgia Department of Corrections./
 VERNON CARANE /Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 5, 2011 Wednesday

Auburn gears up for Razorbacks' passing game

BYLINE: Charles Bennett, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 614 words


Oct. 05--AUBURN -- Auburn's young defense seems to be growing in confidence each
week, but Auburn coach Gene Chizik said that confidence will certainly be put to
the test on Saturday.

Auburn (4-1, 2-0 SEC) plays at Arkansas (4-1, 0-1 SEC) Saturday in a game that
finds the Tigers trying to slow an offense that ranks No. 1 in the conference in
scoring offense, passing offense and total offense.

"You hope they're getting better every week in terms of trusting each other and
relying on each other as a unit," Chizik said Tuesday.

"I think they are. I think this is going to be a great test because there are
going to be some things that happen in this game right now that they're going to
have to overcome in terms of negative things happening. That's just the pressure
this offense is going to put on your defense. I think this is going to be a
phenomenal test for our guys."

Arkansas is averaging 39.4 points per game. The Razorbacks have managed fewer
than 38 points in only one game this season, and that was in a 38-14 loss at
Alabama.

Auburn is coming off its best defensive performance of the year in a 16-13
victory over No. 10-ranked South Carolina on Saturday.

While the Tigers were winning a defensive struggle in Columbia, S.C., the
Razorbacks were involved in a shootout on the road at Texas A&M.

Arkansas trailed by 18 points at one stage of the game, but rallied for a 42-38
victory.

Razorbacks' quarterback Tyler Wilson threw for 510 yards and three touchdowns.

Auburn defensive coordinator Ted Roof said he had already begun to think about
the challenge facing them this week while the Tigers were on the bus leaving
South Carolina.

"I saw where the kid had thrown for 510 yards," Roof said. "That certainly got
our attention."

Without question, Arkansas is first and foremost a passing team. The Razorbacks
are averaging 351.8 yards per game passing and 120 yards per game rushing.

Even so, Roof said the Tigers won't distort their defense to try and stop the
passing game.

"It's certainly a different challenge," Roof said.

"But, at the same time, the challenge is to get off the field and not allow
points. The goals are still the same. The standpoint of what we've got to
prepare for is going to be different. We'll have to tweak some things, but stay
within what we do. We're not trying to reinvent the wheel to play this week to
play Arkansas."

Even so, the players say they like the challenge of playing a wide-open passing
team like the Razorbacks.

"It's exciting in a way, because you're worried about your pass rush and this
and that," said Auburn defensive tackle Jeffrey Whitaker.

"It'll be tough if they start clicking on third downs. That's when it's going to
be tough, but the deal is, Arkansas still is going to try to establish a running
game. The deal is to stop it and make them one-dimensional, which they showed
you that they don't mind being. So it's going to be a tough challenge."

Auburn's defensive backs can't wait.

"It gives us a chance to showcase our abilities," said Auburn cornerback
T'Sharvan Bell.

"It's going to be everything that we want. This is what you come to Auburn for
as a defensive back -- to guard the best. I think they have the best group of
receivers in this league. It's definitely going to be a challenge for us as a
secondary. But we ain't backing away from no challenge. We're going to go into
Arkansas with full confidence, they're going to expect to win, we're going to
expect to win."

Charles Bennett covers Auburn University sports for The Star. Follow him on
Twitter @AUTigers_Star

___ (c)2011 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111005-AO-Auburn-gears-up-for-Razorbacks-passing-game-1005-20111005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2011 The Anniston Star


                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           February 1, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Manning meets stubborn 'D'; Denver can afford precisely zero mistakes against
the Seahawks' relentless attack

BYLINE: Bruce Arthur, Postmedia News

SECTION: SPORTS; Bruce Arthur; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 945 words


Super Bowl week! New York! New Jersey! The weather!

Really, this Super Bowl could have been the grandaddy of them all when it came
to gambling on the weather. There were prop odds and everything, though none of
them included the odds of a team bus trying to get to the stadium in New Jersey
and taking that exit - no wait, THAT exit - and then going round and round on
roads that are close to where you're going but don't actually take you there,
not quite, DAMN it, we're headed back to Newark, while your GPS just gives up
and tells you to turn around until you throw it out the window and into a frozen
swamp.

So far, the storylines of Super Bowl week have included Marshawn Lynch not
wishing to speak to the press (so?), Richard Sherman writing that Peyton Manning
throws "ducks" (true, though he did specify they were accurate, on-time ducks),
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick saying Sherman was afraid of
San Francisco's receivers (seems unlikely), and the weather.

But the forecast is for a high of 6 C on Sunday, with barely any wind. Advantage
Manning! Or something. This is the first time the No. 1 offence has met the No.
1 defence in the Super Bowl since Buffalo learned the words 'Wide Right' in
1991, and that's the headline act.

Seattle also has an offence and Denver also has a defence, and best of luck to
both of them.

So, what else about the central matchup Sunday, said the bar/restaurant/gambling
service that cannot legally say "Super Bowl"? Let's see. Well, Seattle allowed a
league-leading 14.4 points per game this season, which is great. They did it
against the 25th, 24th, 31st, 11th, 17th, 19th, 21st, 26th, 32nd, 12th, 13th,
5th, 24th, 30th, 21st, 26th, 5th, and 24thranked offences, by yards gained.

Denver scored a league-record 37.9 points per game this season, which is great.
And they did it against the 9th, 12th, 18th, 30th, 32nd, 27th, 19th, 21st, 24th,
23rd, 25th, 23rd, 15th, 24th, 7th, 18th, 24th, and 25th-ranked defences, by
yards allowed. So that's an average of about the 20th-ranked offence for
Seattle, or the Kansas City Chiefs, and an average of about the 21st-ranked
defence for Denver, or the Washington Redskins.

The two teams are clearly excellent at their strengths and they obviously
distorted those rankings to a degree, but Seattle also got the fifthranked
Saints at home both times, while Denver got the seventh-ranked Texans at the sad
end of a 2-14 season.

Neither team has faced anything quite like this yet.

Denver has had two of its three lowest-scoring games of the year in the
post-season, but that's partly because of how it's done it - grinding out
five-and six-and seven-minute drives, stringing together short passes and
intermediate passes and run plays, keeping guys like Philip Rivers and Tom Brady
off the field. Seriously, the Broncos have punted once in two games. Denver's
punter spent most of his time playing Sudoku on his phone and smoking cigarettes
and looking at the crowd, wondering whether any of them understood his
loneliness.

Seattle, meanwhile, forces teams into the short game, because throwing deep on
them is a nightmare.

According to Pro Football Focus, Seattle was attacked deep while lined up in
press coverage 24 times this season, and two of the passes were completed,
versus five interceptions.

Again, this is against an average of the Alex Smithled Kansas City Chiefs, but
still.

Oh, and the Seahawks, as detailed by the Wall Street Journal, cheat.

They grab receivers, glom on, commit five penalties when you can only call one,
if that.

As New York Giants wide receiver Louis Murphy told the Journal, "They just seem
to not care about the rules," which, golly, doesn't sound like a program coached
by Pete Carroll at all.

The Broncos, meanwhile, run pick plays that skirt legality, so a big part of
this Super Bowl may be the contest of who cheats more effectively, which is a
nice tribute to nearby Wall Street, or Tony Soprano's New Jersey. Whichever. So:
Who will win?

THE PICK

Seattle (+2.5) at Denver

This space's best-ever moment was probably picking the Giants to upset the 17-0
Patriots by a field goal in 2008, which was basically decided by the craziest
catch in Super Bowl history, and was therefore basically an expression of a
chaotic universe.

That was probably the closest recent matchup to this.

Meanwhile, this one feels like it will come down to whether Seattle can handle
Manning, or not.

Can they rush four guys and force Manning to move his feet and hold the ball a
little longer and pat it, whisper, "It'll be OK, ball, it'll be OK" as the
blue-and-green madmen get closer, closer? Can they take away enough of his
weapons - Demaryius Thomas, Julius Thomas, Wes Welker, Eric Decker, Knowshon
Moreno, all with at least 60 catches and 10 touchdowns, pick a card - and stop
those long, clock-eating drives?

Because if they can, well ... Denver's defence has played the run well lately,
so Russell Wilson will have to do some work for Seattle. And still, Manning will
probably have to be great, and that's the trick. Manning has spent a lifetime
memorizing details and formations and patterns, and can read them without
effort, but Seattle doesn't really trick you so much as it hits you, maybe holds
you, takes things away.

You can't make many mistakes against Seattle. And the last time Manning was in a
Super Bowl he threw a game-sealing pick six against New Orleans with three
minutes to go.

He's got another chance, and he's got one hell of an opponent. No quarterback
has ever won Super Bowls with two different franchises.

Test of a lifetime, coming up, and it says here he has just enough to pass.

Pick: Denver 24, Seattle 23. Last week: 0-2 Season: 123-134-8

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Matt Slocum, The Associated Press; Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll,
left, and his air-tight defence and Broncos head coach John Fox, right, and his
high-flying offence are on a collision course for Sunday's Super Bowl.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            October 24, 2004, Sunday

Ahern complains over US jailing of Irish who overstay welcome

BYLINE: Richard Oakley

SECTION: Home news; Eire News 8

LENGTH: 515 words


IRISH people who overstay their welcome in the United States are being
imprisoned for up to three months before being deported.

The American authorities will be pressed to speed up the process amid concern
from Dermot Ahern, the foreign affairs minister, about the length of time it is
taking for people to be flown home.

In some cases, the Irish people whose visas have expired are being held in
standard prisons rather than dedicated detention centres before being deported,
according to Irish immigration services.

"It used to be days or sometimes weeks, but now people are being held for months
and it is terrifying for them," said Siobhan Dennehy of the Emerald Isle
Immigration Centre in New York.

"It is taking at least six weeks before people are deported. In some areas, this
can be over two months," said Sheila Gleeson, of the Irish Immigration Centre in
Boston. "The situation has been getting worse since September 11 and it has been
difficult to determine why. Some months we are contacted by as many as five or
six people facing deportation."

Ahern expressed concern about the delays after John Deasy, the Fine Gael TD,
raised a number of cases with him.

Deasy recently helped families of people arrested and held for extended periods.

In one case, two Irish people were detained in Boston for more than a month
before being deported. They were arrested by police who called to their
apartment to interview their flatmate.

"Our flatmate was wanted for failing to attend a court hearing for a speeding
offence, but we didn't know this," one said last week. "When the police came
they looked at our passports and saw we were illegal. We were arrested and told
we would be questioned and released.

"Then we were taken to Bristol County state prison and from there to another one
with an immigration wing. There were about 100 of us in a room with 50 bunk beds
and many of those who were there were being deported because they had committed
criminal offences.

"I was tearing my hair out. Nobody would tell us anything."

Martin Cummins, 43, a carpenter from Thurles in Co Tipperary was arrested in
Virginia in April while on a driving tour of America. After being stopped for a
minor offence, the police discovered he had been an illegal resident for seven
months, and he was imprisoned for seven weeks, sometimes in shackles.

Ahern said he shared Deasy's concerns: "The embassy and our consulates monitor
the process closely and liaise with the appropriate US authorities, who are
aware of our concerns."

Deasy is seeking a meeting with James Kenny, the new American ambassador, to ask
for an amnesty for those deported. When sent home from the States, there is a
ban on returning for a maximum of 10 years.

"This should be resolved by the two governments. If it continues, it will lead
to resentment among the Irish community in America. The regime there seems to
bordering on the fanatical when it comes to enforcing immigration laws," he
said.

The American embassy in Dublin was not available for comment last week.


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

BYU football: Cougars leave state this week brimming with confidence

BYLINE: By Jay Drew The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; BYU Cougars

LENGTH: 685 words


Provo   Having won three straight games for the first time since the beginning
of last season when they opened with victories over Washington State and Weber
State to extend a streak started in 2011 to six, the BYU Cougars (4-2) leave the
state this week for the first time since Aug. 31.

They are taking a whole lot of confidence with them as they travel to Houston to
take on another group of Cougars who are on a roll. While BYU was blasting
Georgia Tech 38-20 on Saturday, Houston (5-0) was taking care of Memphis 25-15
at BBVA Compass Stadium, one of the Cougars' homes away from home as they await
the completion of their $120 million on-campus stadium.

Saturday's game, which will kick off at 1:30 p.m. MDT and be televised by the
ESPNews channel, will be played at Reliant Stadium, home of the NFL's Houston
Texans.

"I am coaching some really talented players who are working really hard. It's
just fun. How hard this team is working is really showing in how hard they
play," BYU coach Bronco Mendenhall said after BYU routed Georgia Tech for the
second straight year. "Georgia Tech is a difficult opponent, in not only scheme,
but to win against. I am proud of our team, and I like our chances [going
forward]."

The Cougars' defense has become a constant the past few seasons, but lately the
offense has shown signs of improvement, especially in the first half Saturday
night when BYU rolled up 345 yards and 21 first downs against a pretty stout
Tech defense. It seized up like worn-out engine in the second half, thanks
partly to some conservative play-calling and the failure to adjust to Tech's
halftime adjustments.

"We did a good job adjusting and stopping completely what they were doing
offensively, and they did a nice job also," Mendenhall said of BYU's punchless
third quarter. "They brought a lot more pressure and played a lot more man
coverage. They were a lot more aggressive. That's what they chose to do."

Still, the Cougars continued their gradual climb up the charts in most of the
NCAA's national offense rankings, and are now 30th in total offense and 69th in
scoring offense, a gap that remains too wide but is closing by the week. BYU is
13th in rushing offense and 82nd in passing offense, but more importantly it is
no longer among the 10 worst teams in the country in passing efficiency.

Quarterback Taysom Hill completed his first eight passes and finished 19 of 27,
the third straight game in which he's completed better than 50 percent of his
throws after sitting at 33 percent through the first three games.

"Initially, we had a lot of short, quick passes that allowed us as an offense to
get into a rhythm. We realized that their corners were bailing, and giving us
some easy 5-yard hitches and things like that, so that really allowed us to get
into a groove in the first half," Hill said, later noting that the Cougars
didn't do a good job adjusting to Tech's defensive adjustments in the second
half.

Hill looked to run more against the Yellow Jackets than he did in the previous
two games, and picked up 87 yards while losing 22 for a net of 65. Jamaal
Williams rushed for 86 yards and is now 17th in the country in rushing with a
108.6 average. Hill is 18th at 107.3

A quick glance at Houston shows an undefeated team that is not getting much
respect around the country, although the Cougars are receiving votes in both
major polls. Perhaps that is because Jeff Sagarin says Houston has played only
the 125th most difficult schedule in the country, having defeated Southern,
Temple, Rice, Texas-San Antonio and Memphis. BYU's schedule ranks 25th.

Sagarin has BYU 24th in the country in his rankings, but Houston is just 56th,
despite its glossy record. The Cougars are 27th in the country in total offense,
averaging 476.6 yards per game.

drew@sltrib.comTwitter: @drewjay -- BYU at Houston P Saturday, 1:30 p.m. MDT TV
ESPNews -- BYU's improving offense NCAA rankings Category Actual Rank Total
offense 473 ypg. 30thRushing offense 262.8 ypg. 13thPassing offense 210.5 ypg.
82ndPassing efficiency 104.97 111thScoring offense 29.2 ppg. 69th Third-down
percentage 34.0 pct. 95th

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Sex offense suspect found after fleeing to Oklahoma

BYLINE: The High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 262 words


Feb. 15--RANDOLPH COUNTY -- A man wanted in connection with a sex offense
involving a minor in Randolph County fled to Oklahoma before authorities tracked
him down and arrested him.

On Feb. 4, Randolph County Sheriff's Office received a report of a sex offense
involving a minor and an adult male. The Criminal Investigations Division
launched an investigation that led to warrants for the arrest of 35-year-old
Skylar Lamont Billie.

Billie is charged with statutory rape of a child under the age of 15 and
first-degree statutory sex offense, according to the Randolph County Sheriff's
Office.

Investigators posted that Billie was wanted on Feb. 10 on the Randolph County
Sheriff's office Facebook page. The post gathered almost 1,200 shares. According
to that Facebook page, Billie was last seen on Clyde King Road in Asheboro.

Since then, investigators received information that Billie had fled to Oklahoma,
where he has family. Deputies with the Hughes County Sheriff's Department in
Oklahoma were preparing to serve the Randolph County warrants when a medical
emergency call came from the same residence.

Billie had to be airlifted to the Oklahoma City Medical Center in Oklahoma City
after an unknown medical emergency. He is currently in the custody of the
University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center Police Department. Extradition
procedures have started, the Randolph County Sheriff's Office reports.

___ (c)2017 The High Point Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) Visit The High Point
Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) at www.hpenews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170215-HP-Sex-offense-suspect-found-after-fleeing-to-Oklahoma-20170215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2017 High Point Enterprise


                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 4, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Online Edition

Mr. College Football;
Breaking down the ACC Atlantic

BYLINE: TONY BARNHART; Staff

LENGTH: 389 words


Tuesday, March 4, 2008, 07:39 AM

For the next four days we're going to break down each team in the ACC and SEC
going into spring practice. Today: The ACC Atlantic.

BOSTON COLLEGE

Last season: 11-3, lost to Virginia Tech 30-16 in ACC championship game; beat
Michigan State 24-21 in Champs Sports Bowl.

Starters returning: Offense 6, defense 7.

Top story lines: Job No. 1 in spring back is finding a quarterback to replace
the great Matt Ryan. Chris Crane and JUCO transfer Codi Boek will lead the
competition; Return of LB Brian Toal, who missed all of 2006 season with an
injury.

CLEMSON

Last season: 9-4; lost to Auburn 23-20 (OT) in Chick-fil-A Bowl.

Starters returning: Offense 7, defense 8.

Top story lines: Running backs James Davis and C.J. Spiller return, but the
Tigers have to find three new starters on the offensive line; two linebackers
must step up to replace Nick Watkins and Tremaine Billie.

FLORIDA STATE

Last season: 7-6, lost to Kentucky 35-28 in Music City Bowl.

Starters returning: Offense 8, defense 7.

Top story lines: This will be the second year under offensive coordinator Jimbo
Fisher, who has been named the head coach in waiting; QB Drew Weatherford will
be challenged for his starting job by Christian Ponder.

MARYLAND

Last season: 6-7, lost to Oregon State 24-21 in Emerald Bowl.

Starters returning: Offense 9, defense 5.

Top story lines: Head coach Ralph Friedgen has given up calling the plays and
will turn the offense over to new coordinator James Franklin; The Terps lost six
starters on defense who combined for 148 career starts.

N.C. STATE

Last season: 5-7.

Starters returning: Offense 6, defense 4.

Top story lines: This will be the second spring under coach Tom O'Brien; running
back Toney Baker, who missed all but one game last season because of injury, is
back and is expected to have a big year; QB Daniel Evans will be challenged for
his job.

WAKE FOREST

Last season: 9-4, beat Connecticut 24-10 in Meinke Car Care Bowl.

Starters returning: Offense 6, defense 9.

Top story lines: There is some work to do on the offensive line as three
starters plus the tight end are gone; Wake Forest must also find a big-play
receiver to replace Kenneth Moore, who caught 98 passes (ACC record) last
season.

Wednesday: The ACC Coastal.

http://www.ajc.com/blogs/content/shared-blogs/ajc/cfb/entries/2008/03/04/breakin
g_down_t_3.html

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 October 15, 2001, Monday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

QUALITY OF LIFE INDEX // Our times as told by statistics

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; QUALITY OF LIFE INDEX; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 246 words



Percent of criminal offenses reported by Hillsborough County public schools in
1998-99 related to fighting and harassment: 55.6

Percent of criminal offenses in Hillsborough public schools in 1998-99 related
to alcohol, tobacco and other drugs: 14

Percent of criminal offenses in Hillsborough public schools in 1998-99 related
to nonviolent incidents and disorderly conduct: 11.7

Percent of criminal offenses in the Hillsborough public schools in 1998-99
related to violent acts against persons: 9.4

Percent of criminal offenses reported to Hillsborough public schools in 1998-99
related to property offenses: 5.7

Percent of criminal offenses reported by Hillsborough County public schools in
1998-99 school year related to weapons possession: 3.6

Number of cases of inhalation anthrax (the type detected in a South Florida man
who died and in two other South Florida residents) reported in the United States
in the 20th Century: 18

Number of cases of cutaneous anthrax (the type detected in an NBC News employee
in New York) reported in the United States between 1944 and 1994: 224

Number of infant deaths per 1,000 births among black babies born in the United
States in the year 2000: 14

Number of infant deaths per 1,000 births among white babies born in the United
States in the year 2000: 5.7

SOURCES: Hillsborough School District statistics compiled by the University of
South Florida; Centers for Disease Control; National Center for Health
Statistics.


LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 4, 2016 Sunday

Chiefs' 'D' to test Falcons

BYLINE: CHARLES ODUM The Associated Press

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 652 words


ATLANTA - The Kansas City Chiefs and Atlanta Falcons have found different ways
to win despite ranking near the bottom of the league in yards allowed.

Those winning formulas will be tested when the two teams currently on pace for
the playoffs meet today.

The Chiefs (8-3) rank 28th in total defense but lead the NFL with 24 takeaways
and a plus-14 turnover differential. The Falcons (7-4) rank 27th in total
defense but lead the NFL with 32.5 points per game - a franchise-record pace.

"You could argue that they're the best in the league right now," said Chiefs
coach Andy Reid of the Atlanta offense.

Bolstered by the return of running back Tevin Coleman from a hamstring injury
and the continued emergence of speedy receiver Taylor Gabriel, the Falcons'
offense looked deep and explosive in last week's 38-19 win over Arizona. It was
the most points allowed this season by the Cardinals, who entered the game
ranked first in fewest yards and passing yards allowed.

Matt Ryan completed passes to eight players and Gabriel scored on screen plays
of 25 and 35 yards. Gabriel has scored in four straight games.

"They just go and run their offense with a purpose," said Kansas City strong
safety Eric Berry. "They're not just out there just running plays. They have a
specific plan and they know they're a good offense. They run their plays like
they know they're a good offense. They're very confident in what they do. ... We
know we have a challenge."

The Chiefs are 7-0 when winning the turnover battle this season. The 24
takeaways have led to 72 points.

Falcons coach Dan Quinn, who frequently emphasizes takeaways with his mantra of
"It's about the ball," appreciates the Chiefs' success.

"Plus-14 on the year, that's a hell of a year," Quinn said Thursday, adding the
turnover battle "is going to be a real factor in the game."

It's an important game to the teams' playoff hopes. The Falcons lead the NFC
South, only one game ahead of Tampa Bay. The Chiefs are one game behind AFC West
leader Oakland.

WHAT A RUSH - Justin Houston's second game back from offseason knee surgery
resulted in three sacks last Sunday night in Denver. Houston looked every bit
the four-time Pro Bowl pass rusher he was before requiring surgery to his left
ACL in February. It came at a good time, too, because Dee Ford - who has 10
sacks this season - has been dealing with a hamstring injury. Ford returned to
practice this week but it's unclear whether he will play.

TYREEK THE FREAK - Chiefs wide receiver Tyreek Hill scored touchdowns through
the air, on the ground and on a free kick return against the Broncos, earning
him offensive player of the week honors. The speedy rookie has been a breakout
star for the Chiefs, and his importance has only increased with Jeremy Maclin
dealing with a groin injury. Maclin also returned to practice this week, but his
availability against Atlanta remains in question - and even if he does play,
will he be close to 100 percent?

DECIMATED DEFENSE - Atlanta has lost defensive end Adrian Clayborn for at least
a few weeks to a left knee injury. He had surgery Tuesday. Clayborn is second on
the team with 4 1/2 sacks.

It will be the team's third game without top cornerback Desmond Trufant, placed
on injured reserve this week with a torn pectoral muscle.

The defense already has lost linebacker Sean Weatherspoon and defensive end
Derrick Shelby to season-ending injuries, and has had linebackers De'Vondre
Campbell and Deion Jones and safety Keanu Neal miss time.

TAKE IT AWAY - The Chiefs' big-play defense is led by cornerback Marcus Peters,
who ranks second in the NFL with five interceptions and three fumble recoveries.

GOOD NEWS, BAD NEWS - The Falcons are on pace to easily surpass their record 442
points scored in their 1998 Super Bowl season. The defense is on pace to allow
439 points. The only three teams in Atlanta history to allow more than 439
points finished with fewer than five wins.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 7, 2013, Saturday

WVU FOOTBALL;
No secrets on WVU, Oklahoma staffs

BYLINE: Dave Hickman, Staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P4B

LENGTH: 605 words


NORMAN, Okla. - No matter what West Virginia's offense ends up looking like
tonight at Oklahoma Memorial Stadium, chances are good that the Sooner coaches
won't be caught off guard.

Few coaching staffs in the country are more familiar with Dana Holgorsen than
Oklahoma's. And if the overall familiarity isn't enough, OU offensive line coach
Bill Bedenbaugh went to the Sooners straight after two years at WVU.

"Oh, it goes way deeper than that,'' Holgorsen said, referring to the Bedenbaugh
connection. "I've known a lot of those guys for 15 years. We've been to clinics
together and we hang out together. They know our offense better than anyone else
out there.

"I don't know what that's going to do for them, but you have to be careful with
that. You have to be careful with your signals, your tendencies and your
combinations because they understand it. They know us better than anyone in the
country.''

It's not so much just signals and plays and the like that Oklahoma's coaches
know about Holgorsen's offense. It goes right to the heart of the philosophy
behind the offense. It's a Mike Leach thing.

While Leach is known primarily for the Air Raid offense he popularized at Texas
Tech beginning in 2000 - and which Holgorsen adopted while working for Leach in
Lubbock - it's easy to forget that his last stop prior to Tech was Oklahoma.
Leach was Bob Stoops' first offensive coordinator when Stoops got the OU job in
1999.

Granted, that was a long time ago, but the fact is one of the reasons Oklahoma
has been a pass-heavy team during Stoops' 14 years prior to this one is that
Leach influence. He might have lasted just a season in Norman, but his offense
there lived on.

"You see gradual changes in our offense and theirs with outside influences,''
Holgorsen said. "You can see the changes when I went from Texas Tech to Houston,
Houston to Oklahoma State and Oklahoma State to West Virginia. But the basis of
the offensive structure is very similar.''

Only this year is Oklahoma really straying dramatically from the Air Raid type
of philosophy, thanks primarily to a new running quarterback. But even at that,
when Trevor Knight becomes more comfortable, expect that to revert back at least
somewhat.

As for Holgorsen, he's never strayed from the Air Raid. Yes, he's having a
difficult time doing what he wants to do right now because of inexperienced
personnel - particularly at quarterback - but he's never gotten away from the
philosophy.

And Oklahoma's coaches are well versed in the philosophy.

"Dana doesn't change his system much, which he shouldn't,'' Stoops said. "I'm
familiar with how they run their offense, being that we've had it here for a
long time, too. It goes way back to Mike Leach and we still have a lot of parts
of our offense that are the same as what they're doing.

"Dana does it well. You still see a lot of the same things. There may be a
little bit more emphasis on running the football. But I know that Dana likes to
run the football and ran it on us last year.''

Stoops, though, doesn't really expect to see the same sort of run-heavy offense
tonight that he saw from West Virginia a week ago. He knows that while the Air
Raid is capable of being turned into a running offense, he doesn't expect
Holgorsen to be satisfied doing just that.

"Dana has his plays that he stays with and they do it well,'' Stoops said. "They
were pretty vanilla in their first game but I know we won't see a vanilla scheme
in what they're doing against us. It'll be different, so we'll prepare for a lot
of what we saw last year."

Reach Dave Hickman at 304-348-1734 or dphickman1@aol.com or follow him at
Twitter.com/dphickman1.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 14, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Second-guessing for a rebound Broncos hope to re-establish prolific offense from
early in season

BYLINE: Lindsay H. Jones The Denver Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 509 words


For the second time in three weeks, the Broncos found themselves saying, "What
if?"

Just as was the case two weeks ago after losing at Kansas City, on Monday coach
Mike Shanahan and players said their own mistakes led to a 24-17 loss to
Jacksonville.

What if Jay Cutler hadn't fumbled near midfield in the first quarter?

What if Brandon Marshall had just hit the turf after making a catch inside the
10-yard line instead of fumbling at the 7 while fighting for extra yards?

What if Michael Pittman had been able to push forward for another foot on fourth
down in the closing minutes of the first half?

"You add all those things up during a game, and that's a lot of points we left
on the field," receiver Brandon Stokley said. "We weren't doing that the first
few weeks, and now we are, so that's the difference between being a really great
offense and just being an average offense."

There's no question that through the first three weeks of the season, Denver's
offense was, as Stokley said, great. The Broncos were averaging a staggering 38
points per game in those games, all victories.

And it has been equally obvious that the offense has been lackluster in the last
three games: a loss to Kansas City, a victory over Tampa Bay and Sunday's loss
to the Jaguars. The team's point total has plummeted faster than last week's
stock market to a pedestrian 17.3 points per game over the past three games.

Players said the solution is simple: ball control.

"The games we lost, we committed a lot of turnovers, and if we don't commit the
turnovers, we win the games easy," receiver Darrell Jackson said.

In those first three wins, Denver lost just one fumble. In losses to the Chiefs
and Jaguars, the Broncos lost a combined four. (A fifth lost fumble in the
three-week span was charged to defensive tackle Marcus Thomas against Tampa
Bay.)

Marshall, Denver's leading receiver, was responsible for two of those recent
fumbles, one each against Kansas City and Jacksonville. He said after Sunday's
game that the fumbles might make him rethink the way he fights for yards after
the catch.

Shanahan and teammates said that might be too dramatic a reaction. Don't stop
running, Shanahan said. Just be more careful when you do it.

"You just have to tuck the ball away," Shanahan said. "I think Brandon
understands that this is the National Football League, people will be trying to
strip the ball. ... That is an example for Brandon and Jay."

Cutler's fumble came when Jacksonville defensive end Reggie Hayward swatted the
ball out of Cutler's right arm on a first-quarter scramble.

Shanahan defended Cutler's other turnover Sunday, a first-quarter interception
on a deep pass intended for Marshall. Cutler overthrew Marshall on third down,
and Jaguars safety Gerald Sensabaugh caught it at Jacksonville's 6-yard line.

"It was better than a punt," Shanahan said. "His timing was a little bit off,
but those are things a smart quarterback is going to do: take a shot without
caring about the stats and trying to make a play."

Lindsay H. Jones: 303-954-1262 or ljones@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 18, 2010 Monday
                                  City Edition

Pass or Fail?

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 136 words


Nebraska ranks among the nation's leaders in pass defense, scoring defense and
total defense. For comparison, here's a closer look at the Cornhuskers'
opponents this season and OSU's offense.

(Note: National rank in each category in parentheses)

Team   Rushing offense Passing offense Total offense  Scoring offense Western
Kentucky 147.33 (68)  157.33 (105)  304.67 (105)  20.33 (100) Washington  172.83
(44)  239.17 (49)  412.00 (46)  26.67 (71) *Idaho  89.5 (109)   348.33 (4)
437.83 (26)  32.33 (38) *South Dakota State  136 (65)  184 (68)   320 (79)
16.33 (103) Kansas State 221.67 (16)  161 (102)   382.67 (59)  32.5 (37) Texas
143 (74)   202.17 (74)  345.17 (81)  24 (78) OSU  174.33 (41)  361 (3)   535.33
(2)  49.5 (2)

*: Idaho and South Dakota State compete in the Football Championship Subdivision
(FCS).


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         September 5, 1986, Friday, ONT

2 from Jays farm team guilty in case of assault of bicyclist

BYLINE: Special to The Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 292 words

DATELINE: ST. CATHARINES, Ontario


   ST. CATHARINES - A Blue Jays farm team catcher has been given an absolute
discharge after he pleaded guilty to a charge of simple assault for slapping the
buttocks of a woman on a bicycle.

A charge of sexual assault against Richard Ironside, 20, of St. Petersburg,
Fla., was dropped by the crown.

John Shea, 21, of Colchester, Conn., a Blue Jays farm team pitcher, pleaded
guilty to careless driving in the same incident. He was fined $150.

Additional charges of criminal negligence in the operation of a motor vehicle
against Shea and another Blue Jays pitcher, Patrick Saitta, 23, of New York
city, were also dropped by the crown. The Blue Jays farm team is based in St.
Catharines.

Provincial Court Judge Harry Edmondstone was told by assistant crown attorney Al
McGarvie that the incident happened about 12.30 a.m. July 23, when the men drove
in a car past a female bicyclist in St. Catharines.

Witnessed incident

Ironside reached out of a window and slapped her on the buttocks. The woman fell
from the bicycle and the vehicle slowed down while the men checked whether she
was hurt, the court was told.

When they determined that she was uninjured, Shea, the driver, speeded up. Brian
Cousineau, who lived nearby, witnessed the incident and pounded on the car's
windshield saying he had the licence number.

Someone inside opened the door and punched at the witness and Cousineau was
dragged for a few seconds and suffered minor cuts. Then the car left the area.

In handing Ironside an absolute discharge, Judge Edmondstone said a criminal
record would make it difficult for the catcher to re-enter Canada to pursue his
career with the Blue Jays.

The incident was "thoughtless and stupid," the judge said.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 28, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
49ers' So-Called Inconsistencies Have Fassel Worried

BYLINE: By STEVE POPPER

SECTION: Section D; Page 6; Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 877 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Nov. 27


As part of his preparation, Jim Fassel, like any other coach in the National
Football League, peruses the newspapers from the city of his upcoming opponent.
When he thumbed through this week's stories from San Francisco, it stopped his
leisurely breakfast.

Looking for a weakness in the 49ers, he found stories deriding the team's
inconsistencies, and a questioning tone, even from within the team, that it is
the same offensive power it has been for years. Jerry Rice was voicing
dissatisfaction with the number of times he gets the ball, even though he has 61
catches.

Fassel did not have to compare the stories to his own notes that show the 49ers
(8-3) with the leading offense in the N.F.L. to know that it could be a long
Monday night at 3Com Park for the Giants.

"It's amazing," he said. "You get the clips and they're talking about their
offense and inconsistencies. I'm going, 'You guys are No. 1 in the N.F.L. Where
does that put everybody else?' People are talking about their offense and can
they do it. Are they still the same? Yeah, they're pretty good. They're real
good."

This season's model of the 49ers has differed little from 49ers teams of the
past, averaging a league-best 422.2 yards per game. The 49ers are on pace to
finish the season with 6,754 yards, just 182 shy of the N.F.L. record. Steve
Young has guided the offense with 27 touchdown passes and Garrison Hearst needs
just 61 yards to record his second straight 1,000-yard rushing season.

For their part, the Giants (4-7) bring an offense that went 11 quarters without
a touchdown before finally breaking through in the second half against the
Philadelphia Eagles last week. And the Giants have not scored a touchdown in
their last four games in San Francisco. The last time the Giants reached the end
zone in San Francisco was Nov. 27, 1989.

"We need to offensively score more points than we have been lately," Fassel
said. "Part of the process is having more consistency on offense, which is going
to mean moving the football on the ground, converting third downs, the turnover
ratio good, and we're going to need to win some field position on special teams.
Don't ever give them the short field because they can score quick enough on the
long field. Also, that has to result in some points, then our defense has to
play well."

Short of controlling the ball from the opening kickoff right through the end of
the game, the Giants may have trouble keeping up offensively with the 49ers.
While Kent Graham is still finding his way in his new role as the starting
quarterback for the Giants, the 49ers are in a comfort zone.

"They can read each others' thoughts," Giants safety Percy Ellsworth said. "You
watch them play on film and you know half the things that happen weren't even
designed. It's not luck. It's years of working together."

Phillippi Sparks said: "They have their own plays that have nothing to do with
the game plan. I'll give you one. If Rice gets behind the guy on him --
regardless of the route called -- he throws his arm up over his head and
regardless of the route called, Young throws the ball to him immediately. That's
their signal. Jerry says, 'I'm open.' Steve says, 'Here's the ball.' "

Asked if he had experienced that queasy feeling of seeing the hand go up and the
ball soar over his head, Sparks said that it had never happened to him. But good
or bad, he does not want to dwell on the Giants' history of troubles in San
Francisco. He is focused on trying to contain Rice and the 49ers' other
receivers, J. J. Stokes and Terrell Owens.

"I don't like going back to the past," Sparks said. "That doesn't matter to me.
What actually matters is your next game, your next play. That's the only thing I
can think of. I was there when they beat us bad there, but I also remember when
we beat them bad here.

"They are powerful. I'm not going to be up here being silly. They are very
powerful offensively. We're going to have to play a great game defensively and
make sure, no big plays."

The Giants have faced other versions of the West Coast offense this season with
varying success. Against the Green Bay Packers, the Giants were roughed up for
37 points. Against the Eagles, the Giants posted their first shutout in eight
years.

"You have teams in the league that run the exact same offense," Sparks said. "I
just think the personnel make the offense. You can put different players in, but
when you have a Stokes, Owens, Rice, all three can start for any team in the
league and they run the same exact stuff that everybody else does, but they do
it a little bit quicker."

EXTRA POINTS

MICHAEL STRAHAN sat out for the second consecutive day with stiffness in his
back, but Coach JIM FASSEL said it was cautionary and he expected Strahan to
play on Monday. . . . CARLTON GRAY, who signed with the Giants after being
waived by the Colts, said that he was not frustrated with his role, despite
being removed from his spot in the nickel defense. "I want to contribute," said
Gray, who injured his right ankle slightly late in practice Friday when he
caught a cleat in the grass. "Everybody wants to play. But I understand it. I
understood it when I came here. Even though JASON SEHORN is hurt, CONRAD
HAMILTON has played well."

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           December 8, 2007 Saturday

Buffs' offense worries Pokes;
UW hopes it fares better against Colorado's Princeton-style offense

BYLINE: Robert Gagliardi

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 744 words


By Robert Gagliardi

rgagliardi@wyomingnews.com

LARAMIE - The last time the University of Wyoming men's basketball team faced a
team that ran a Princeton-style offense, it lost 76-65 at Denver on Nov. 13.

UW (3-3) gets to see how much it learned from that as it hosts Colorado (5-3) at
2 p.m. today at the Arena-Auditorium.

The Princeton offense is deliberate with cuts and screens to generate open shots
- usually as the shot clock expires. Denver shot 56.1 percent and made 12 of 21
3-pointers.

Colorado's version is different. It has better players, and the Buffaloes are
not afraid to take an open shot early in a possession if it is available.

"The last time we saw this offense, it was like most of our guys' heads were
spinning like a top," first-year coach Heath Schroyer said. "Even though
Colorado's offense is a little different, it should help us from seeing a lot of
the basic principles earlier this season."

See POKES, page B2

Pokes:

Continued from B1

Colorado beat Denver 54-44 on Nov. 27.

For a non-conference game in early December, there is a lot of intrigue to this
contest.

It is the return of former UW coach Steve McClain, who was fired in March after
nine seasons. He is now an assistant with Colorado for former Air Force coach
Jeff Bzdelik, who was 3-3 against UW in his two seasons with the Falcons.

The Cowboys host the Buffs for the first time since 1998, which was the last
time they played a Big 12 Conference team at home.

This is only UW's third home game, and it is 2-0. It opened the season with four
of its first six on the road.

There has been a lot of the talk about McClain's return to UW, where his record
was 157-115. He recruited most of the players on the Cowboys' roster.

Many fans are curious to see what kind of response he gets when he is first seen
in the Double A.

But the Cowboys' coaches and players have other things on their than seeing some
familiar faces on the other bench.

They have averaged 21 turnovers over their last two games and 17.8 this season;
they have shot only 35.9 percent from 3-point range; and they have been out
rebounded by an average of about three per game.

The Pokes must also find a way to slow down Colorado's two leading scorers -
senior guard Marcus Hall and Richard Roby.

Schroyer described the 6-foot-6 Roby as a "NBA player," and he says Hall will be
a first- or second-team all-conference player.

UW also has some health issues as junior guard and leading scorer Brandon Ewing
(18.8 points per game) has a sore shoulder. But that hasn't prevented him from
playing or practicing.

Ewing said the injury, which he aggravated in last Saturday's 96-71 loss at
Akron, has made him around 70 to 80 percent.

Freshman center Adam Waddell is out two to eight weeks with a stress reaction in
his left foot. Tests this week showed there is no fracture.

And freshman guard Marios Matalon has a sprained ankle. It will be a game-time
decision on whether he plays today.

Waddell's injury makes UW thin in the post because junior Bienvenu Songondo has
been hampered by a knee injury.

That gives the Pokes only two healthy centers - sophomore Travis Nelson and
freshman Mikhail Linskens. Linskens played in his first-ever college game at
Akron and had seven points and three rebounds.

Colorado's major concerns are scoring and rebounding as it has averaged 59.4
points and 27.4 rebounds per game.

Schroyer was quick to point out this week that six of his top nine players are
freshmen and sophomores.

Colorado has more veteran players, but both squads are learning new systems and
getting used to new leadership.

That led McClain to say something about the Buffs that Schroyer has said about
his squad all season.

"We're a work in progress," McClain said.

Head of their class

Not only does Ewing lead the league in scoring, but guard Brad Jones is the
leading scorer in the MWC (14.2 ppg) among seniors.

Forward Ryan Dermody is the leading rebounder in the league among sophomores
(5.5 rpg) and second in scoring (10.2 ppg).

Free throws

UW has averaged 82.5 points and has shot 50 percent from the field in its two
home games. ... The Cowboys have shot 50 percent from the field in their first
six games, which is tied for 24th in the nation. b[#x20ac]& UW leads the series
with Colorado 39-34 and has won 10 of the last 14. b[#x20ac]& The Pokes lead the
MWC with 3.8 blocked shots per game. b[#x20ac]& Colorado's last two losses to
Stanford and Wisconsin have been by an average of 25 points. b[#x20ac]& The
Buffs have not won at UW since Dec. 10, 1996 (84-68).

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 15, 2016 Monday
                                CA CHASE EDITION

Strong in must-succeed mode;
Texas coach hopes third offense proves to be charm

BYLINE: Dan Wolken, dwolken@usatoday.com, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1044 words


Year Three has not begun for Charlie Strong at Texas, and there's already a
conversation playing out publicly on campus about whether he will be around for
Year Four.

It is unfair, in many ways, that Strong had to attend the Big 12's media days
last month and answer a question from an Austin newspaper reporter about whether
this season could be a referendum on his tenure.

Sure, there have been too many losses, too many humiliations to the likes of
Arkansas and Iowa State to give Strong a free pass that never expires, something
he understands and does not deny. But there's also a convenient truth that the
program he inherited from Mack Brown was broken in too many ways to repair
quickly, something those who make the decisions at Texas understand -- at least
for now.

All around college football, a consensus has been building this offseason that
Texas is close to making the turn toward contention in the Big 12. It's a belief
rooted in Strong's recruiting success, his trajectory at Louisville, the
reliance last year on young players who should grow up and glimpses of
excellence last season (such as a victory against College Football Playoff-bound
Oklahoma) despite a 5-7 record.

But the question lingering over Texas like a thick morning fog is whether
Strong, a defensive coach through and through, can win big playing a style of
football he has never truly believed is the best path to a championship.

"I don't want to look back, you know," Strong said, recalling the first two
years of his tenure in which Texas never fully committed to any discernible
style of offense and ended up looking mostly like a jumbled mess. "I made the
change, and it's what the change is now, so we'll see exactly where it is."

The change, of course, was hiring offensive coordinator Sterlin Gilbert, who has
never called plays at the Football Bowl Subdivision level but comes from the Art
Briles tree, one branch removed via his protégés Philip Montgomery and Dino
Babers. Regardless of Briles' off-field issues at Baylor, those who have been
connected with him have gone on to implement his system elsewhere with
significant offensive success, and Texas is banking on Gilbert doing the same.

All about recruiting

But when Strong talks about why he is falling in line with the rest of the Big
12 in embracing the full up-tempo spread system, you don't hear him talk about a
style of football that has proved to win national titles -- because,
historically, it hasn't. What you hear is a calculation based on recruiting.

"When you look at the state of Texas -- and we just came back from San Antonio
at the Texas High School Coaches Association, and the high school coaches are
doing an unbelievable job -- it's the offenses that are set up in this state,"
Strong said. "All of 'em are wide open. Now when you bring in a coach who has
been involved with that offense, it's amazing how it takes off."

Not exactly the most profound epiphany you've ever heard.

That's not to suggest a defensive coach can't fully embrace that style (Gary
Patterson did it at TCU with magnificent results) or that Texas can't win a
national title trying to play like Baylor (if Auburn and Oregon came that close,
Texas can too).

The problem is, this is the third consecutive year Strong has changed what he
wants Texas to look like. And last year, after talk in the summer about opening
up the offense, the Longhorns reverted to familiar patterns and looked like a
program with no identity or commitment to what kind of team they wanted to be.

"We had different pages from different books," tight end Caleb Bluiett said.
"We've tried to initiate this offense before; just some people just weren't
committed enough to do it. I can't really tell you why. The coaches planned on
doing it, but we ended up not."

Mirroring Muschamp

By firing his longtime offensive coordinator, Shawn Watson, and hiring Gilbert,
Strong is no longer just paying lip service to tempo. At the same time, he also
is staking his career at Texas on a relatively unknown 38-year-old who hasn't
fully run his own offense since he was the coordinator at Temple (Texas) High in
2011.

That's an uncomfortable place for a head coach, particularly one who spent his
first two years shuffling so much of his offense.

It's reminiscent of how Will Muschamp, another defensive whiz, flailed about
trying to figure out what Florida needed to be on offense. After three offensive
coordinators in four years, Florida alas found no one else to blame.

When Strong came to Texas, the working concept was to import what he did at
Louisville -- including Watson's pro-style, West Coast-inspired offense -- but
with access to better recruits. The problem was that Texas' talent drain in
Brown's last few years made it unlikely any kind of offense would succeed.

That's why Texas going all-in on the Baylor offense feels a bit contrived and
desperate. It's true that Texas high school players are instinctively going to
be more familiar with a no-huddle, spread system because it's what most of them
have grown up with, but Texas is one of just a handful of programs nationally
that can recruit well enough to win with any style its coach believes in.

The question is how committed Strong remains with so much on the line this
season, the difficult schedule (including opening vs. Notre Dame) and the
possibility of another new quarterback, freshman Shane Buechele, emerging as
Texas' best option.

"We were going fast (before), but we weren't going this fast," Bluiett said.
"I've never seen anything like this fast. I don't care if you're talking about
TCU or Baylor. The way we run in practice is insane. We're aiming for 12 seconds
between plays. When the ball is on the ground, we plan on being there."

It's hard to imagine a Strong team looking like that. Then again, Nick Saban
once declared no-huddle offenses bad for football yet has accepted elements of
that style in his program because he now thinks it helps him win.

How committed will Strong be to the Baylor philosophy? After his dalliance with
it and quick retreat last season, it's fair to be skeptical. On the other hand,
it's clear that Strong only gets to hit the reset button for his offense so many
times before Texas pushes it on him. If he's not all-in now, he'll be all-out
soon enough.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           October 3, 2007 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

BASEBALL PLAYOFFS: The Division Series;
A quick look at Major League Baseball's playoff matchups

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 772 words


AMERICAN LEAGUE

Boston Red Sox vs. Los Angeles Angels

Los Angeles had the best home record in baseball this season but lost a chance
to host Boston by losing three in a row to Texas last week. The Red Sox have
dominated Angels pitching this season, scoring 64 runs in 10 games (six wins).

* Pitching: Boston's staff led the American League in ERA, starter ERA, bullpen
ERA and opponents' batting average.

* Offense: The teams are evenly matched, ranked fourth and fifth in the AL in
hitting. Los Angeles does have Vladimir Guerrero on the mend.

* Defense: Boston's Coco Crisp led all AL center fielders in runs saved,
according to a statistic by Baseball Prospectus.

* Key to the series: This series may swing on the Game 3 matchup of Boston's
Curt Schilling vs. Los Angeles' Jered Weaver.

Cleveland Indians vs. New York Yankees

New York was given up for done after a woeful start left them 10 games out in
the East at the All-Star break. Cleveland ran away with the Central but gets a
tough opening matchup. The Indians lost all six games against the Yankees this
year.

* Pitching: Cleveland's C.C. Sabathia and Fausto Carmona each had 19 wins, and
the AL saves leader was the Indians' Joe Borowski.

* Offense: New York's powerful offense led the AL in average, runs scored and
home runs.

* Defense: Shorstop Derek Jeter led the team with 18 errors, and Alex Rodriguez
has never been stellar at third base.

* Key to the series: A-Rod can't be the player that hit .133 and .071 in the
Yankees' last two ALDS appearances.

NATIONAL LEAGUE

Arizona Diamondbacks vs. Chicago Cubs

Despite adding $300 million in contracts in the offseason, Chicago needed an
umpire-directed tirade by manager Lou Piniella and a dugout fistfight to spark a
season turnaround and win the weak Central with 85 wins.

* Pitching: Chicago used just eight starting pitchers all season and finished
second in the NL in ERA and starter ERA.

* Offense: Arizona won 90 games while scoring fewer overall runs than their
opponents and having the NL's 14th-ranked offense.

* Defense: Former Braves player Mark DeRosa played mostly second for Chicago,
but also saw time at first, shortstop, right and left field.

* Key to the series: Chicago, and particularly Alfonso Soriano, must capitalize
on its power advantage.

Philadelphia Phillies vs. Colorado Rockies

This series is all about momentum. Colorado won 14 of its final 15 games ---
including Monday's wild-card tiebreaker, scoring three in the bottom of the 13
to win 9-8. Philadelphia, while benefiting from the historic collapse of New
York, won 13 of its final 17 games.

* Pitching: Cole Hamels is a legit No. 1 starter for Philadelphia, and ageless
Jamie Moyer got the Phillies' biggest win of the year.

* Offense: Led by NL batting champion Matt Holliday, Colorado led the league in
average and was second only to Philadelphia in runs scored.

* Defense: This season the Rockies had the best fielding percentage in baseball
history, according to mlb.com.

* Key to the series: Whoever gets the better starting pitching after the Game 1
matchup of Hamels vs. Jeff Francis should win.

AMERICAN LEAGUE DIVISION SERIES

BOSTON VS. LOS ANGELES

* Today: Los Angeles (Lackey 19-9) at Boston (Beckett 20-7), 6:30 p.m. TBS

* Friday: Los Angeles (Escobar 18-7) at Boston (Matsuzaka 15-12), 8:30 p.m. TBS

* Sunday: Boston (Schilling 9-8) at Los Angeles (Weaver 13-7), 3 p.m. TBS

* Monday: Boston (Beckett 20-7) at Los Angeles (Lackey (19-9), 9:30 p.m. TBS*

* Oct. 10: Los Angeles (Escobar 18-7) at Boston (Matsuzaka 15-12), 8:30 p.m.
TBS*

CLEVELAND VS. NEW YORK

* Thursday: New York (Wang 19-7) at Cleveland (Sabathia 19-7), 6:30 p.m. TBS

* Friday: New York (Pettitte 15-9) at Cleveland (Carmona 19-8), 5 p.m., TBS

* Sunday: Cleveland (Westbrook 6-9) at New York (Clemens 6-6), 6:30 p.m. TBS

* Monday: Cleveland (Byrd 15-8) at New York (Mussina 11-10), 6 p.m. TBS*

* Oct. 10: New York (Wang 19-7) at Cleveland (Sabathia 19-7), 5 p.m. TBS*

NATIONAL LEAGUE DIVISION SERIES

ARIZONA VS. CHICAGO

* Today: Chicago (Zambrano 18-13) at Arizona (Webb 18-10), 10 p.m. TBS

* Thursday: Chicago (Lilly 15-8) at Arizona (Davis 13-12), 10 p.m. TBS

* Saturday: Arizona (Hernandez 11-11) at Chicago (Hill 11-8), 6 p.m. TBS

* Sunday: Arizona (Owings 8-8) at Chicago, 1 p.m. TNT*

* Oct. 9: Chicago at Arizona, 10 p.m. TBS*

PHILADELPHIA VS. COLORADO

* Today: Colorado (Francis 17-9) at Philadelphia (Hamels 15-5), 3 p.m. TBS

* Thursday: Colorado at Philadelphia (Kendrick 10-4), 3 p.m. TBS

* Saturday: Philadelphia (Lohse 9-12) at Colorado, 9:30 p.m. TBS

* Sunday: Philadelphia (Moyer 14-12) at Colorado, 10 p.m. TBS*

* Oct. 9: Colorado at Philadelphia (Hamels 15-5), 6:30 p.m. TBS*

* if necessary

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: LENNY IGNELZI / Associated PressJosh Beckett (right, with third
baseman Mike Lowell) takes a 3.27 ERA and 20-7 record into his Game 1 start for
the Red Sox today.</ImageData* <ImageData*
Photo: CHARLES KRUPA / Associated PressYankees infielders Derek Jeter (left) and
Alex Rodriguez contribute more on offense than with their average-at-best
defense.</ImageData* <ImageData*
Photo: NAM Y. HUH / Associated PressThe Cubs' Lou Piniella was suspended four
games for this June 2 dust-up with umpires Mark Wegner (left) and Bruce
Froemming.</ImageData* <ImageData*
Photo: JEFF ROBERSON / Associated PressPhillies Game 1 starter Cole Hamels
finished the season 15-5 with a 3.39 ERA, but the 23-year-old has never faced
the Rockies.</ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            January 15, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

We asked: Which NFL team will be No. 1 after winning the Super Bowl?

BYLINE: Eric Nguyen, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; Fan Forum; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 272  words


No clear favourite

My answer: Who knows? Many sports analysts and sports commentators say that the
AFC is going to win the Super Bowl.

In my opinion, it could be any one of the teams in either the AFC or NFC -- no
one is a clear-cut favourite. The Indianapolis Colts have the explosive offence
(Peyton Manning, Marvin Harrison, Reggie Wayne, Joseph Addai) and high-

potential defence (Dwight Freeney). Baltimore has the consistency on offence
(Steve McNair) and defence (Ray Lewis); same with the San Diego Chargers (Philip
Rivers, LaDainian Tomlinson). The New England Patriots have experience (Tom
Brady) -- they know what it takes to win a championship.

In the NFC, the Chicago Bears have the great record, with their great defence
(Brian Urlacher). The New Orleans Saints have great fans and great offence (Drew
Brees, Deuce McAllister). The Philadelphia Eagles are soaring thanks to great
offence (Jeff Garcia, Brian Westbrook) and not bad defence. The Seahawks aren't
really great at anything, but having last year's Super Bowl players (Matt
Hasselbeck, Shaun Alexander) does help out a lot.

Now that I laid everything out, it should be easy to understand why everyone has
a shot at winning this title -- and it's not even "for sure" that the Super Bowl
champs will be No. 1 next season since many of the other great teams, like the
New York Giants/Jets, Denver Broncos, and Dallas Cowboys had their seasons ended
prematurely. So, in this year of 2007, the NFL playoffs should be great, since
no one is a clear-cut winner. It will be exciting to see what happens to these
playoff-bound teams this year and next.

Eric Nguyen, Edmonton

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: (See hard copy for photo description.)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 27, 2001 Tuesday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SOURCE: From our news services

SECTION: News; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 641 words


Fire crews to reopen Florida road Crews in Florida finished hauling away charred
tree stumps and mending fences along I-4 on Monday, planning to reopen the
highway that connects Orlando and Tampa today.

A 10,000-acre brush fire and several smaller fires have kept a 10-mile stretch
of Florida's main east-west corridor closed for 10 days. The blaze was 100
percent contained Monday for the first time since it broke out Feb. 16, said
Wayne Jones, a spokesman for the Division of Forestry.

Fire officials credited their ability to reopen the highway to a 3,000-foot
pipeline that has pumped 2 million gallons of water into the interstate's
median.

Confederate monument in Alabama relocated The Selma, Ala., City Council voted
5-4 Monday to move a monument to a Confederate general, Nathan Bedford Forrest,
from outside a city-owned museum to a city cemetery. Forrest was a founder of
the Ku Klux Klan after the Civil War. The council is composed of six blacks and
three whites.

Not every staffer was 'friend of Bill' According to an article to appear in the
March 5 issue of The New Yorker magazine, former President Bill Clinton's least
favorite staffers and appointees were spokesman George Stephanopoulos, FBI
Director Louis Freeh, Attorney General Janet Reno and Labor Secretary Robert
Reich. Former Nebraska Sen. Bob Kerrey told the magazine Clinton mentioned the
four --- plus a fifth person Kerrey couldn't remember --- when Kerrey and
Clinton had dinner Jan. 30 in New York.

Texas capital cancels Mardi Gras parade Police in Austin, Texas, canceled
today's Mardi Gras parade after 69 people were arrested and 31 others injured in
violence by partygoers over the weekend. Revelers hurled beer bottles and
smashed windows early Sunday, and police used tear gas and rubber bullets to
break up a crowd of about 100,000.

Young drivers may face cell phone restrictions The Tennessee Senate voted 18-12
to ban cell phone use by drivers under the age of 18. The bill still must be
considered by the House, where a subcommittee has scheduled a hearing for
Wednesday.

California student charged in fatal wreck A Hollywood director's son was charged
with four counts of murder Monday for allegedly running down several pedestrians
with his car Friday in Isla Vista, Calif. David Attias, 18, is the son of TV
director Daniel Attias and a student at the University of California, Santa
Barbara. He also was charged with vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated and
driving under the influence of drugs. His arraignment was scheduled for today.

No prosecution in home invader killing? South Carolina Attorney General Charlie
Condon, who recently declared "open season" on home invaders in South Carolina,
said he wants a murder case dropped against Lisa Mackey Gant, 36, of Walterboro,
who is accused of fatally stabbing a man who smashed through her front door.

Witness detected no gun on 'Puffy' Combs A security guard, Charise Myers,
testified Monday at the trial of rap mogul Sean "Puffy" Combs that she fell on
top of him and did not see a gun in his hand during the Manhattan nightclub
fracas that led to his arrest on Dec. 27, 1999. Three people were wounded that
night by gunfire at Club New York.

More teachers plan sickouts in Louisiana Teachers and school employees in
Rapides Parish, La., joined counterparts elsewhere in Louisiana in demanding a
pay raise by approving a two-day walkout Thursday and Friday. Sickouts have
occurred in at least 12 other parish school systems.

Idaho panel refuses to alter 'squaw' names Idaho lawmakers rejected a proposal
to change the names of Idaho locations that include the word "squaw," a term
many American Indians consider derogatory. The House State Affairs Committee
voted 10-9 to kill the resolution, which Idaho tribes had promoted.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Rescue personnel inspect the body of a person killed aboard a small boat after
it collided in heavy fog with a ferry carrying 120 passengers Monday off Marco
Island, Fla. Two other people were injured. / ERIK KELLAR / Associated Press

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday

UCLA offense tries to iron out details

BYLINE: By ROBERT KUWADA , The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 510 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Five games into the season, UCLA's offense has been outscored by five Division I
players, a group led by Texas A&M running back Jorvorskie Lane.

Lane has scored 13 touchdowns to lead the nation. Meanwhile, the Bruins have
scored only 10 offensive touchdowns -- seven coming through the air and three on
running plays.

And, to the players, the lack of production has been the result of poor focus,
execution, and scanty attention to detail. It's little things that kill drives
and could crush the rest of their season, given a difficult stretch ahead that
includes games at Oregon, Notre Dame and Cal in the next four weeks as well as a
home date against Washington State.

``We're not going to win a lot of games scoring one and two touchdowns a game,''
running back Chris Markey said. ``I just feel that we have to be more focused
when we're on the field and know what's at stake. Our defense is helping us.
They're playing amazing football, really, and we have to help them. In this
conference, in the Pac-10, we have to step it up.''

That they realize it is a plus, though turning it around might not be as easy as
breezing by Stanford or Arizona.

But at this point it is on the players to focus on offense.

``It's been on us,'' tackle Noah Sutherland said. ``The coaches have done a
great job and we've got to get the job done out there, and we're going to. Just
focus up. It's not an effort thing, but we've just got to get the details
together and get the offense clicking. On offense, everything has got to click.
On defense, one guy can make a great play and save everybody. On offense,
everybody has to be together, and we just have to get it clicking.''

Without paying attention to the details, the Bruins' Pac-10 title hopes go kaput
and their potential bowl destinations become less desirable.

There are six Pac-10 teams remaining on the schedule, including teams ranked
second (USC), third (Washington State), fourth (Cal) and fifth (Oregon State) in
the conference in scoring defense.

``We're having some growing pains as an offense right now, everybody knows
that,'' Markey said. ``It's going to take every individual on this offense to
step it up. But we know what we have to do. We're getting to the meat of the
schedule and just have to go out and perform now.''

Notes

Freshman Jeremy McGee, who was moved to cornerback from running back in fall
camp, was back in a white jersey for practice and working with the offense. ...

MLB Christian Taylor, who sprained his left ankle in the first half of
Saturday's victory over Arizona, did not practice. ``We sat him out on purpose,
just to give him another day of rest,'' Coach Karl Dorrell said. ``He can rise
up on his toes and he has some pretty good strength in that ankle, so we'll see
what he can do (today).'' ...

DT Chase Moline, who has missed the past two games because of a back injury, was
able to do some drills. ``He has a chance to play this weekend,'' Dorrell said.
...

SE Joe Cowan (knee) and CB Michael Norris (knee) also were able to do some
individual work, but are not likely to play Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Orange County Register


                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday

BRIEF: Lee County detention center employee charged with sex offenses is fired

BYLINE: Nancy McCleary, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 156 words


Sept. 22--SANFORD -- A Lee County Detention Center employee accused of sexually
assaulting a female inmate is no longer employed there.

David Adams Jr., 55, of the 1000 block of Windrace Trail in Sanford, was
terminated Friday, said Joyce McGeehee, director of Lee County Human Resources.

Adams was charged Saturday with second-degree sex offense and sex offense by a
person having custody of a victim, a Raleigh Police Department release said.

Adams was hired in November 1999 as a transportation officer in the Detention
Center, McGeehee said.

Adams is accused of assaulting the woman on Sept. 15 while taking the her to
Raleigh, police said.

Investigators determined it happened in the Raleigh city limits, the release
said.

Bail was set at $500,000.

- Nancy McCleary

___ (c)2015 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150922-FY-BRF-Lee-County-detention-center-employee-charged-with-sex-
offenses-is-fired-0922-20150922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2015 The Fayetteville Observer


                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Lawyers from The Law Offices of Deandra M. Grant, PC Among "Dallas' Best
Criminal Defense Lawyers"

LENGTH: 497  words


Collin County Criminal Defense Attorneys Deandra M. Grant and Laura Buehner from
The Law Offices of Deandra M. Grant, PC were voted by their peers for inclusion
in the 2014 list of "Dallas' Best Criminal Defense Lawyers." The names of the
honorees were posted on the list's *blog. Attorney Grant was selected as one of
the top 16 criminal defense lawyer in Dallas County for felony drug offense
cases, one of the top 10 for misdemeanor cases and one of the top 10 for DWI
cases. Attorney Buehner was one of just six attorneys to be voted a "Star on the
Rise."


According to the list's blog, the final list was compiled after weeks peer
nominations and voting by other attorneys. The finalists were chosen by case
type, with the categories including the following: murder/aggravated robbery,
felony drug offense, felony sex crime, felony, misdemeanor, federal/military
offense, family violence, DWI, appeal, crime with defendant suffering from a
mental illness and offense as a juvenile. The list also included "Star on the
Rise" honorees.
Attorney Grant is a seasoned criminal defense attorney who has received top
honors within the legal industry for her excellence in the practice of law. In
addition to being named among "Dallas' Best Criminal Defense Lawyers" for 2013
and 2014, she has also been repeatedly selected as one of D Magazine's "Best
Lawyers in Dallas," she has been repeatedly included in the Texas Super Lawyers®
list and she has been recognized as one of Texas' Top Rated Lawyers for two
years in a row. Furthermore, the attorney has been given an AV Preeminent®
rating, which is the highest of the Martindale Hubbell® Peer Review Ratings(TM).
Attorney Grant, who has experience as both a defense lawyer and a prosecutor,
has various certifications that demonstrate her advanced training in DWI testing
and forensic chromatography.
Attorney Buehner is more than eight years of experience practicing law. Ms.
Buehner practiced family law for three years before switching her focus to
criminal law. With that transition, she worked as a prosecutor in Dallas for one
year and then moved into the practice area of criminal defense. Ms. Buehner has
a Juris Doctor from Southern Methodist University's Dedham School of Law and a
Bachelor of Science in Legal Studies from Newbury College in Boston (with a
double minor in political science and English). Attorney Buehner is a member of
multiple professional organizations in Dallas, Collin County and the state of
Texas.
The Law Offices of Deandra M. Grant is a criminal defense law firm that serves
clients in Dallas, Collin and Tarrant counties. The law firm has been providing
clients with aggressive defense for two decades. Attorney Grant and her legal
team provide defense in DWI cases and a wide array of other criminal cases. More
information about The Law Offices of Deandra M. Grant is available at
http://www.texasdwisite.com .

© 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

Lawyers from The Law Offices of Deandra M. Grant, PC Among "Dallas' Best
Criminal Defense Lawyers"

LENGTH: 497  words


Collin County Criminal Defense Attorneys Deandra M. Grant and Laura Buehner from
The Law Offices of Deandra M. Grant, PC were voted by their peers for inclusion
in the 2014 list of "Dallas' Best Criminal Defense Lawyers." The names of the
honorees were posted on the list's *blog. Attorney Grant was selected as one of
the top 16 criminal defense lawyer in Dallas County for felony drug offense
cases, one of the top 10 for misdemeanor cases and one of the top 10 for DWI
cases. Attorney Buehner was one of just six attorneys to be voted a "Star on the
Rise."


According to the list's blog, the final list was compiled after weeks peer
nominations and voting by other attorneys. The finalists were chosen by case
type, with the categories including the following: murder/aggravated robbery,
felony drug offense, felony sex crime, felony, misdemeanor, federal/military
offense, family violence, DWI, appeal, crime with defendant suffering from a
mental illness and offense as a juvenile. The list also included "Star on the
Rise" honorees.
Attorney Grant is a seasoned criminal defense attorney who has received top
honors within the legal industry for her excellence in the practice of law. In
addition to being named among "Dallas' Best Criminal Defense Lawyers" for 2013
and 2014, she has also been repeatedly selected as one of D Magazine's "Best
Lawyers in Dallas," she has been repeatedly included in the Texas Super Lawyers®
list and she has been recognized as one of Texas' Top Rated Lawyers for two
years in a row. Furthermore, the attorney has been given an AV Preeminent®
rating, which is the highest of the Martindale Hubbell® Peer Review Ratings(TM).
Attorney Grant, who has experience as both a defense lawyer and a prosecutor,
has various certifications that demonstrate her advanced training in DWI testing
and forensic chromatography.
Attorney Buehner is more than eight years of experience practicing law. Ms.
Buehner practiced family law for three years before switching her focus to
criminal law. With that transition, she worked as a prosecutor in Dallas for one
year and then moved into the practice area of criminal defense. Ms. Buehner has
a Juris Doctor from Southern Methodist University's Dedham School of Law and a
Bachelor of Science in Legal Studies from Newbury College in Boston (with a
double minor in political science and English). Attorney Buehner is a member of
multiple professional organizations in Dallas, Collin County and the state of
Texas.

The Law Offices of Deandra M. Grant is a criminal defense law firm that serves
clients in Dallas, Collin and Tarrant counties. The law firm has been providing
clients with aggressive defense for two decades. Attorney Grant and her legal
team provide defense in DWI cases and a wide array of other criminal cases. More
information about The Law Offices of Deandra M. Grant is available at
http://www.texasdwisite.com .
© 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 26, 2011 Monday

Charley Walters: Tim Brewster's big regret as Gophers coach: the spread offense

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Charley Walters; Columnists

LENGTH: 1663 words


SHOOTER

Tim Brewster, fired last year midway through his fourth season as University of
Minnesota football coach, said he has one major regret about his tenure with the
Gophers.

"I made a mistake trying to bring the spread offense into Minnesota," Brewster,
talking extensively for the first time publicly since his dismissal last
October, said Tuesday.

"It wasn't the right thing to do. It helped us in recruiting; it didn't help us
on the field. That's a sincere regret that I have. I fixed it and changed. But
coming out of the gate, if I would have done the things we did in our fourth
year, we would have been much further ahead and had a much greater chance for
success."

Brewster's Gophers teams finished 15-30 overall, 6-21 in the Big Ten.

"We came in with a spread offense because we did not have the athletes we needed
to have to compete in the Big Ten, so I really felt running a spread offense
would allow us to recruit better," Brewster said. "Once we got our recruits in,
I wanted to evolve to more of a ground-based attack, what I call 'an all-weather
attack.'

"What it did, though, is get me behind the eight-ball - the time we spent on the
spread was not time well spent. That's something that I regret to this day."

Brewster said he later realized his teams needed to be a "ground-based offense,
play-action pass, and then truly build your team around the defense. The biggest
problem that Minnesota's had forever is that they haven't been able to stop
anybody.

"The biggest regret, in my mind, is that we probably could have transitioned
quicker."

These days, Brewster is a NFL and college sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
He'll work Saturday night's Texas at Iowa State game, then drive to Kansas City,
Mo., to work the sideline in the Chiefs-Vikings game Sunday afternoon.

"I'm enjoying it; it keeps me close to the game I love," Brewster said. "And I'm
around good guys - (broadcasting partners) Charles Davis and Gus Johnson are two
of the best. And Fox is a first-class operation. Next year truly becomes a
battle between Fox and ESPN for the king of college football kind of deal."

Brewster's son Nolan, who was a starting junior strong safety for Texas this
season, this week decided to quit playing football.

"A hard deal; football's been his life," Tim said. "He had a big-time concussion
last week in the UCLA game, and he had been having some contact-related
migraines. (Medical officials) have a hard time deciphering between the symptoms
of a migraine and concussion. So, is it eight migraines, or is it five migraines
and three concussions?"

Texas flew Nolan to see a specialist at the University of Michigan. After a
consultation, Nolan, who will graduate in May with a double major in business,
decided to stop playing.

"He made the right decision," his father said. "He said, 'My body was trying to
tell me something, that maybe I don't need to be doing this right now.' This is
the deal: Every time he lined up, he was playing Russian roulette. 'On this hit,
was I going to get one (concussion), get a migraine? Maybe I didn't get it on
this one, but ...' "

Brewster, who received a $600,000 contract buyout after annual compensation
worth $1 million annually, still owns a house in suburban Minneapolis that he's
renting out, has a condo in Naples, Fla., and has moved to Chapel Hill, N.C.,
where he's renting a home formerly owned by Texas coach Mack Brown.

"It's been a hard year, but it's all worked out really well," he said.

Brewster keeps track of and loves the Gophers.

"(Coach) Jerry Kill and I have had a previous friendship, and I love those
kids," he said. "Those are my kids. They had such a great opening game (a 19-17
loss at Southern California). Those kids played really well and hard. The past
couple of weeks have been unfortunate - they're going through a really hard
situation (Kill's seizure disorder) with their head coach. That's a hard, tough
deal. You'd like to see (Kill) take whatever time is necessary to fix it."

Brewster hasn't talked publicly about his dismissal by Minnesota.

"When you're as emotionally involved in a deal as I was in that one, and what
happens happens, you sometimes get caught saying the wrong thing, being
emotional about your responses," he said. "So I deliberately tried to back away
from it. It is what it is, and you move on. That's kind of where I'm at now with
it.

"I certainly still have very strong feelings about those kids I recruited to the
University of Minnesota, and want them to have success. And I met some of the
best people I've ever met in my life in Minnesota, some great, great people who
are lifelong friends.

"I loved everything about it."

Will Brewster coach again?

"We'll see; I'm a coach by nature, that's who I am, and I'm a darn good one," he
said. "I'm not a guy whose ego says I have to be a head coach. To me, it's all
about the people, so much more than it is about the job itself. If the
opportunity presents itself to work for somebody who would inspire me, fire me
up, shoot, I'd do it in a heartbeat."

Brewster's current focus is to see how good he can be as an analyst. His role
with Fox is to be a third analyst from the sideline.

"For 25 years, I watched football from the sideline," he said. "This is to
really get a coach's perspective from the field. At different points during the
game, I give my views on what's happening on the field, what I'm seeing. I'm
right where I've always been."

And what about the Vikings and the Chiefs on Sunday? Brewster hasn't lost any
hyperbole.

"It's an absolutely huge game, a playoff game (in terms) of the mentality both
teams have to take into it," Brewster said. "There's one team in National
Football League history that opened the season 0-4 and made the playoffs -
that's the 1992 San Diego Chargers."

Brewster spent three seasons as a Chargers assistant.

"I've got great experience in Arrowhead Stadium - I competed against the Chiefs
twice a year, and it's one of the toughest places in the National Football
League to play, extremely tough," he said. "To me, the Vikings will have to be
on their 'A' game.

"The Vikings need to wear Adrian Peterson out. The ball's not heavy - give it to
him a bunch. I would give it to him until he couldn't hold it anymore."

DON'T PRINT THAT

Don't be surprised if Jerry Kill is back coaching Saturday for the Gophers'
football game at Michigan, a little birdie hears.

Kill has been hospitalized at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., since
suffering another seizure Sunday. The Gophers' first-year coach, who has a
seizure disorder, apparently is feeling fine.

In retrospect, the Vikings probably did the best they could in acquiring Donovan
McNabb when they were in the quarterback market last July.

The Vikings gave a sixth-round pick to Washington in next spring's NFL draft for
McNabb, 34, and agreed to give up another sixth-rounder in 2013 based on his
performance this season. It would seem now, though, due to McNabb's
inefficiency, that the Vikings could end up retaining that 2013 pick.

The Vikings have three seventh-round picks in next year's draft. They are also
expected to end up with compensatory picks for losing wide receiver Sidney Rice
to Seattle and defensive end Ray Edwards to Atlanta via free agency.

The pick the Vikings get for Rice could be toward the end of the third or fourth
round. The pick for Edwards could be at the end of the fourth or fifth round.

As for the QB market last summer, the Vikings apparently tried to sign Tyler
Thigpen, 27, who ended up with a three-year free-agent deal as a backup in
Buffalo. Thigpen has appeared in just one game, briefly, this season.

The Vikings also were believed to be interested in Denver's Kyle Orton, 28, but
the Broncos wanted a high draft pick the Vikings were not willing to give up. In
three games this season, Orton has thrown five touchdown passes and three
interceptions and has an unimpressive 79.1 QB rating.

Matt Hasselbeck, who turned 36 on Sunday, signed a three-year deal with
Tennessee reportedly for about $21 million just before the Vikings acquired
McNabb with a renegotiated $5.05 million deal for one year. Hassebeck has thrown
five TD passes and two interceptions and has a 102.2 QB rating in three games.

At this juncture, it seems unlikely that McNabb will reach many, if any, of the
$2.2 million available in contract performance bonuses that probably are tied to
playoff appearances. McNabb is 1-8 in his past nine starts, going back to
Washington last season. This season, he's thrown two TD passes with one
interception and has a 78.1 QB rating - 30th in the NFL.

McNabb's skills clearly have eroded.

Philadelphia traded Michael Vick's backup, Kevin Kolb, to Arizona for defensive
back Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and a second-round draft pick, and gave Kolb,
27, a reported $63 million deal over five years, with $20 million guaranteed. In
three games this season, Kolb has thrown five TD passes with three interceptions
and has a 93.7 rating.

Vince Young signed a one-year free-agent deal as a backup to Vick with the
Eagles and could start against San Francisco on Sunday if Vick's injured hand
isn't healed enough to play. Young hasn't played this season.

Kerry Collins, 38, was lured out of retirement by Indianapolis when Peyton
Manning was lost because of neck surgery. Collins has been mediocre at best for
the Colts, throwing two TD passes with one interception with a 65.9 rating.

The Vikings could have retained free agent Tarvaris Jackson, 28, who got an $8
million, two-year deal from Seattle. In three games for the Seahawks, he has
thrown two TD passes with two interceptions and has a 73.7 rating.

OVERHEARD

Former Gophers football coach Tim Brewster, who will be a Fox sideline reporter
for the Vikings-Chiefs game Sunday: "The mind-set I would take going into this
game is that Adrian Peterson, who is the best running back in the National
Football League, has to make a huge contribution if the Vikings expect to win in
Kansas City."

Charley Walters can be reached at cwalters@pioneerpress.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tim Brewster, right, shown coaching the Gophers last season in a loss
to Southern California, says he wishes he would have focused on building a
stronger defense. "The biggest problem that Minnesota's had forever is that they
haven't been able to stop anybody," Brewster said

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              April 1, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

COLLEGE FOOTBALL

BYLINE: A staff and wire report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 648 words


By GREGG BECNEL

Tribune correspondent

USF Defense Shuts Down Offense

TAMPA - The University of South Florida first-team offense didn't waste any time
in trying to set the tone in Saturday's scrimmage.

On its opening series, it marched 70 yards in 13 plays to score a touchdown
against the first-team defense.

"We looked like the offense of last year," USF coach Jim Leavitt said.

But after its impressive start, the offense went into a funk and couldn't find
the end zone the rest of the scrimmage, which involved approximately 115 snaps.

"That was it [for the offense]," Leavitt said. "The defense shut them down."

New offensive coordinator Greg Gregory, who replaced Rod Smith after Smith left
to coach quarterbacks at West Virginia, wasn't happy with his unit's production.

"The offense didn't play that well," Gregory said. "We're not good enough right
now. We're a long ways away and have a lot of work to do. We're not far enough
along.

"We dropped some balls. We didn't do a great job blocking up front. We didn't
run hard enough. We forced some throws where we didn't need to. We just made too
many mistakes."

Still, Gregory understands it was the first scrimmage of the spring and knows
the offense will continue to improve with more reps.

Quarterback Matt Grothe "did some good things, but he made a number of mistakes,
as well," said Leavitt, who wouldn't comment in detail on individual
performances. Leavitt also said he was happy with the kicking of Mike Benzer and
Delbert Alvarado.

Neither Gregory nor Leavitt remembered who scored the touchdown. The scrimmage
was closed to the media. USF's spring game is April 14 at Raymond James Stadium.

RB Smith Shines In FSU Scrimmage

TALLAHASSEE - If there's anyone on Florida State's roster aware of how a
breakout spring doesn't necessarily mean an encore performance in the fall, look
no farther than No. 6.

Following a freshman season in 2005 that caused Antone Smith to contemplate
transferring because of a lack of playing time, Smith returned last spring and
earned the Hinesman Award as FSU's top offensive performer during spring camp.
But when fall rolled around, Smith was the backup tailback behind senior Lorenzo
Booker.

Smith had his moments - he rushed for a career-high 137 yards against Rice - but
as Booker capped his FSU career with an outstanding game in the Emerald Bowl,
Smith watched with his right elbow in a sling.

Three months later, and Smith was one of the stars of FSU's first full scrimmage
of spring Saturday, gaining nearly 150 all-purpose yards.

"He is getting to be more of the featured back, getting the ball all the time,"
offensive coordinator Jimbo Fisher said. "He has showed no signs of not being
that guy."

With his former coach at Pahokee High, Leroy Foster, in attendance Saturday,
Smith popped off several good runs, including a 6-yard gain with linebacker
Dekoda Watson on his back. As he prepares for what he hopes is a breakout junior
season, Smith is determined to prove he can be the engine that makes the
Seminoles' ground game move.

"I've been ready since I got here," Smith said. "It's a pleasure to have this
honor right now to be the featured back, and I'm just going to take it and do
what I do best, and that's run the ball."

Smith is listed atop the spring depth chart, with inexperienced Marcus Sims and
Jamaal Edwards behind him. For now, the Noles appear comfortable in allowing
Smith to carry the load.

Scott Carter

FLORIDA: Running back Mon Williams tore his ACL and will likely miss the
upcoming season, Coach Urban Meyer said Friday.

"It's a bad deal because he was really coming on," Meyer said. "The negative is
he's going to probably miss next year."

Williams played sparingly in a reserve role for the Gators last year.

Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

It's offense vs. defense NFL: Falcons' top ranked offense will test Patriots'
top defense

BYLINE: By Howard Fendrich AP Pro Football Writer

SECTION: SPORTS_; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 732 words


Joe Theismann knows how it feels to bring the NFL's most prolific offense into
the Super Bowl and leave with a loss.

The former Washington quarterback also knows how difficult it can be to deal
with a defense designed by Bill Belichick.

So Theismann has a couple of thoughts about what could happen in the Super Bowl
on Feb. 5, when Belichick's New England Patriots, who allowed the fewest points
during the regular season (15.6 per game), face QB Matt Ryan, wideout Julio
Jones and the rest of the Atlanta Falcons, who scored the most points (an
average of 33.8).

This is the 51st Super Bowl, and the seventh featuring the No. 1 offense against
the No. 1 defense; the "D" is 5-1 in the previous such matchups.

Also, the past seven times a season's top "O" was in the Super Bowl, it went
2-5, while the past seven times a top "D" vied for the Lombardi Trophy, it went
5-2.

Why is that?

"On offense, just generally speaking, there are more things that can go wrong
than can on the defensive side of the ball," Theismann said in a telephone
interview.

He won the Super Bowl in 1983 and lost it the following year after having
directed Washington to a then-record 541 points in the regular season.

One of his Washington NFC East rivals back then were the New York Giants, where
Belichick was the defensive coordinator during the 1985-90 seasons.

"A lot of offenses go through one or two players, and so a defense -- and Bill
is great at this -- will focus on a particular player or a particular concept
and that's where they will make sure to stop the opponent," Theismann said.

"You can't really do the same thing on offense and say, 'Who do we want to go
after?' It's tough to pick out one person. You're not going to isolate on a
particular linebacker or a corner. There is just less susceptibility to that on
defense."

In New England's 36-17 victory over Pittsburgh in the AFC title game last
weekend, for example, the Patriots made sure to limit what Steelers star
receiver Antonio Brown did.

His catches amounted to only 77 yards, with no TDs.

"Bill basically uses common sense: 'If you have one player who's really good,
let's see how you play without him.' They weren't going to allow Antonio Brown
to make plays. They said, 'Look, we're going to bump him at the line, put
somebody over the top, and you're going to have to make plays with the other
nine players.' If a defense can limit 20-25 percent of an offense by taking one
individual away from it, the pendulum swings to the defensive side," Theismann
said.

"In this Super Bowl," he added, "Julio Jones is going to get the bulk of the
attention."

Make no mistake: This is a versatile Falcons offense overseen by coordinator
Kyle Shanahan, who is expected to be hired to run the San Francisco 49ers after
this season ends and whose father Mike was the head coach of two Super Bowl
champions with the Denver Broncos.

Ryan spread out his 38 TD passes to a league-record 13 receivers. Jones is the
best of the bunch, but Mohamed Sanu, Taylor Gabriel and running backs Devonta
Freeman (who ran for more than 1,000 yards and caught 54 passes) and Tevin
Coleman (more than 500 yards rushing, more than 400 receiving) need to be
accounted for, too.

"There's not one thing that you can point out and say, 'Stop Julio Jones. Stop
Sanu. Stop the running game,'" Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower said.

Or as Belichick put it: "Every guy that gets the ball can score a touchdown from
80 yards away or more."

The Falcons (13-5) scored at least 30 points in 13 of their 18 games this
season, including the playoffs, reaching 40 a half-dozen times. During their
current six-game winning streak, they never scored fewer than 33.

"We know that they're the cream of the crop, offensively," Patriots cornerback
Logan Ryan said. "And for us, we feel like we're that, defensively."

The Patriots (16-2) allowed more than 25 points only once in their 18 games, a
31-24 loss to Seattle in November. Since then, they've won nine games in a row,
never trailing at any moment in their past seven.

"It's the best defense that we've seen in the NFL this year. The numbers show
it, and watch the film and you see exactly why their numbers are the way they
are," Shanahan said.

"They have very good players all around, players that are interchangeable, that
can be pass rushers, that can be linebackers, that can be corners, that can be
safeties. And they have an extremely good scheme."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           October 23, 2014, Thursday

Credit coaches for WVU's defensive gains

BYLINE: Dave Hickman

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 781 words


MORGANTOWN - For all of Clint Trickett's passing yards and Kevin White's
highlight-reel catches and the productive running game that complements them,
it's not the West Virginia offense that has meant the most in turning the
Mountaineers around this season.

It's what's happened on defense that matters.

That should go without saying, but often it's overlooked. That's especially true
in the Big 12, where defensive excellence is gauged far differently than some
other places in the country.

In the Big Ten or even the SEC, holding an opponent to 20 or so points is often
necessary because sometimes offenses are hard-pressed to score many more than
that. In the Big 12, pretty much anyone is capable of throwing 40 or 50 on the
board as a matter of routine, so what it takes defensively to claim an advantage
is a bit different.

Two years ago, West Virginia had Geno Smith, Tavon Austin and Stedman Bailey and
piled up both the yards and the points. But the defense couldn't stop anyone and
so scores were 70-63, 48-45, 50-49, 39-38 and the like and the Mountaineers were
often on the short end while going 7-6. Even last year, with a rebuilding
offense, WVU scored 44, 42 and 40 points and lost all three games while allowing
52, 47 and 73.

Yes, offense is important. But it's useless if your defense makes the opponent's
offense even better.

To say that West Virginia's defense has played lights out this year just
wouldn't be true. Alabama scored 33 points, Oklahoma 45, Maryland 37 and Texas
Tech 34. For all but Alabama, the numbers allowed by WVU were more than those
teams average this season.

You know there's a "but" coming here, right? Right.

But, in each of the past two games against two of the most dangerous offenses in
college football - Texas Tech and Baylor - West Virginia's defense has hit its
stride. On the road at Tech, it was in allowing the Red Raiders one meaningful
play after falling behind 24-13 midway through the third quarter. Save for a
freakish 69-yard touchdown run on a third-and-10 play, Tech got nothing. Even
when the offense gave away the ball in scoring position the result was just a
field goal.

Then Saturday against Baylor, the best offense in the country got half its usual
points and half its normal yards in a 41-27 WVU win. A year earlier the West
Virginia offense scored more points and had nearly as many yards and still lost
73-42.

So what's so different this year? Well, experience and depth are the biggest
factors, for sure. The Mountaineers have both, where the last two years they had
neither.

But don't discount a coaching staff that has made a difference, either. Last
week against Baylor, that might have been the biggest factor. First-year
defensive coordinator Tony Gibson said afterward that he wouldn't want to play
Baylor again this week and lose the element of surprise regarding how his
defense was going to approach the game. And that's all about coaching.

Here's the thing, though: What West Virginia did defensively was not radically
different than what it had done the week before in the second half against Texas
Tech. There were plans to change things up and play four cornerbacks much of the
time, but even that went out the window when both the starters were hurt.

No, what really made a difference was not what West Virginia did on defense, but
on what Baylor thought the Mountaineers were doing. The two weren't always
related.

"If you really look back on it, we were showing a lot of different stuff. But
when they would check, we would check and get back into our base stuff," Gibson
said. "We're still going to do what we do and run the stuff that we run."

In other words, if a coach were to take that game tape and break it down from
snap to tackle, would what WVU was doing against Baylor look all that different
than what should have been expected?

"Not much," Gibson said. "I mean, the second half against Texas Tech we went all
in and tried to get after them. We ran the same blitzes against Baylor."

Those are the kinds of things that the defenses of the past couple of years
couldn't do. Those guys were so busy just trying to figure out where they were
supposed to line up and being awed at the skill that was across the line that
playing games before the snap was way down there on the to-do list.

"But that has to be a big part of it. That's part of defense," Gibson said. "You
have to be able to give them the illusion that you're doing something different
than what you really are."

More often than not these days, West Virginia's defense has been able to do
that, which is why its success might not be an illusion at all.

Reach Dave Hickman at 304-348-1734 or dphickman1@aol.com or follow him at
Twitter.com/dphickman1.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            November 20, 2011 Sunday
                                  MARS Edition

AREA BRIEFS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 1388 words


CROSS COUNTRY

Bethel's Miller is 51st

Bethel's Trisha Miller finished 51st at the NAIA Cross Country National
Championships in Vancouver, Wash.

The Pilots junior clocked a time of 18 minutes, 55 seconds on the 5K course.

FOOTBALL

Tickets on sale at Penn

Tickets for Penn's Class 5-A state championship game against Carmel at Lucas Oil
Stadium in Indianapolis will be on sale at the Penn High School Athletic Office
Tuesday and Wednesday from 8 a.m. until 4 p.m. The game is Saturday at 7:05.

Cost is $15 and the ticket is good for all three state championship games on
Saturday. Stadium gates will open at 11 a.m.

Chieftains honored

League champ Dowagiac placed eight players on the Wolverine Conference
all-league football team.

Selected on offense for the Chieftains were wide receiver Dontel Highsmith,
lineman Logan Polomcak, tight end Sam Courtney and kicker Brett Scanlon.

On defense Dowagiac first teamers were end Dontrell Tucker, lineman George
Robinson, linebacker D.J. Hunt and back

Grant Hatch.

Dowagiac coach Mike Stanger was named Coach of the Year.

The lone Three Rivers first team selection was quarterback Sam Shutes.

AREA SECOND TEAM OFFENSE

Quarterback: Cal Cox, Dowagiac; Runningbacks: Logan Pellow, Dowagiac, Brendon
Murray, Dowagiac; Wide Receivber: Ryan Gard, Three Rivers; Line: Matt Dodd,
Dowagiac, Theeron Kiser, Three Rivers.

AREA SECOND TEAM DEFENSE

End: Carl Grant, Dowagiac; Linebacker Mike Brown, Three Rivers; Back: Todd
McIntyre, Dowagiac.

Seven Lancers selected

Lakeshore placed seven players on the SMAC All-West Division Football Team.

First team selections for the Lancers were lineman Kyle Spear, wide receiver
Austin Kaiser, quarterback Johnny Nate and kicker Tyler Whitwam on offense and
Kyle Carlson, Nolan Muller and Dony Harazin on defense.

Niles had four selections with flanker Ronnie Jones and running back Brandon
Partee picked on offense, lineman Quinton Irby on defense and Myles Busby as an
at large pick.

St. Joseph selections were runningback Alex Rutherford on offense and Davion
Mitchell and Riley Johnson on defense.

SECOND TEAM OFFENSE

Sean Valentine, St. Joseph; Jake Fratzke, St. Joseph; Carter Wolff, Lakeshore;
Derek Scott, Niles.

SECOND TEAM DEFENSE

Chris Ketchmark, St. Joseph; Josh Schoenplein, St. Joseph; Javonte Johnson,
Benton Harbor; Andrew Ellis, Benton Harbor; Matt Reynolds, Lakeshore; Brandon
Myers, Lakeshore; K.J. Hardin, Lakeshore; Anthoney Bice, Niles.

HONORABLE MENTION OFFENSE

Mark Cox, Lakeshore; Dawson Laney, St. Joseph; Tyler Parish, Niles; Kicker: Ryan
Kitron, St. Joseph.

HONORABLE MENTION DEFENSE

Munik Whitfield, Benton Harbor; Raheem Franklin, Benton Harbor; Josh Favorite,
St. Joseph, Kam Stortz, St. Joseph; Marcus Valentine, St. Joseph; Fritzell
Findieson, Niles; Zack Fillwock, Niles

BASKETBALL

Belles come up short

Saint Mary's came up short against Denison 81-74 in the consolation game of the
Manchester College Bankers' Classic Saturday in North Manchester, Ind.

Kelley Murphy had a game-high 23 points and nine rebounds for the Belles (1-2),
whose bench was outscored 48-4 by Denison.

Jessica Centa chipped in with 16 points and Maggie Ronan and Patsy Mahoney
cracked double digits with 14 and 13 points.

Denison also had a 30-8 edge in points off of turnovers.

Titans topple Trinity

Leah Meyer had her first career double-double with 12 points and 13 rebounds to
lead Indiana University South Bend to a 64-39 win over Trinity Christian on
Saturday.

Lizzie Stapke added 15 points and Emily Strilich had 13 as the Titans (3-4)
jumped out to an early 17-2 lead.

At Palos Heights, Ill.

IUSB (64): Lauren Adams 4 0-0 8; Emily Strilich 5 3-5 13; Lizzie Stapke 5 4-5
15; Elyse Lefebvre 1 0-0 2; Nichole Sly 2 2-2 6; Kayley Baughman 0 0-0 0; Staci
Funkhouser 2 0-0 5; Ashley Carson 1 0-0 3; Kayla George 0 0-0 0; Leah Meyer 3
6-6 12. TOTALS: 23 15-18 64.

TRINITY (39): Abby VanderWoude 2 0-1 4; Samantha Nekola 2 1-2 5; Rebecca DeHaan
1 2-2 4; Kari LeGrand 2 1-2 5; Dominique White 3 1-1 8; Jessie leyva 0 1-4 1;
Sara Losacco 1 0-0 2; Liz Iwema 0 4-5 4; Monique Calloway 3 0-0 6. TOTALS: 14
10-17 39.

Halftime score: IUSB 37, Trinity 14. 3-point goals: Trinity 1 (White), IUSB 3
(Stapke, Funkhouser, Carson). Total fouls (fouled out): IUSB 18, Trinity 17.
Records: IUSB 3-4; Trinity 3-5.

Pilots improve to 6-1

Bethel wrapped up its two-game road trip Saturday with a 75-61 win over
Purdue-Calumet.

The Pilots had a steady scoring line with five players in double figures.
Freshman Matt Schauss led the way with 16 points. Ryan Benner added 14, Cody
Cochran chipped in 11 and Landon Booker and Nick Lewis both pitched in 10.

The Pilots, who beat Judson Friday night, are now 6-1.

At Elgin, Ill.

BETHEL (75): Patrick Oetting 2 0-1 4; Cody Cochran 3 4-4 11; Landon Booker 4 2-2
10; Matt Schauss 6 4-4 16; Ryan Benner 5 0-0 14; Stephen Ward 0 0-0 0; Spencer
Krhin 0 0-0 0; Taylor Kolbus 0 0-0 0; Zach Miller 3 0-0 8; Nick Lewis 2 6-7 10;
Jordan Bowerman 1 0-0 2; Darrell Hopkins 0 0-0 0. TOTALS: 26 16-18 75.

PURDUE-CALUMET (61): Trent Tucker 0 0-0 0; Alex Richman 5 2-2 15; Andrew
Anderson 7 0-0 15; Martel Jackson 7 0-0 16; Kedric Williams 4 1-2 9; Drew Ridlen
2 0-1 4; Ty Miller 0 0-0 0; Jack Cundiff 1 0-0 2. TOTALS: 26 3-5 61.

Halftime score: Bethel 28, Purdue-Calumet 26. 3-point baskets: Bethel 7
(Cochran, Benner 4, Milelr 2), Purdue-Calumet 6 (Richman 3, Anderson, Jackson
2). Total fouls: Bethel 14, Purdue-Calumet 19 (Tucker). Records: Bethel 6-1;
Purdue-Calumet 1-6.

Johnson leads Bethel

Laura Johnson scored a game-high 25 points to lead Bethel to an 82-53 triumph
over Madonna Saturday.

Ashlee Ort added 13 points and Kristin Hicks 12 to lift Bethel to its seventh
win in eight starts this season. Michelle Lindsey led Madonna (2-3) with 14
points.

Michelle Lindsey led Madonna (2-3) with 14 points.

* BETHEL 82, MADONNA 53

At Marion

BETHEL (82): Chelsea Ward 1 0-0 2; Laura Johnson 6 8-10 25; Kristin Hicks 4 0-0
12; Georgia Boisse 1 3-5 5; Baysia Cox 2 0-1 4; Alyshia Harvey 1 0-0 2; Chrissy
Hooks 2 0-0 4; Ashlee Ort 4 4-6 13; Alyssa Toupin 2 0-1 4; Jacy Borlik 1 0-0 3;
Katy Stuppy 3 0-0 8. TOTALS: 27 15-23 82.

MADONNA (53): Erin Bentley 2 0-0 5; Shantelle Herring 2 1-2 7; Michelle Lindsey
5 3-4 14; Kaylee McGrath 4 2-4 10; Becca Wojcinski 0 0-2 0; Yazmeen Hamid 1 0-0
2; Megan Murphy 0 1-2 1; Taihlor Flaim 2 0-0 4; Katie Martin 0 2-2 2; Kristie
Porada 3 0-0 8. TOTALS: 19 9-16 53.

Halftime score: Bethel 49, Madonna 31.3-point goals: Bethel 13 (Johnson 5, Hicks
4, Ort, Borlik, Stuppy 2), Madonna 6 (Bentley, Herring 2, Lindsey, Porada 2).
Total fouls (fouled out): Bethel 17, Madonna 17. Records: Bethel 7-1; Madonna
2-3.

SWIMMING

Belles finish sixth

Audrey Dalrymple finished in second place in the 100 breaststroke in 1:10.29 to
lead Saint Mary's to a sixth-place finish at the Woehnker Invitational hosted by
Wabash College Saturday in Crawfordsville, Ind.

DePauw won the tournament with 634 points and Wheaton was second with 565.5.

Dalrymple added a fourth-place finish in the 200 breast and a seventh-place time
in the 200 individual medley.

VOLLEYBALL

Irish move into title match

Notre Dame stopped top-seeded Louisville's pursuit of a fourth straight Big East
tournament crown with a 3-1 (25-22, 22-25, 25-21, 25-19) win in semifinal action
Saturday in Milwaukee.

Kristen Dealy led Notre Dame (17-11) with 13 kills, four aces and 18 digs.

Andrea McHugh chipped in with 11 kills and eight digs for Notre Dame, which will
play either Marquette or Cincinnati for the Big East title Sunday at 4 p.m.

Pilots bow out of NCCAA

Bethel bowed out of the NCCAA Midwest regional despite two wins Saturday. Bethel
beat Cincinnati Christian, 25-20, 25-17, 25-19 before topping Cedarville, 25-20,
25-21, 22-25, 25-20.

Grace College finished 3-0 to advance to the NCCAA nationals. Bethel finishes
the season at 18-16.

* BETHEL BEAT CINCINNATI CHRISTIAN, 25-20, 25-17, 25-19

At NCCAA Midwest regional

Bethel stats

Kills: Emily Henry 9; Callie Hartman 6; Alicia Carlton 6; Blocks: Henry 5;
Lindsay Marks 3; Assists: Marks 23; Aces: Morgan Fox 3; Digs: Marks 16; Amanda
Troyer 16.

* BETHEL BEAT CEDARVILLE, 25-20, 25-21, 22-25, 25-20

Bethel stats

Kills: Emily Henry 17; Alicia Carlton 10; Aubrey Husak 10; Blocks: Husak 6;
Ashley Wagner 4; Henry 4; Assists: Fox 39; Aces: Wagner 3; Amanda Troyer 2;
Digs: Troyer 13; Fox 10.

Records: Bethel finishes 18-16.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

NO HISTORIC RESULTS FOR RECORD PAY ;
 Charlie Weis earns more than any UF assistant ever has, but offense still
stalling.

BYLINE: By JASON LIESER Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 756 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE


Florida is paying offensive coordinator Charlie Weis more than any assistant in
the history of the program.

And for $865,000 this year, the Gators got an offense that is no better than
last season. The design changed, but the results did not. The offense has scored
almost the exact number of points and totaled nearly the same yardage as it did
in 2010.

"We have new plays and new schemes, and we were put in new situations," running
back Jeff Demps said. "I can't say the offense was better or worse than it was
last year."

Demps had trouble discerning the difference because it is minimal. Florida
averaged 25 points per game last year, compared with 24.7 this season. The total
offense is a negligible 3 yards worse than last year's.

Turnovers, sacks allowed and plays of 20 yards or more are virtually the same.

That is the biggest reason Florida is 6-5 as it heads into Saturday's
regular-season finale against Florida State (7p.m., ESPN2). The Gators were
dysfunctional offensively in losses to Alabama, LSU, Auburn, Georgia and South
Carolina, while their defense played well enough to beat those last three teams.

"Offense, defense, special teams -- we're certainly not pleased with the season
in any respect," coach Will Muschamp said when asked if he was happy with the
job Weis has done.

"It's totally unacceptable here at Florida, and I realize that.

"Regardless of the circumstances, regardless of youth, injuries -- we can go
through the laundry list of reasons. At the end of the day, they're excuses and
we need to play better."

Florida had significant injuries, most notably the high ankle sprain that kept
starting quarterback John Brantley out for most of October.

The Gators also began the season with three new starters on the offensive line.
Aside from that, most of the personnel is the same as in 2010.

The schedule was harder this year, too. Alabama, LSU, Georgia, Tennessee, South
Carolina and Vanderbilt are better defensively.

There are only a few meaningful improvements for this team in its first year
under Weis, who came in from the Kansas City Chiefs and signed a three-year
contract worth a total of $2.6 million:

ZThe passing offense is up from 184.3 to 195.6 yards per game.

ZThe Gators have scored on 88 percent of their red-zone trips, compared with 71
percent last year.

ZReceivers are averaging 3.4 more yards per catch.

However, there are an equal number of drop-offs from an offense that already
seemed to be at the bottom a year ago. The ground game slipped from 166.5 yards
per game to 152.2. It is the second-worst offense in the SEC on third down,
converting 32.6 percent, compared with 38 percent last season.

The biggest problem, the one Weis and Muschamp repeatedly lamented, is that
Florida has scored touchdowns on just 48.5 percent of its red-zone trips, which
is last in the SEC. The red-zone offense also was dreadful last year, but still
managed touchdowns on 60 percent of its opportunities.

"That's the frustrating thing," Weis said. "We get down on the 2-yard line and
end up having to settle for three. Get down on the 5-yard line and have to end
up settling for three. Those types of things are frustrating, yes."

Weis has been critical of himself throughout the season. In September, when the
team was 3-0 and rolled up 113 points in those wins, he offered a litany of
shortcomings that bothered him.

He also admitted he did not have a good contingency plan for when Brantley was
injured against Alabama, leaving backup Jeff Driskel with little chance of
success.

Weis later joked about how brutal it was reviewing game film of the Gators'
winless October, saying, "I have sore eyes because I've been watching the stuff
I've been putting out there."

He has been using a cane on the sideline because of hip pain the past two games
and mocked himself by saying fans must have thought he was loopy on painkillers
during Florida's 17-12 loss at South Carolina.

"We're 6-5 and had a bunch of games where we didn't score very many points," he
said. "Anyone that comes off a season sitting 6-5 and says they're happy with
how things have gone is really setting the bar awfully low."

~jason_lieser@pbpost.com

Downward trend

The Gators' offense has declined sharply since 2009 (points per game do not
include points scored by the defense and special teams):

2009 2010 2011

Average points scored 33.4 25.0 24.7

Total offense per game 457.9 350.8 347.8

Passing yards per game 236.1 184.3 195.6

Rushing yards per game 221.8 166.5 152.2

Red zone scoring pct 76% 71% 88%

Red zone TD pct 51% 60% 49%

Plays of 20+ yards 83 49 49

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Florida State at Florida  7 p.m. Saturday, ESPN2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 15, 2006 Sunday

Maybe a boring coach is the problem

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 473 words


Q: If a team takes on the character of its coach, isn't it possible that this is
just a boring team because Brad Childress is a boring guy? Their approach to the
game reminds me of a dim Labrador I once had who kept banging his head against a
door when he couldn't get in. His buddy, a smart Shepherd, banged it once or
twice, then went looking for another way in. Sometimes dogs are good teachers.

Dr. K, Bemidji, Minn.

A: You don't need a head coach with a sparkling personality to have a dynamic
offense (see Don Coryell), but I think the majority of fans would still prefer a
boring winner to a high-scoring loser. Besides, as the owner of a Lab mix, I
know first-hand that simple can be lovable.

Q: I have seen a great number of comments (one from me, even) about the
lackluster offense. I think I have a nickname for them. The "Prevent Offense."
Its purpose is to prevent scoring. And as we can see objectively from the
statistics, it works. What do you think?

Jeff, Omaha, Neb.

A: I like it. Not as catchy as Air Coryell or The Greatest Show on Turf, but if
the nickname fits...

Q: Do you think the owner might get involved to try to improve our offense, such
as they did with the special assistants for Mike Tice? I think it's clear the
play calling is too predictable.

Fernando , Los Angeles

A: I don't see Childress asking for coaching help, the way Tice did last season,
or Zygi Wilf getting involved. This is Childress' team and it's on him to get
the offense going.

Q: Don, can the Vikings hire a new offensive coordinator? I mean, one that can
think on the fly? Brad and Darrell (Bevell) seem to be able to come up with
great schemes when they script the first series in the confines of Winter Park,
but once the offense retakes the field and the other team's defensive
coordinator has made adjustments, the offense is pathetic. It doesn't seem like
Brad and Darrell are readjusting very well in the offense/defense chess match
that goes on. Do the Vikings need someone more creative on the offensive side of
the ball? How can they make more drives as good as the first drive of the game?

Erick, Minneapolis

A: Childress' answer would be to quit committing penalties and dropping passes,
but the Vikings' first-drive success is interesting, especially when you
consider how ineffective they have been after that in most games.

Q: It seems all my fellow Vikings Fans are only looking for flash and show. If
we had Randy Moss and Terrell Owens we would be scoring some points and we could
cheer like crazy, and still lose the games. Football is a game of blocking and
tackling. That moves the football and stops the other team. I say we give BC a
chance. He understands blocking and tackling. Can we?

Naplestom, Naples, Fla.

A: I bet your favorite ice cream is vanilla, too. No, seriously, it's nice to
hear from the Just Win Baby minority.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   OCTOBER 22, 2003 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

Eagles' misery loves company of bumbling rivals

BYLINE: Ashley McGeachy Fox INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1000 words


They are worse than the Cincinnati Bengals, the NFL's gold standard for
futility. And the Chicago Bears. And the Detroit Lions.

Yes, things are so bad with the Eagles that they are dead last, in the cellar,
with nowhere to go but up in total offense and, to add insult to injury, in
passing offense. In six games, the Birds have managed 246.8 offensive yards per
game, while Detroit (267.2), Cincinnati (294.8) and Chicago (253.7) have posted
better numbers.

Lions and tigers and bears, oh my.

While the sky is black in Philadelphia - Just how do Andy Reid and Donovan
McNabb get up every morning? - a funny phenomenon is ongoing elsewhere in the
NFL. Seventeen teams have a worse record than the Eagles do at 3-3.

Not surprisingly, that list includes the Lions, the Bengals and the Bears.
Surprisingly, it also includes San Francisco, Green Bay, Oakland (the Super Bowl
runner-up), and the New York Jets.

And don't look now, but the New York Giants and once-hot Washington Redskins are
trailing the second-place Eagles in the NFC East.

So as bad as it is here, as brutal as it has been to watch Reid's dull offense,
the Birds are in the upper echelon of the NFL.

Astoundingly, they are two games behind the upstart Dallas Cowboys, and tied
with the defending world champion Tampa Bay Buccaneers for fifth place in the
NFC (although, if the playoffs were held today, the Bucs would beat out the
Birds by way of a tiebreaker).

If somehow the Eagles can get their act together on offense and continue to
improve on defense - they are sixth against the run and 15th overall - all might
not be lost.

This is far from the start the Birds envisioned two months ago. Far from
satisfactory. Far from acceptable.

But things aren't as bad as they could be. Want proof?

Look north.

After his team's collapse Sunday, Giants coach Jim Fassel again is a breath away
from unemployment. In what is being called the Philly fiasco, the Giants allowed
Brian Westbrook to cut through their punt coverage and dash 84 yards for a
touchdown that gave the Eagles an undeserved 14-10 win Sunday. The loss dropped
New York to 2-4, a position from which it never has made the playoffs.

On Monday, Giants general manager Ernie Accorsi was asked about Fassel's job
status. Accorsi refused to comment, saying only that no change would be made,
even though the Giants' offense has scored just two touchdowns in the last three
games.

Said Fassel during his media session Monday: "There's not an attitude with this
team, or me, that all hope is lost. You can make fun of that all you want."

Think things are bad here? Look south.

Steve Spurrier isn't living la vida loca down in D.C. After starting the season
3-1, his Redskins have dropped three straight games, including a 27-25 loss to
the Eagles. Spurrier's offense has plummeted from first overall to 17th, and his
defense, once in the top 10 in the league, is 22d.

After losing at Buffalo, 24-7, on Sunday, Spurrier's frustration reached a peak
when he barked: "If we have a bunch of guys not [playing hard], then we'll go
out on the street and pick up guys who will play hard. . . . I've been
frustrated a lot before, but this is a low one."

Think things are bad here? Just for kicks, look west.

Yes, Bill Parcells is the second coming of George Bush in Texas. His 'Boys have
five straight wins for the first time since 1994 and, after six games, have
matched their victory total for each of the last three seasons. But their five
wins have come against teams with a combined 9-21 record, including the Eagles.

The road ahead is tougher. Sunday at Tampa. Then home against Washington and
Buffalo. At New England. Then the Panthers and Dolphins before a trip to the
Linc.

On Monday, typically a day off for the players, Parcells had his group run
suicide drills. Five of 'em. Just for kicks.

Maybe the old coach was guarding against a letdown. Maybe he thought his players
were getting cocky. Maybe, knowing the schedule, he wanted to keep them sharp so
they don't have a precipitous drop like that of the Eagles.

In a lot of areas, including their record, things could be worse for the Birds.
Improve the offense a little and things might get a lot better.

Westbrook's return. His game-winning touchdown against the Giants was nominated
for the NFL play of the week. Fans can select their favorite play of the weekend
on nfl.com/playoftheweek, and the results will be announced tomorrow.

Contact staff writer Ashley McGeachy Fox at 215-854-5064 or
amcgeachy@phillynews.com.

Overcoming the Offense

The Eagles managed just 134 net yards of offense Sunday against the New York
Giants but still came away with a victory that evened their record at 3-3. Since
1960, the Birds have won only four games in which they have collected 134 net
yards or less. Here is a look at those unlikely victories.

Date Opponent Yards Score

Oct. 19, 2003 N.Y. Giants 134 14-10

Dec. 11, 1977 N.Y. Giants 108 17-14

Oct. 31, 1971 Denver 123 17-16

Nov. 6, 1966 Dallas 80 24-23

Donovan's Dreadful Day

Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb threw for just 64 yards Sunday against the New
York Giants, his least productive passing performance since his fifth career
start, against Dallas, during his rookie season of 1999. Seven quarterbacks
threw for more yards on one play Sunday than McNabb's total for the day. There
were also three rushing plays, one fumble return, and one punt return that
produced more yardage than McNabb did with his nine completions.

Player Team Yardage

Brian Westbrook Eagles 84-yard punt return

Tom Brady New England 82-yard pass

Jon Kitna Cincinnati 82-yard pass

Najeh Davenport Green Bay 76-yard run

Jeff Garcia San Francisco 75-yard pass

Brad Johnson Tampa Bay 75-yard pass

Kyle Boller Baltimore 73-yard pass

LaDainian Tomlinson San Diego 70-yard run

Aaron Brooks New Orleans 69-yard pass

Warrick Dunn Atlanta 69-yard run

Dre Bly Detroit 67-yard fumble return

Jake Delhomme Carolina 67-yard pass

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Eagles Journal

GRAPHIC: PHOTO AND CHART;
RON CORTES, Inquirer Staff Photographer
New York's Michael Strahan wraps up Donovan McNabb in the closing seconds of the
opening half at Giants Stadium.
CHART
Overcoming the Offense
Donovan's Dreadful Day

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Aiming to take the desert by storm

BYLINE: John Henderson

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 616 words


Arizona State's Todd Graham and his new archrival, first-year Arizona coach Rich
Rodriguez, have added another dash to the fast-tempo, no-huddle makeup of the
Pac-12. Guess where Graham first got the idea for his no-huddle philosophy.

Rich Rodriguez.

It was 1993. Graham coached East Central of Ada, Okla., into the NAIA Division I
national championship game against Rodriguez's Glenville (W. Va.) State. It was
Graham's No. 1-ranked defense vs. Rodriguez's No. 1 offense.

East Central won 49-35, but Graham learned a lot watching Glenville run the
no-huddle offense for the first time.

"I was just fascinated by how difficult that pace was," Graham said on Tuesday's
Pac-12 Conference call. "It doesn't really matter what kind of offense you're
running. I'd be fast-paced no huddle no matter what. The origins of me doing it
go back to that game."

Graham made his name at Tulsa, where the Golden Hurricane led the nation in
total offense in 2007 and 2008. Rodriguez, of course, later lifted West Virginia
to within one loss to Pittsburgh from the BCS championship game in the 2007
season. New Washington State coach Mike Leach's Texas Tech teams led the nation
in passing six times. Arkansas State coach Gus Malzahn was Graham's offensive
coordinator at Tulsa and later was the offensive coordinator for Auburn, No. 7
nationally in total offense, which beat Oregon, No. 1, for the 2010 national
title.

"That got a lot of people's interest," Graham said. "But it is hard. I'll tell
you what happens. People will go to it and they'll abandon it because it's not
this quick, magical thing that happened. It takes time.

"It'll take us three years to get in shape to run the pace we want to run."

Riley will call plays. Oregon State opens against visiting Wisconsin on Saturday
and head coach Mike Riley will call the plays instead of offensive coordinator
Danny Langsdorf. Riley didn't say whether it's because the Beavers' offense last
year ranked 118th in rushing (86.9), 100th in scoring (21.8) and 73rd in total
offense (373.7).

"Yes, I'm going to, at least the ones that gain yards," Riley said jokingly.
"You know what? It's a total deal where I called plays for 12 years and then I
just kind of missed it. Our guy here, Danny Langsdorf, has done a great job.
He's called a lot of great games for the Beavers. I'll be on the phones with him
and we'll work together.

"I thought if I'm going to answer to any of these things I might as well call
them."

Tedford unhappy with D. Welcome to the new renovated Memorial Stadium, folks.
Good to see the same ol' disappointing Cal team too.

The Golden Bears spoiled their stadium celebration by watching Nevada roll up
and down the field in a 31-24 victory. Nevada had 460 yards of total offense and
doubled Cal on the ground, 220-110.

Nevada won the game on Stefphon Jefferson's 2-yard run with 36 seconds left,
culminating a 61-yard, 2:48 drive.

"We couldn't get off the field on third down," Cal coach Jeff Tedford said.
"They put long drives together and twice we (were in) our territory and we lost
two fumbles. We got the ball on the ground six times and only came up with one
(Nevada) fumble. We need to get to the ball better."

Fourth and short.Arizona State is 7-0 at home versus Big Ten teams. It hosts
Illinois on Saturday. ... Oregon scored TDs on its first seven drives against
Arkansas State, averaging 1:32 per drive. ... USC's Matt Barkley has thrown four
TD passes in each of his past three games. ... Washington State plays Eastern
Washington, from Cheney only 70 miles north of Pullman, for the first time since
1908. WSU won that game 73-0 and won in 1907, 46-0.

John Henderson: 303-954-1299, jhenderson @denverpost.com or twitter.com/
johnhendersondp

LOAD-DATE: September 08, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 22, 1994, Tuesday

Around the South REGION IN BRIEF Judge tells the guilty to go to church

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 452 words


A Louisiana judge defended his policy of sentencing defendants to attend church
after a hearing Monday on a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union
to stop the practice.

"I'm not going to stop until the courts tell me I've got to," said City Judge
Thomas P. Quirk of Lake Charles, who says he has sentenced as many as 350
defendants, including drunken drivers, to attend church for a year. Quirk
acknowledged that he should have pointed out that he was not forcing any of the
defendants to attend church. "I did not always make that clear, and I should
have. So that's shame on me," the judge said.

George Thompson of Sulphur said he received the order to attend church after the
Safety Council of Southwest Louisiana decided he had not met all conditions of
his sentence for a 1993 drunken driving conviction. "Mr. Thompson . . . asked an
employee of the Safety Council what kinds of churches they would accept to
satisfy the terms of his sentence," the lawsuit said. "The employee responded,
'It had better be a Christian church.' "

Quirk, however, says he never specified any church.

KEEP MOVING: The two riverboat casinos operating in Orleans Parish, La., have
been told that they must actually set sail, as required by law, or shut down.
District Attorney Harry Connick Sr. issued the order in a move that apparently
is meant to ensure that New Orleans hangs on to $ 100 million a year in taxes
that Harrah's Jazz will have to pay when it sets up a land-based casino in the
Big Easy. Eight of the state's nine riverboat casinos have not been leaving
docks, citing poor weather, hindrances in Lake Pontchartrain or heavy traffic on
the Mississippi River. Riverboat captains face misdemeanor charges for not
complying.

LAME DUCK REFUSING TURKEY? Soon-to-be former Alabama Gov. Jim Folsom apparently
isn't in the mood for a big feast Thursday. He reportedly has been ducking
attempts by farmer Bill Bates of Fort Deposit to deliver a dressed turkey to the
state's first family, something Bates has done ever since Folsom's daddy - Big
Jim - sat in the governor's chair. Of course, back then Bates, 70, wasn't a
Republican. Now he's chairman of the Republican Party in Lowndes County. The
only time a turkey wasn't delivered to an Alabama governor for Thanksgiving was
in the late 1960s, when Lurleen Wallace was fatally ill with cancer.

ELSEWHERE

The crawfish season opened in Louisiana as burley tobacco went to market in
Tennessee and Kentucky. . . . Carrying signs reading "Heritage Not Hate" and
"Southern and Proud," 300 people rallied Sunday in Bladenboro, N.C., to support
a man fired for refusing to remove a Confederate flag decal from his toolbox.

Compiled by Mike Smith

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943290275

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

Ohio State offense needs to find some answers soon

BYLINE: Jim Naveau, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 692 words


Sept. 20--COLUMBUS -- Where has Ohio State's offense gone and how can the
Buckeyes get it back?

That was the question of the day after Ohio State struggled to a 20-13 win over
Northern Illinois on Saturday. And, after sub-par offensive performances in
back-to-back games, it is becoming the question of the season.

Who are these guys? And what have they done to Ohio State's offense?

Ohio State gained more than 500 yards of total offense in six of its last eight
games last season and never dropped below 416 yards in those games.

Saturday, OSU had only 298 yards of offense, its lowest total since producing
293 yards at Penn State on Oct. 25, 2014.

With seven returning offensive starters, a healthy Braxton Miller and two good
quarterbacks, it was a legitimate expectation that OSU's offensive machine would
continue to roll along.

After the offense gained 572 yards in the opener at Virginia Tech, the
expectations probably got even higher. But since then Ohio State's offense has
struggled in five or six of the eight quarters it has played.

Urban Meyer acknowledged the offense is a big question mark after Saturday's
game.

"I know there are going to be a million questions about the offense. And there
should be," the Ohio State coach said. "There's a little discombobulation that's
got to get worked out. We've got good players, good coaches and a good scheme."

The unsettled quarterback situation, with Cardale Jones starting and J.T.
Barrett looking over his shoulder, is the most often cited reason for the
offense's problems.

But it is almost certainly more complicated than that. The downward trend
appears to be affecting everything about the offense, not just one position.

"It's just really frustrating, knowing what we're capable of and what we can do
to teams and we're just not playing up to that level," offensive tackle Taylor
Decker said.

Running back Ezekiel Elliott said, "I think this is one of the best
personnel-based teams in the nation. But right now we're not playing like it."

If an offense is a complex machine which needs all its parts working together
and it's not just the quarterbacks, what are some of the other possible reasons
OSU's offense has done so much less than expected lately?

Maybe, just like a good quarterback can make receivers look better, good
receivers can elevate a quarterback's game.

Ohio State lost a second-round NFL draft choice (Devin Smith), a third-round
draft choice (Jeff Heuerman) and a sixth-round draft choice (Evan Spencer) from
its passing game. And Noah Brown, who was impressive in preseason practice was
lost for the season because of a broken leg.

So far, no one has stepped up and made themselves a go-to guy among the
receivers. And the quarterbacks have not done a good job of getting the ball to
the receivers.

Since the opener, the offensive line has not dominated consistently, like it did
the second half of last season, despite returning four of five starters.

Could several coaching transitions also be playing a role in the confusion Meyer
called discombobulation?

When Tom Herman, the offensive coordinator for Meyer's first three seasons at
Ohio State, took the head coach's job at Houston, it started a staff shake-up.
Offensive line coach Ed Warinner added offensive coordinator to his duties and
former Nebraska offensive coordinator Tim Beck came to Columbus as quarterbacks
coach and co-offensive coordinator.

The overall offensive scheme Ohio State runs is Meyer's. But where Hermann might
be missed most is as quarterbacks coach. Preparing Barrett and Jones to be the
No. 1 quarterback on short notice was not something everyone could have done.

Also, the Buckeyes have a new running backs coach, Tony Alford.

Whatever the reasons, Ohio State needs to get it fixed if it is going to live up
to expectations.

"Right now we're not the No. 1 team in the country. We're not playing like it.
But we have the potential to be the best team in the country. But right now
we're not," Elliott said.

Reach Jim Naveau at 567-242-0414 or on Twitter at @Lima_Naveau.

___ (c)2015 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150920-LM-Ohio-State-offense
-needs-to-find-some-answers-soon-0920-20150920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2015 The Lima News


                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 10, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

Changes Put Maryland on the Attack

David Nakamura, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. G03

LENGTH: 648 words


For the first time in Coach Mark Duffner's tenure, the Maryland football team
appears to have more questions on offense than on defense as it heads into the
1996 season.

The Terrapins return eight defensive starters, but there is a sea change
underway on offense. Duffner and offensive coordinator Dan Dorazio are revamping
the attack, moving from a run-and-shoot set to a more traditional I-formation.

"Everything evolves," Dorazio said yesterday as the Terrapins gathered at Byrd
Stadium to meet the media. "We think at this point in time the best thing we can
do on offense is be a little more multiple from a formation standpoint. That
gives us the ability to run the football."

The Terrapins first showed their new offense late this past season. After
getting shut out in back-to-back losses to Clemson and Louisville, Maryland came
out against North Carolina State Nov. 4 in the I-formation. It worked, as the
Terrapins gained 137 rushing yards and beat the Wolfpack, 30-13.

During spring practice, the Terrapins honed the offense. Senior Mario Chavez, a
backup defensive lineman, has been installed as the fullback, while juniors Tim
Brown and Josh Hough are battling for the tight end position. Junior quarterback
Brian Cummings says he likes the new offense. But don't think the run-and-shoot
is completely gone.

"We haven't scrapped all that yet," Dorazio said. "The run-and-shoot's been good
to us. There are some things we've done in the past that are still with us."

Learning From His Mistake

Senior wide receiver Mancel Johnson will be a part of the new offense -- but not
until the third game of the season against Virginia on Sept. 14. Duffner
suspended Johnson for two games after Johnson was involved in a series of thefts
in dormitories last spring.

Johnson, who caught 30 passes for 359 yards and three touchdowns this past
season, said he completed a community service program that he agreed to
participate in as part of a court settlement. Johnson said he then asked Duffner
to reinstate him for the first two games, but Duffner said no.

"I was kind of upset that I didn't get my two games back, but I guess I still
violated team rules," said Johnson, who can practice with the team. "It kind of
upset me that I even got involved in something like that. But I learned from it.
. . . It helped me grow. I can't wait to get back. When I play against Virginia,
it's going to be all out."

Ogle Returns to Start

When redshirt sophomore linebacker Kendall Ogle tackles junior running back
Buddy Rodgers in practice, it's more than a routine tackle. The two arrived at
Maryland as highly touted freshman tailbacks two years ago. But Rodgers played
well early, and Ogle was relegated to backup duty. This past season, Ogle
switched to defense, but he sat out the entire season because of academic
problems.

Now, Ogle is back. At 220 pounds, he's 20 pounds heavier than he was two years
ago. And he's smiling because he's penciled in as the starting outside
linebacker.

"My mind-set is defense now, but I do sometimes miss running the ball," Ogle
said. "Me and Buddy are good friends, so I don't think about the rivalry we had
as freshmen. But I have hit him pretty good a few times."

Playbill or Play Ball?

Senior Orlando Strozier, who played quarterback for three quarters in the
Terrapins' victory over Tulane this past season after Cummings was injured, is
competing for playing time at cornerback this season. But Strozier already has
had a lot of "play time."

A theater major, Strozier took part in a university production of "The Ties That
Bind," a play by Regina Taylor that follows the rise of a black man to financial
success. Strozier played a character who reminds the lead character "not to
forget where he came from." Strozier said theater, not football, is where his
future lies: "That's what I want to do -- act."


LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, james m. thresher, They can ham it up now, but the Terrapins
probably won't be goofing around when the season kicks off Aug. 31.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   February 28, 1991, Thursday, City Edition

Club owner gets 35 years on sex charges

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

BYLINE: DAVID CONYERS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; STATE DIGEST; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 550 words

DATELINE: BRADENTON; PORT ORANGE; SANTA ROSA BEACH; JACKSONVILLE



A man who owned a Bradenton racquetball club and volunteered his time to coach
children pleaded no contest to charges of sexually molesting some of his players
and was sentenced to 35 years in prison. Pat Powers, 44, was charged with
molesting 11 boys and girls from 1986 to 1989 when he owned the PRP Racquetball
Club. He had been scheduled to stand trial this week on 33 counts of committing
lewd and lascivious acts against children under 16 and faced a potential life
sentence if convicted. In his plea Tuesday, prosecutors dropped 27 of the
charges and backed off an earlier demand for 60 years in prison. Powers' 35-year
sentence is to be followed by house arrest for one year and probation for 54
years effectively, for the rest of his life. He also was ordered to leave
Florida after his prison release.
 Deputy seizes $ 97,400 in traffic stop
 PORT ORANGE A sheriff's deputy given permission to search a car he stopped on
Interstate 95 confiscated $ 97,400. The seizure of the cash was made under
Volusia County Sheriff Bob Vogel's campaign to confiscate money from drug
smuggling suspects.  Deputies said Tuesday neither the driver of the car, James
DeLoach, 25, Scotia, S.C., nor his passenger, Barbara Graves, 39, Savannah, Ga.,
would claim ownership of the money, found in a suitcase. They were not charged
with any crime. The department has confiscated $ 926,753 from motorists stopped
for minor traffic violations in Volusia County so far this year, officials said.

 Often-damaged bridge replaced
 SANTA ROSA BEACH A high-rise replacement for a Panhandle drawbridge that has
been repeatedly struck by barges will be dedicated Friday, state transportation
officials say. The new $ 24.1-million bridge on U.S. 331, which opened Tuesday,
gives barges more clearance. Collisions with the old bridge have resulted in
detours of about 60 miles for vehicle traffic while repairs were made. It is the
only bridge spanning Choctawhatchee Bay, which divides Walton County. The old
drawbridge was closed for three months in late 1989 and early 1990 by the latest
of the barge collisions. A bridge tender was killed in a 1974 ramming that
closed the bridge for a year. A year after it reopened the bridge was stuck
again, closing it for 13 months. It also was rammed in 1986 and closed for two
weeks. The bridge will be dedicated to the late Circuit Judge Clyde B. Wells of
DeFuniak Springs, who was killed in an airplane crash last year in Pensacola.
 Teacher accused of drug dealing
 JACKSONVILLE A Coral Springs High School teacher and assistant football coach
was indicted by a federal grand jury Wednesday on cocaine trafficking charges.
James Fitzgerald, 37, of Coral Springs was charged with one count of conspiracy
to distribute cocaine and two counts of possession of 2 kilograms of cocaine
with intent to distribute it, said Robert Genzman, U.S.  attorney for the Middle
District of Florida. If convicted, Fitzgerald faces a minimum of 10 years in
prison and $ 4.5-million in fines. The case will be prosecuted in Jacksonville.
The indictment alleges that beginning in 1982 Fitzgerald was involved in a
cocaine organization

X that operated in Florida, Alabama, Michigan, New York, South Carolina, Ohio
and elsewhere.
 Compiled by DAVID CONYERS from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           December 27, 2011 Tuesday

Utah must stop triple-option in Sun Bowl

LENGTH: 353 words


EL PASO, Texas ? Utah head coach Kyle Whittingham faces a difficult challenge in
Saturday's Sun Bowl as the Utes must find a way to stop Georgia Tech's
triple-option offense. "Fortunately we have a little background in it having
come from the Mountain West and playing Air Force every year for many years,"
Whittingham said Tuesday.

"But in all those years, you never truly stop an option offense; you just try to
slow it down." Whittingham was blunt: "The best way to do that is to try to
control the ball with your own offense and keep theirs on the sideline." Georgia
Tech enters the game with the third-ranked rushing offence in the country (316.8
yards per game). The Yellow Jackets led the ACC in rushing offense, scoring
offense (34.92 points per game) and total offense (459.58 ypg). Georgia Tech
junior quarterback Tevin Washington gained 890 yards rushing with 14 touchdowns
during the season. Even though the Yellow Jackets have not thrown a touchdown
pass since Oct. 1, Washington has an efficiency rating of 153.5 on the season
and connected with Stephen Hill four times in the end zone. Hill boasts a
reception average of just over 30 yards on 26 receptions. "They don't throw it a
lot, 12 to 15 times a game, but they get exactly what they need out of the throw
game efficiency wise," Whittingham said. Georgia Tech head coach Paul Johnson,
too, is fully aware of the challenges his Yellow Jackets will face. "I think the
defensive line is as good as we've played against or better or possibly better
than anyone we've played, so that will be a challenge for us," Johnson said.
Much of the defensive pressure upfront has come as a result of the efforts of
defensive linemen Star Lotulelei and Derrick Shelby, who combined for 83 tackles
and 6.5 sacks. "Lotulelei is certainly a good player," Johnson said. "(Derrick)
Shelby, (Dave) Kruger up front, they are all good players. Anytime you start
naming individual guys, you're going to leave somebody out, and I think you have
to give them credit as a whole. They play really good together as a defensive
unit, but these guys upfront certainly stick out."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    July 7, 2005 Thursday WISCONSIN EDITION

PAROLED SEX OFFENDER CAN BE COMMITTED TO HOSPITAL FOR NON-SEXUAL OFFENSE
OFFENDER'S ENTIRE HISTORY SHOULD BE WEIGHED TO DETERMINE LEVEL OF DANGER, COURT
SAYS

BYLINE: TODD RICHMONDAssociated Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 538 words


MADISON, Wis. -- Sexually violent offenders who have their prison releases
revoked can be committed to mental hospitals even if their new offenses weren't
overtly sexual, the state Supreme Court ruled Wednesday.

The court ruled mental health experts, juries and judges must weigh an
offender's entire history when deciding whether he is dangerous under Chapter
980 of state law. Under that statute, those found to be a sexually violent
offenders can be committed for treatment after their prison terms end.

The high court affirmed a ruling by the 3rd District Court of Appeals. That
court rejected convicted sex offender Thomas Bush's argument that the state must
prove sex offenders released from prison but sent back behind bars committed a
dangerous sexual offense in order to send them to a mental hospital.

"Ultimately, the question is 'simply whether it is ... probable that the person
will engage in acts of sexual violence without regard to any specific
restrictions, supervision or time frame,' " the Supreme Court said.

Bush had been convicted of numerous offenses, many of them sex crimes, since
1966 in Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin, according to the Supreme
Court decision. He was convicted in Wisconsin in 1988 of attempted sexual
assault after he went into a nursing home and tried to sexually assault an
elderly patient.

He was paroled from prison in 1992 and allowed to attend a sex offender program
in Atlanta, Ga. He finished the program but was arrested for drunken driving. He
was brought back to Wisconsin and his parole was revoked.

After he returned to prison, the state petitioned to name him a sexually violent
offender and confine him to a mental hospital, and he was eventually committed
despite his appeals of jury verdicts that went against him.

Bush petitioned to be released in 2002, basing his argument on a Washington
state Supreme Court ruling. That decision said when a sex offender's release
into the community has been revoked for a nonsexual offense, the state must show
the offender committed a sexually overt act in order to commit him to a mental
hospital.

Bush argued Wisconsin's law violates his constitutional right to due process
because it doesn't require the same thing.

But the Wisconsin Supreme Court refused to adopt the Washington court's
rationale.

The court said Bush wrongly assumes that someone who is paroled isn't dangerous,
and the U.S. Supreme Court hasn't set out strict boundaries on how to determine
what's necessary to confine someone.

Offender evaluation is not an exact science, and judges and juries should
include the offender's historical behavior pattern and character traits, the
court said.

Bush's attorney, Robert LeBell, said he was disappointed.

"But I understand the Supreme Court's rationale," LeBell said. He didn't return
a later message seeking comment on whether he may appeal in federal court.

Kelly Kennedy, a spokesman for the state Department of Justice, which defended
the state in the appeal, said the decision was the right one.

"We're pleased with the decision," Kennedy said. "We think mental health experts
should be able to look at the totality of a person's sexually violent history"

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: WISCONSIN SUPREME COURT

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Bears winning with Kyle points;
'D' down, but Orton delivering

BYLINE: Skip Wood

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1329 words


CHICAGO -- When Chicago Bears quarterback Kyle Orton walked into his postgame
news media session after Sunday's wild 48-41 win vs. the Minnesota Vikings, he
would have had every reason to do so with the swagger one would expect from the
leader of an offense that has become the face of a franchise long associated
with punishing defense.

Instead, the 25-year-old former Purdue star was bland and matter-of-fact. He
deflected praise about his play and appeared to have scant interest in
discussing what he has done in this, his first full season as a starter after
two years of relative inactivity. He started three games at the end of last
season.

Yet he entered the game eighth in the league in passing yards and added 282
against the Vikings, finishing with a 114.5 passer rating. Two weeks earlier, in
a win against the Detroit Lions, he had a career-high 121.4 passer rating. He
hasn't thrown an interception in his past 116 attempts.

Basically, the quarterback is driving the Bears, helping to compensate for an
uncharacteristically spotty defense beset by injuries. Orton and the offense are
the primary reason this team is 4-3 and tied with the Green Bay Packers atop the
NFC North as it heads into a bye week.

"I think the best attribute with Kyle is that he is a smart, heady,
above-the-neck football player," Lions defensive coordinator Joe Barry said
before Orton's impressive showing in a 34-7 win at Detroit on Oct.5. "He knows
how to manage a game; he knows how to not screw things up."

After a Week 1 victory against the Indianapolis Colts, Orton and the Bears
dropped back-to-back games against the Carolina Panthers and Tampa Bay
Buccaneers by a combined six points.

Things seemed to turn around in a Sunday night game against the Philadelphia
Eagles in Week4. Orton overcame four turnovers against a tenuous Eagles defense
to lead his team to a 24-20 victory.

From there, the offense really clicked as it sandwiched decisive conference wins
against Detroit and Minnesota around a heart-breaking 22-20 loss to the Atlanta
Falcons.

Asked about the unexpected surge on offense and his play so far, he  shrugged.

"Uh, you know, I don't think a lot of people were expecting it, to this extent,
at this point in the season," Orton said. "But we've just got a bunch of guys
out there that make plays."

Putting up numbers

In a city former Bears wideout Mushin Muhammad once described as the place where
wide receivers go to die, the fourth-year quarterback and his offense suddenly
are hot commodities.

Orton threw for a career-high 334 yards in that win at Detroit, best in the NFL
that week. In the loss two weeks ago at Atlanta, he took Chicago 77 yards with
2:43 left and completed the drive with a go-ahead 17-yard scoring pass with 11
seconds remaining. But that gave Atlanta just enough time to spoil Orton's
would-be grand finish.

"Right now he's definitely a guy that's controlling the game," Atlanta defensive
back Lawyer Milloy said of Orton. "He's not losing the game for them. He's
keeping them in every game, and I think as the weeks go on and he progresses,
they're taking more and more shots with him."

The loss to the Falcons isemblematic of the Bears' season. The offense gave the
team the lead late, but the defense didn't hold it.

Chicago has been riddledwith injuries on that side of the ball and ranked 27th
against the pass entering Sunday's action. The secondary hasn't been healthy for
most of the season. Three of the four starters -- cornerbacks Nathan Vasher and
Charles Tillman and safety Danieal Manning -- missed the Minnesota game.

But, for now, the story in Chicago remains the man throwing the passes, not
those trying to bat them down.

"We feel he's turned into one of the top five guys in the league," tight end
Greg Olsen said of his quarterback. "He's a guy who has a total command of the
game plan and the offense.

"And, really, a lot of the coaching's on him. When they send the plays in ...
it's up to him to make the right decisions. In the first part of the season, he
almost always has."

Such as when wide receiver Marty Booker dropped two potential touchdown passes
in the first half against the Vikings. Booker said the first thing Orton told
him was that he'd be coming back to him and to get ready. Booker rewarded his
quarterback's faith with a 51-yard touchdown catch in the third quarter.

"It's been unbelievable," he said, shaking his head. "When you get a guy like
that, making plays each week and throwing the ball all over the place, it's
huge. And his confidence is remarkable. When guys get their confidence going,
they start to soar."

Back from the bench

To think this is the player who spent all of 2006 on the bench and played last
season only because of an injury to Rex Grossman.

Guard Roberto Garza isn't surprised about what has transpired. "Not at all," he
said. "We saw what he did as a rookie. We knew what he had -- what we had (in
him)."

As a rookie, Orton -- a fourth-round pick in the 2005 draft -- was forced to
start immediately because Grossman, a first-rounder in 2003, suffered a broken
ankle. He started 15 games and the Bears won the division title, but Orton
completed 52% of his passes with nine touchdowns to go with 13 interceptions.

Grossman healed in time for the playoffs, and Orton took a seat. Grossman beat
the Green Bay Packers 24-17 in Week17 in Lambeau Field, but faltered in a 29-21
divisional round playoff loss to Carolina, connecting on 17 of 41 passes for 192
yards, a touchdown and an interception.

Orton kept that seat until late last season, when another injury to Grossman
finally opened the door again.

Orton made the most of it, leading the Bears to a 2-1 record to end the season
and playing well enough that coach Lovie Smith came to a decision. The Bears
entered minicamps and, ultimately, training camp with a full-fledged quarterback
competition. May the best man win.

That man proved to be Orton.

He supplanted Grossman, who had a defense in 2006 that helped make up for his
wildly inconsistent play and lead the Bears to Super Bowl XLI, where they lost
to the Colts and Peyton Manning 29-17. Grossman took a lot of heat from fans and
the Chicago news media for his streaky play. He had five games that season in
which he threw three or more interceptions, and he recorded one 300-yard game.
Many seemed to think Chicago made the Super Bowl in spite of Grossman and not
because of him.

Last year, Orton watched Grossman and Brian Griese swap the job for the better
part of the season. But Griese was traded to Tampa Bay last March, and the
competition between Grossman and Orton officially began.

In the first couple of preseason games, the Bears actually flipped a coin to
determine which quarterback would start.

All of which left Grossman slightly miffed.

"This will be my fifth year with this coaching staff," he told reporters in
August after a loss to the Seattle Seahawks. "I think they should know about me.
... I've been in the dark this whole time about how they are going about this."

Two days later, his world became a little darker, and Orton's became
considerably brighter, when Smith officially made Grossman the backup.

After Sunday's win, Smith did his best to temper, if not downplay, the rush to
glorify Orton's start -- although he did allow, "He's making all the right
decisions and distributing the football."

Pressed about Orton's progress, Smith cautiously elaborated. "He's playing
well," he said. "It seems like each week he takes another step, and that's what
you like to see."

As far as Garza is concerned, Orton already has made all of the progress he
needs to make in one aspect of his game.

"He was an instant leader," the veteran lineman says, "and he's giving us our
direction."

If that's so, Orton appears to want to do it away from the personal spotlight.

"It's a group effort," the quarterback says. "It doesn't matter if we're getting
cheered or we're getting booed.

"Whatever the case is, everybody's got all 11 guys in there together trying to
get it done."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bears rack up Kyle points;
Usually tough 'D' down, but Orton has Chicago tied atop NFC North

BYLINE: Skip Wood

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1328 words


CHICAGO -- When Chicago Bears quarterback Kyle Orton walked into his postgame
news media session after Sunday's wild 48-41 win vs. the Minnesota Vikings, he
would have had every reason to do so with the swagger one would expect from the
leader of an offense that has become the face of a franchise long associated
with punishing defense.

Instead, the 25-year-old former Purdue star was bland and matter-of-fact. He
deflected praise about his play and appeared to have scant interest in
discussing what he has done in this, his first full season as a starter after
two years of relative inactivity. He started three games at the end of last
season.

Yet he entered the game eighth in the league in passing yards and added 282
against the Vikings, finishing with a 114.5 passer rating. Two weeks earlier, in
a win against the Detroit Lions, he had a career-high 121.4 passer rating. He
hasn't thrown an interception in his past 116 attempts.

Basically, the quarterback is driving the Bears, helping to compensate for an
uncharacteristically spotty defense beset by injuries. Orton and the offense are
the primary reason this team is 4-3 and tied with the Green Bay Packers atop the
NFC North as it heads into a bye week.

"I think the best attribute with Kyle is that he is a smart, heady,
above-the-neck football player," Lions defensive coordinator Joe Barry said
before Orton's impressive showing in a 34-7 win at Detroit on Oct.5. "He knows
how to manage a game; he knows how to not screw things up."

After a Week 1 victory against the Indianapolis Colts, Orton and the Bears
dropped back-to-back games against the Carolina Panthers and Tampa Bay
Buccaneers by a combined six points.

Things seemed to turn around in a Sunday night game against the Philadelphia
Eagles in Week4. Orton overcame four turnovers against a tenuous Eagles defense
to lead his team to a 24-20 victory.

From there, the offense really clicked as it sandwiched decisive conference wins
against Detroit and Minnesota around a heart-breaking 22-20 loss to the Atlanta
Falcons.

Asked about the unexpected surge on offense and his play so far, he  shrugged.

"Uh, you know, I don't think a lot of people were expecting it, to this extent,
at this point in the season," Orton said. "But we've just got a bunch of guys
out there that make plays."

Putting up numbers

In a city former Bears wideout Mushin Muhammad once described as the place where
wide receivers go to die, the fourth-year quarterback and his offense suddenly
are hot commodities.

Orton threw for a career-high 334 yards in that win at Detroit, best in the NFL
that week. In the loss two weeks ago at Atlanta, he took Chicago 77 yards with
2:43 left and completed the drive with a go-ahead 17-yard scoring pass with 11
seconds remaining. But that gave Atlanta just enough time to spoil Orton's
would-be grand finish.

"Right now he's definitely a guy that's controlling the game," Atlanta defensive
back Lawyer Milloy said of Orton. "He's not losing the game for them. He's
keeping them in every game, and I think as the weeks go on and he progresses,
they're taking more and more shots with him."

The loss to the Falcons isemblematic of the Bears' season. The offense gave the
team the lead late, but the defense didn't hold it.

Chicago has been riddledwith injuries on that side of the ball and ranked 27th
against the pass entering Sunday's action. The secondary hasn't been healthy for
most of the season. Three of the four starters -- cornerbacks Nathan Vasher and
Charles Tillman and safety Danieal Manning -- missed the Minnesota game.

But, for now, the story in Chicago remains the man throwing the passes, not
those trying to bat them down.

"We feel he's turned into one of the top five guys in the league," tight end
Greg Olsen said of his quarterback. "He's a guy who has a total command of the
game plan and the offense.

"And, really, a lot of the coaching's on him. When they send the plays in ...
it's up to him to make the right decisions. In the first part of the season, he
almost always has."

Such as when wide receiver Marty Booker dropped two potential touchdown passes
in the first half against the Vikings. Booker said the first thing Orton told
him was that he'd be coming back to him and to get ready. Booker rewarded his
quarterback's faith with a 51-yard touchdown catch in the third quarter.

"It's been unbelievable," he said, shaking his head. "When you get a guy like
that, making plays each week and throwing the ball all over the place, it's
huge. And his confidence is remarkable. When guys get their confidence going,
they start to soar."

Back from the bench

To think this is the player who spent all of 2006 on the bench and played last
season only because of an injury to Rex Grossman.

Guard Roberto Garza isn't surprised about what has transpired. "Not at all," he
said. "We saw what he did as a rookie. We knew what he had -- what we had (in
him)."

As a rookie, Orton -- a fourth-round pick in the 2005 draft -- was forced to
start immediately because Grossman, a first-rounder in 2003, suffered a broken
ankle. He started 15 games and the Bears won the division title, but Orton
completed 52% of his passes with nine touchdowns to go with 13 interceptions.

Grossman healed in time for the playoffs, and Orton took a seat. Grossman beat
the Green Bay Packers 24-17 in Week17 in Lambeau Field, but faltered in a 29-21
divisional round playoff loss to Carolina, connecting on 17 of 41 passes for 192
yards, a touchdown and an interception.

Orton kept that seat until late last season, when another injury to Grossman
finally opened the door again.

Orton made the most of it, leading the Bears to a 2-1 record to end the season
and playing well enough that coach Lovie Smith came to a decision. The Bears
entered minicamps and, ultimately, training camp with a full-fledged quarterback
competition. May the best man win.

That man proved to be Orton.

He supplanted Grossman, who had a defense in 2006 that helped make up for his
wildly inconsistent play and lead the Bears to Super Bowl XLI, where they lost
to the Colts and Peyton Manning 29-17. Grossman took a lot of heat from fans and
the Chicago news media for his streaky play. He had five games that season in
which he threw three or more interceptions, and he recorded one 300-yard game.
Many seemed to think Chicago made the Super Bowl in spite of Grossman and not
because of him.

Last year, Orton watched Grossman and Brian Griese swap the job for the better
part of the season. But Griese was traded to Tampa Bay last March, and the
competition between Grossman and Orton officially began.

In the first couple of preseason games, the Bears actually flipped a coin to
determine which quarterback would start.

All of which left Grossman slightly miffed.

"This will be my fifth year with this coaching staff," he told reporters in
August after a loss to the Seattle Seahawks. "I think they should know about me.
... I've been in the dark this whole time about how they are going about this."

Two days later, his world became a little darker, and Orton's became
considerably brighter, when Smith officially made Grossman the backup.

After Sunday's win, Smith did his best to temper, if not downplay, the rush to
glorify Orton's start. Though he did say, "He's making all the right decisions
and distributing the football."

Pressed about Orton's progress, Smith cautiously elaborated. "He's playing
well," he said. "It seems like each week he takes another step, and that's what
you like to see."

As far as Garza is concerned, Orton already has made all of the progress he
needs to make in one aspect of his game.

"He was an instant leader," the veteran lineman says, "and he's giving us our
direction."

If that's so, Orton appears to want to do it away from the personal spotlight.

"It's a group effort," the quarterback says. "It doesn't matter if we're getting
cheered or we're getting booed.

"Whatever the case is, everybody's got all 11 guys in there together trying to
get it done."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, John Gress, Reuters
PHOTO, B/W, Bob Donnan, US Presswire

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Flagler County News of Record

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1410  words


NEWS OF RECORD


COUNTY JAIL DOCKET

Alexandria Albano, 22, Palm Coast, driving with expired license more than four
months; Luis Andujar, 33, Palm Coast, violation of probation felony offense (2);
Willie Appiah, 25, Palm Coast, failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Ralph
Barnes, 36, Palm Coast, out-of- county warrant, battery domestic violence,
tampering with a witness; Joseph Beams, 33, Palm Coast, failure to appear
misdemeanor offense; Mellanese Becton, 48, Jacksonville, shoplifting/retail
theft, giving false name while detained, resisting merchant; Howard Bell, 38,
Port Orange, failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Jamal Bell, 24, Palm Coast,
resisting arrest without violence, DUI; Tiffany Bernstein, 25, Winter Garden,
Fla., failure to appear felony offense; James Bickel, 41, Daytona Beach, failure
to appear felony offense; Angela Boyd, 41, Palm Coast, tampering with a witness,
battery domestic violence; Erin Bracken, 30, Palm Coast, uttering forged
instrument; Aaron Campbell, 39, Palm Coast, violation of injunction of
protection, possession of firearm/ammunition/electric devices by a convicted
felon (2); Teddy Clairmont, 34, Palm Coast, dealing in stolen property,
defrauding pawnbroker; Travis Clouse, 32, Palm Coast, domestic battery by
strangulation, battery domestic violence; Fernando Diamantino, 53, Palm Coast,
criminal violation of injunction for protection; Tomas Diaz, 64, Miami,
aggravated assault; Christopher Dugent, 38, Palm Coast, battery domestic
violence, domestic battery by strangulation; Barbara Emery, 75, Palm Coast, DUI;
James Freeman, 46, Palm Coast, DUI; Kelsey Fynan, 25, Palm Coast, possession of
drug paraphernalia; Jessica Gravell, 26, Palm Coast, serving sentence for court;
Justin Grubbs, 27, Palm Coast, violation of probation felony offense; Jeanette
Hadden, 35, transient, out-of-county warrant; David Harris, 25, Palm Coast,
violation of probation felony offense, aggravated assault/domestic violence,
driving with a suspended license with knowledge; Tiffany Hars, 27, Interlachen,
Fla., violation of probation misdemeanor offense; Jean Hawkins, 33, Flagler
Beach, attaching tag not assigned, driving an unregistered vehicle; Rhiannon
Herline, 31, Palm Coast, DUI; Kaitlyn Holbrook, 20, Palm Coast, failure to
appear misdemeanor offense; Earl Hughes, 52, Palm Coast, violation of probation
felony offense; Amanda Jacks, 26, Bunnell, felony criminal mischief; Eunice
Jackson, 43, Bunnell, grand theft, fraudulent use of a credit card; Leslie
Jackson, 55, Bunnell, possession of drug paraphernalia, violation of pretrial
release (misdemeanor); Charles Jordan, 32, Bunnell, possession of MDMA Ecstasy,
possession of cocaine with intent to sell, DUI; Raymond Jozefek, 53, Palm Coast,
out-of-county warrant; Michael Kampbell, 51, Palm Coast, violation of pretrial
release (felony); Stephanie Kellinsky, 25, Palm Coast, out-of-county warrant;
Cody Lynch, 22, Palm Coast, violation of probation misdemeanor offense; James
Manning Jr., 33, Bunnell, violation of probation misdemeanor offense; Akeda
Marcano, 22, Palm Coast, failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Steven
Mastriacovo, 33, Palm Coast, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of
legend drug without a prescription, possession of a controlled substance without
a prescription; William Medders, 20, Bunnell, violation of probation misdemeanor
offense, out-of-county warrant; Vyacheslav Menschikov, 46, Palm Coast, failure
to appear misdemeanor offense; Frederick Middleton Sr., 56, Palm Coast, failure
to appear misdemeanor offense; Mikhail Mochalkin, 29, Palm Coast, driving with
license suspended/revoked/canceled; Abraham Mol, 22, Palm Coast, carrying
concealed firearm; Josephine Morea, 46, Palm Coast, violation of probation
felony offense, felony petit theft; Danielle Morecraft, 52, Bunnell, violation
of pretrial release (misdemeanor); Carlos Moreno, 27, Palm Coast, violation of
probation felony offense; James Nonn, 21, Palm Coast, failure to appear
misdemeanor offense; Gilbert Nunnally, 51, Orlando, violation of probation
felony offense; Austin Olensky, 19, Holly Hill, possession of marijuana (20
grams or more); Byron Ortiz, 48, Orlando, failure to appear misdemeanor offense;
Rafael Osorio, 28, Jacksonville, failure to appear (2); Elizabeth Patton, 41,
Palm Coast, failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Claudia Payes, 34, Palm
Coast, violation of probation felony offense; Marquez Peck, 22, Palm Coast,
petit theft, burglary; Michael Perrotta, 23, Palm Coast, DUI; Janice Petrillo,
62, Bunnell, DUI; David Pope Jr., 19, Palm Coast, violation of probation felony
offense, grand theft (from building), resisting arrest without violence,
possession of marijuana under 20 grams; Martin Poposki, 22, Palm Coast, DUI;
Joel Pratts, 38, Orange City, failure to appear felony offense; Crystal
Richelle, 30, Port Orange, violation of probation felony offense, grand theft
over $300, resisting merchant; Jayson Riddle, 37, transient, organized fraud
less than $20,000, uttering forged bills, checks, drafts or notes, grand theft
over $300; Madeline Rivera, 42, Palm Coast, out-of- county warrant; Andrea
Robinson, 37, St.

Augustine, violation of probation misdemeanor offense; Joseph Rozensky, 26, Palm
Coast, failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Michelle Sheffield, 38, Palm
Coast, failure to appear misdemeanor offense; Kyle Smith, 20, Palm Coast,
possession of marijuana (20 grams or more); Jasmine Stokes, 21, Palm Coast,
out-of-county warrant; Shawn Stone, 24, Ormond Beach, out-of-county warrant (5);
Gage Summa, 18, Palm Coast, possession of hashish (2), possession of marijuana
under 20 grams; Mathew Talacko, 24, Palm Coat, inhalation of dangerous chemical,
resisting arrest without violence, possession of drug paraphernalia; Elizabeth
Tremoglie, 30, Palm Coast, grand theft, resisting arrest without violence;
Arryngton Turner, 22, Palm Coast, out-of-county warrant; Claire Vandiver, 21,
Crescent City, Fla., DUI; Elvia Vazquez, 83, Bunnell, assault/domestic violence;
Latasha Vilomar, 35, Palm Coast, driving with a suspended license with
knowledge, giving a false name while detained; April Vicente, 33, Palm Coast,
possession of controlled substance without a prescription, possession of
marijuana under 20 grams, possession of drug paraphernalia, battery domestic
violence; Cory Waring, 39, Palm Coast, trafficking cocaine, possession of
cocaine with intent to sell, possession of marijuana (20 grams or more),
trafficking cocaine, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of
methamphetamine; Kimberly Westerhouse, 29, Bunnell, possession of drug
paraphernalia, possession of a controlled substance without a prescription.

SUITS

Lakeside by the Sea Homeowners Association Inc. v. Eunice Austin, real property.
Bank of New York Mellon Trustee v. Shandra Maddox, real property. Ameris Bank v.
Freddy Martinez, real property. Deutsche Bank Trust Co. Americas v. Irina
Schilling, real property. Nationstar Mortgage LLC v. Rose Celenza, real
property. James B. Nutter and Co. v. Estate of Eugene Beinert, real property.
Space Coast Credit Union v. Peter Petroski, real property.

LIENS

Pine Lakes Homeowners Association of Palm Coast Inc. v. Sun West Mortgage Co.
Inc., $1,825. Cinnamon Beach at Ocean Hammock Condominium Association Inc. v.:
Harrigan Road Real Estate LLC, $777; U.S. Bank NA, $6,781. Florida Office Park
Condominium Association Inc. v. Coyaba Holdings LLC, $3,113. Marco Enterprises
Services Inc. v.: Carlos Pacheco, $950; Joao Da Silva, $1,850; Anes Barros,
$2,800.

TAX LIENS

Internal Revenue Service v.: Marc Dwyer, $8,579; Arnold Wilson, $12,096; Rene
Tellier, $60,845.

MARRIAGES

Randy Walworth and Stacy Kettel, both of Palm Coast. Denise Sicola and Maryann
Budnick, both of Beverly Beach. Maria Socorro and Cheryl Petersen, both of Palm
Coast. Blanca Haney and Cheryl Crosley, both of Palm Coast. Juan
Bartolome-Hernandez and Brianne Stubblefield, both of Palm Coast. Barton
Delaforce and Millicent Cinotti, both of New Smyrna Beach. Monica Betancourt and
Melissa Santos, both of Palm Coast. Adam Doroski, Flagler Beach, and Sara
Buckland, Palm Coast. Joel Baker and Stepfanie Olson, both of Palm Coast. Jansen
Stamps and Megan Bearden, both of Atlanta, Ga.

DISSOLUTIONS

Felicia v. Jeffrey Beals. Travis v. Alissha Clouse. Alexandria v. Armando Cass.
Brismaida Penuela v. Luis Vega. Valerie v. James Turner. Danielle Collins v.
John Bokanoski. Deborah v. Kenneth Evans. Arianne v. Marvin Brown. Joanne v.
David Nance.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2015 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2015 News-Journal Corporation


                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 21, 2014 Tuesday
                              TUE REGIONAL Edition

Seattle has look of title team

BYLINE: The Denver Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 602 words


"Powerhouse."

That's the choice word linebacker Danny Trevathan uses to describe the Broncos'
opponent in Super Bowl XLVIII.

That would be the Seattle Seahawks, a team featuring a brash, punishing defense,
an efficient and at times explosive offense, and a swagger that's impossible to
ignore.

"Their defense is live. Their offense is live," Trevathan said Monday, a day
after the Broncos defeated New England 26 16 in the AFC championship game. "They
can get going anytime. We've got to prepare for everything. It's going to be a
good Super Bowl."

The Broncos have emerged as slight, early favorites for the Feb. 2 game at
MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J.

Seattle (15 3) was the top playoff seed in the NFC, Denver (15 3) the top seed
in the AFC. The Seahawks were ranked first in the 32 team NFL in pass defense,
total defense and scoring defense during the regular season. The Broncos were
first in pass offense, total offense and scoring offense.

The Seahawks, who led the league with 28 interceptions, have the most talented
and deepest secondary in pro football. "The Legion of Boom" is led by boastful
cornerback Richard Sherman, who made headlines Sunday night with a postgame rant
in which he repeatedly taunted San Francisco wide receiver Michael Crabtree,
calling him "mediocre."

Yes, Sherman talks a lot, but he backs it up.

"He's not an all pro cornerback for no reason," said Broncos tight end Julius
Thomas.

Seattle cornerback Byron Maxwell has played like a Pro Bowler since replacing
the suspended Brandon Browner. Safeties Kam Chancellor and Earl Thomas are big,
fast and physical.

Seattle's offense is nowhere near as proficient as the one Peyton Manning
directs for Denver, but it can be explosive. Running back Marshawn Lynch ran for
109 yards on 22 carries against the 49ers. His 40 yard touchdown run in the
third quarter tied the score 10 10 and lifted the Seahawks when young
quarterback Russell Wilson was struggling.

Asked what first sprang to his mind when he thought about facing the Seahawks,
Trevathan quickly said: "Marshawn Lynch. That was the first person that came to
my mind. I grew up watching him. (Their offense) is athletic all the way around.
If they get their running game going, they can be really strong."

Denver coach John Fox praised the Seahawks, who throttled the Broncos 40 10 in a
preseason game. But Fox didn't talk specifics Sunday.

"I know they're a great football team," he said. "I think (coach) Pete Carroll
and his staff have done a terrific job. They've been the No. 1 seed all through
the NFC for at least the last six, eight weeks.

"I know they got after us pretty good when we were out there in the preseason.
We haven't dug into them too in depth yet, but anytime you reach a championship
game the world championship game usually the opponent is pretty good."

In the case of the Seahawks, pretty good would be a major understatement.

Patrick Saunders: psaunders@denverpost.com or twitter.com/psaundersdp

Beating Seattle

Patrick Saunders breaks down five keys for the Broncos to win Super Bowl XLVIII
on Feb. 2:

1) Protect the football. Seattle led the NFL with a plus 20 turnover margin and
picked off 28 passes.

2) Protect Peyton Manning and give him a fighting chance against Seattle's
vaunted secondary.

3) Contain powerful running back Marshawn Lynch, who has averaged 5 yards per
carry in two playoff wins.

4) Force second year quarterback Russell Wilson into mistakes. Wilson is a
smart, tough leader, but far from a polished quarterback.

5) Match Seattle's intensity, but stay cool in the face of the Seahawks' trash
talking.

Patrick Saunders, The Denver Post

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 6, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

Richt quickens Bulldogs' pace

BYLINE: MARK SCHLABACH

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 750 words


Athens --- It was 1992 and then-Florida State offensive coordinator Mark Richt
was befuddled about the play of his quarterback, Charlie Ward, who had eight
interceptions in the first two games.

Things only got worse in October that year, when the Seminoles lost to Miami
(Fla.) and were forced to scrap their high-octane passing attack for a more
traditional running game against North Carolina. Ward was benched in FSU's 36-13
victory over the Tar Heels, and again the following week when the Seminoles
trailed Georgia Tech 21-7 early in the fourth quarter.

Out of desperation, Richt transformed his two-minute offense into a 14-minute
offense against the Yellow Jackets. Ward, back in the game and working in a
no-huddle, shotgun formation, led the Seminoles to two 80-yard scoring drives.
With 1 minute, 48 seconds left, he threw a 17-yard touchdown pass to Kez
McCorvey on fourth-and-5 for a 29-24 victory in Bobby Dodd Stadium.

When Richt returned to Tallahassee that night, his wife, Katharyn, made a
suggestion.

"Did you ever think about starting the game with the no-huddle?" she asked.

Thus, the birth of Richt's "Fast Break Offense."

FSU shelved the experiment the following week because of inclement weather in
Virginia, but the Seminoles set an ACC record with 858 yards when the new
offense debuted in a 69-21 win over Maryland. Florida State scored 70 points
against Tulane the next week, and then closed the 1992 regular season with a
45-24 win over Florida.

Ward was the 1992 ACC Player of the Year and won the Heisman Trophy the
following year. The no-huddle offense helped the Seminoles win two national
championships in Richt's final eight seasons at FSU.

"The no-huddle is great when you're moving the ball," Richt said. "If you're
going three-and-out, three-and-out, you're going to have about 37 seconds of
time of possession. You're defense is going to have to go right back out there."

Richt's no-huddle offense made its debut at Georgia in last week's 45-17 victory
over Arkansas State. In Richt's first game as a head coach, the Bulldogs tallied
598 yards offense, their highest total since a school-record 667 yards against
Southern Mississippi in 1993.

"When we started preseason camp, I told the coaches, 'Everything we do is going
to be no-huddle and we're going to do it as fast as (the players) can handle
it,' " Richt said. "I still don't know how good we'll be at it."

Georgia quarterback David Greene, a redshirt freshman making his first career
start, completed his first 11 passes and threw for 285 yards and two touchdowns
against the Indians.

After each play, Greene gets signals from running backs coach Tony Pierce on the
sideline. There are 10 signals for line protection, and another 200 for the
offensive plays. Georgia's offense includes about 20 formations.

"All offseason, we've been getting ready for the no-huddle," Georgia offensive
tackle Jon Stinchcomb said. "It's in our conditioning. If you're in better
physical shape than your opponent, it's going to present some problems. Arkansas
State had some problems with cramping and they weren't rushing the passer as
much late in the game."

Greene said Richt had scripted the first seven or eight series of the Arkansas
State game, but Richt ultimately selected plays after the first two drives. One
risk of the no-huddle is that opponents might be able to steal the signals.

"The biggest disadvantage is when the other side is listening well and can pick
up what your plays are," Florida coach Steve Spurrier said. "Most people have
the same numbering system."

Richt said your signals can be stolen even if you use a huddle.

"If you send your plays in huddle situations, you've got a problem," Richt said.
"There's less to worry about in a no-huddle. When we're signaling our plays in,
the defense better be signaling theirs in."

Richt said he doesn't know how effective the no-huddle offense will be in
Saturday's SEC opener against South Carolina. The Gamecocks don't substitute on
defense, so there's less of a chance of catching them off-guard.

"We could sub all we want and (South Carolina) doesn't care," Richt said.
"They're just going to stay in there. We can get into all kinds of motions and
formations that we want, and there's still not many adjustments that they need
to make.

"It diminishes the no-huddle to a certain degree," Richt said. "One of the
advantages of it is taken away. There's a chance we won't see quite as much of
it."

LOAD-DATE: September 06, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic:
SATURDAY'S GAMES
GEORGIA VS. SOUTH CAROLINA
> When; where: 7:45 p.m.; Sanford Stadium, Athens.
> TV; radio: ESPN; WSB-AM (750).
GEORGIA TECH AT NAVY
> When; where: noon; Navy-Marine Corps Stadium, Annapolis, Md.
> TV; radio: Fox Sports Net; WQXI-AM (790). Photo:
David Greene, taking directions from Mark Richt, completed his first 11 passes
against the Indians. / RIC FELD / Associated Press

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday

COTTON BOWL: Tech coach answers critics of his pass-happy attack

BYLINE: Parrish Alford, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 510 words


Dec. 31--DALLAS -- Already known for his offense, Texas Tech coach Mike Leach
went on the attack at Tuesday's Cotton Bowl news conference on that very
subject.

Speaking like a man who's heard criticism about his approach before, Leach
belittled what he described as coaches who hide behind a more traditional style.

Leach's No. 8-ranked Red Raiders (11-1) head into Friday's Cotton Bowl against
No. 20 Ole Miss (8-4) ranked first in the county in pass offense and fourth in
scoring offense.

Leach believes his quarterback, Graham Harrell, should have won the Heisman
Trophy, and he has a receiver in Michael Crabtree who won the Biletnikoff Award
not once but twice.

High-ranking offense has been the Texas Tech M.O. since Leach took over in
Lubbock for the 2000 season.

"When you have success on offense, all of a sudden it's a gimmick. There's a
whole bunch of these that run between the tackles that are knighted as the Saint
of Offense."

He says the criticism comes from other coaches as a defense mechanism.

"It's like, If we wanted to score 40 points a game we would, we just want to do
this.' No, you don't want to do that, you just don't have any imagination.
That's just an alibi for your failure to score as many points as somebody who
does."

Ole Miss coach Houston Nutt calls Tech's passing offense the best he's ever
seen.

His only approach to counter it, he says, has been to work his players hard in
practice and expose them to Tech's style the best that he can. In fact, that's
been his biggest challenge.

"We don't have a Michael Crabtree running routes every day, and that makes a
difference. All of a sudden, Jan. 2 gets here, and that receiver running routes
has a different speed," Nutt said.

The Ole Miss offense has surged of late, putting up 76 points in its last two
games.

Rebels quarterback Jevan Snead, a native of nearby Stephenville, Texas, finished
the regular season as the SEC's third-rated passer behind such notables as
Florida's Tim Tebow and Georgia's Matt Stafford.

Nutt said he believes his offense could be his best defense Friday if Snead and
his teammates can keep the ball away from Tech.

Leach said he's followed Nutt's coaching career since it began at Murray State.
He said the Ole Miss offense compares favorably to his own in its creativity.

"If you have success on offense, suddenly it's a gimmick. Everybody else isn't
trying to score points, only you are," he said. "Theirs is unique. There's
nothing gimmicky about it. Stuff comes at you from different angles, and they're
in motion all the time. They put the ball in everybody's hands, and they attack
the whole field."

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20081231-TP-COTTON-BOWL-Tech-coach-answers-critics-of-his-pass-happy-attack-1231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2008 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 12, 2014 Friday
                                  Main Edition

HOMICIDE INVESTIGATION;
Tulsa hires Baylor OC Montgomery

BYLINE: Staff and wire reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 795 words



HIGHLIGHT: Mariota nets pair of awards; Bama's Cooper top wideout.


Tulsa hired Baylor offensive coordinator Philip Montgomery as its head coach
Thursday.

Montgomery has been calling the plays for one of the most prolific offenses in
college football for the last four seasons. Baylor is the only team in FBS to be
ranked in the top two in total offense and top four in the scoring offense each
of the last four seasons.

"Coach Montgomery has outstanding background as a collegiate coach and
recruiter," Tulsa athletic director Derrick Gragg said in a statement released
by the school. "He is one of the bright offensive minds in college football and
has coordinated explosive offenses at both Houston and Baylor."

The Bears have won the Big 12 the last two seasons. The 42-year-old Texan has
spent most of his career as an assistant to Baylor coach Art Briles, first at
Stephen-ville (Texas) High School and then at Houston (2003-07) and Baylor.

Nebraska: New head coach Mike Riley is bringing four of his Oregon State
assistants with him to Lincoln.

Riley said defensive assistants Mark Banker and Trent Bray, offensive assistant
Mike Cavanaugh and special teams coach Bruce Read will be on his staff. No
coordinator designations, other than special teams, have been made. The four
assistants have a combined 97 years of experience and a combined 45 years
working with Riley, including time at Oregon State and the San Diego Chargers.

UNLV: The Rebels are taking a gamble on their next football coach. Based on the
success Tony Sanchez had at nearby Bishop Gorman High School, the university's
hierarchy believes it's worth the risk.

UNLV named Sanchez as its head football coach Thursday, joining a small group of
Division I schools to hire a head coach directly from the high school ranks. The
hiring still must be approved by the UNLV Board of Regents at its meeting
Tuesday.

"In Las Vegas and as a Las Vegan, we aren't afraid to take a very bold and
unconventional approach when responding to challenges," UNLV athletic director
Tina Kunzer- Murphy said.

UNLV has had four winning seasons in 28 years and is in dire need of facilities
upgrades, so something needs to change. Bishop Gorman won a Nevada state
championship in each of Sanchez's six seasons there and he finished 85-5, with
no losses to another Nevada school. Sanchez also coached 25 players who went on
to play Division I football. Sanchez's only experience on the college level came
in 1996, when he served as an undergraduate assistant coach at his alma mater,
New Mexico State.

Sanchez is believed to be the fourth coach to make the direct jump from high
school to FBS head coach, joining North Texas' Todd Dodge, Notre Dame's Gerry
Faust and Iowa's Bob Commings.

Louisiana-Monroe: Officials are taking steps to assure the public that the
university is committed to its football program.

ULM president Nick Bruno and athletic director Brian Wickstrom issued a
statement Thursday afternoon saying the program is growing and will remain part
of the university's future.

The statement comes after a Dec. 2 announcement that the University of Alabama
at Birmingham football program was being dropped.

The statement said Wickstrom and his staff have raised over $5.5 million over
the last eight months for various projects and facilities upgrades.

"Athletics self-generated revenues are up nearly 20 percent over the same period
last year, and we are pleased with our progress," Bruno said in the news
release. "The football program ? as part of the entire athletic program ? is
central to the mission of our strategic plan, which is why I hired one of the
best fund-raising athletic directors in the country."

COLLEGE FOOTBALL AWARDS

Oregon's Marcus Mariota won the Davey O'Brien National Quarterback Award.

Mariota was presented with the award Thursday night during the College Football
Awards Show at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Fla.

He becomes the first Oregon player to win the award and second Pac-12 player in
the last four seasons, joining 2011 winner Andrew Luck of Stanford.

Mariota was selected over finalists TCU's Trevone Boykin and Mississippi State's
Dak Prescott. Mariota also is a Heisman Trophy finalist. Four straight Davey
O'Brien winners have gone on to win the Heisman , which will be awarded Saturday
in New York.

Other award winners Thursday:

*Maxwell Award (player of the year): Marcus Mariota, Oregon

*Doak Walker Award (best running back): Melvin Gordon, Wisconsin

*Biletnikoff Award (receiver): Amari Cooper, Alabama

*Chuck Bednarik Award (defensive player): Scooby Wright III, Arizona

*Outland Trophy (interior lineman): Brandon Scherff, Iowa

*Jim Thorpe Award (defensive back): Gerod Holliman, Louisville

*Rimington Award (center): Reese Dismukes, Auburn

*Ray Guy Award (punter): Tom Hackett, Utah

*Lou Groza Award (best kicker): Brad Craddock, Maryland

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Walsh preferred 'versatile' to 'finesse'

BYLINE: STEVEN M. SIPPLE, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 635 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Ex-Huskers Rathman and Craig praise the vision of their NFL coach.

Former San Francisco 49ers fullback Tom Rathman's NFLcareer statistics - 2,020
rushing yards and 2,684 receiving yards - speak to the versatility of the West
Coast offense.

Bill Walsh, the legendary former 49ers head coach and perhaps the foremost West
Coast offense guru, surely didn't mind when his system was tagged
"versatile."Walsh, however, tended to bristle at the "finesse" label, Rathman
said Tuesday.

"I believe you have to run the football," the former Nebraska standout said.
"But when I first came into the NFL (in 1986), we passed the ball to set up the
run. That was probably our mentality. And that's why the old 49ers were probably
recognized early as a finesse team. Ithink Bill identified that, and he didn't
want to be known as a finesse team. And that's probably one reason why he ended
up drafting me."

Selected in the third round, Rathman went on to play in the backfield with
ex-Husker I-back Roger Craig, another punishing runner, on Walsh's final three
Niner teams, including the 1988 Super Bowl champions. Rathman wound up playing
nine years in the NFL, retiring after the 1994 season.

"Bill gave me an opportunity to go out there and show that I could hopefully set
some tempo for that offense and help the run game,"Rathman said. "He took a
chance on me, and it all worked out."

Rathman, now in his first season as Oakland Raiders running backs coach and 10th
season overall as an NFL assistant, speaks in reverent tones about Walsh, who
died Monday following a long battle with leukemia. He was 75.

Rathman's recollections of the Niners' West Coast offense - and Walsh's
resistance to the finesse label - might strike a chord with Nebraska head coach
Bill Callahan and Husker fans.

When Callahan took over at Nebraska in 2004 with his version of the West Coast
offense, he fought the perception that it was a finesseoffense. Three seasons
later, it's clear Callahan strives for balance on offense and is determined to
have a physical running game, just as Walsh did.

"Imean, (Walsh) knew what the perception was out there,"Rathman recalled. "But
he understood you had to run the football, and you had to get somebody out there
that could set some tempo."

Walsh, in fact, went against the grain somewhat in using a fullback in the mid-
to late 1980s, Rathman said.

"When I came into the league, people were getting away from the prototypical
fullback," he said. "They were going to two tight ends and one running back. Or
they'd go one running back and (multiple) wide receivers. They were kind of
eliminating the fullback position. But I think Bill understood what that
position meant to an offense as far as setting some tempo and doing the little
things."

More than anything, Walsh's offense relied on precision and timing, Rathman
said.

Craig agreed.

"We exposed the defense's weaknesses," Craig said. "We outmaneuvered defenses
with quickness. Our motto was, 'Beat them to the punch.'"

They often did. Walsh led the Niners to world championships in 1981, 1984 and
1988 (Craig played on the last two of those title teams). All told, Walsh's
teams won six NFCWest Division crowns.

In short, Walsh elevated the franchise from bottom-feeder status to an NFL
dynasty. He accomplished it not only with his skill as a tactician, but also by
raising the standards of everybody in the organization, Rathman said.

"You could see it in the way we practiced," Rathman said. "You could see it in
the locker room. He, along with (former owner)Eddie DeBartolo, are the guys who
should be commended for building that dynasty."

Added Craig: "Bill basically taught us how to be professional on and off the
field. He was a visionary. A motivator. An innovator. He was ahead of his time."

Reach Steven M. Sipple at 473-7440 or ssipple@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former Husker and San Francisco 49er Tom Rathman (right) works out with
football campers at Lincoln Southeast High School in 1999. Rathman says that the
late Bill Walsh, his coach with the 49ers, bristled at the "finesse" label often
applied to his offense. FILE PHOTO BY ROBERT BECKER/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Stillwater NewsPress (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday

Gundy, pollsters impressed with OSU offense

BYLINE: Chris Day, Stillwater NewsPress, Okla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 330 words


Nov. 06--STILLWATER, Okla. -- Oklahoma State's offense is so good that it
sometimes leaves coach Mike Gundy in awe.

The Cowboys' ability to strike quickly certainly thrilled Gundy following
Saturday's 52-45 victory over No. 17 Kansas State in Boone Pickens Stadium.

The Pokes used nine drives to score 52 points. The drives took 12 minutes, 47
seconds and covered 465. All six Oklahoma State touchdown drives took less than
two minutes. OSU had two one play, short-yardage scoring drives that took less
than 10 seconds. Both were set up by Poke defensive takeaways. The Pokes'
longest TD drive went 85 yards, but took only 1:33.

"I'm not surprised (by our offense), but I am impressed," Gundy said Sunday in a
teleconference.

The Associated Press pollsters, Division I football coaches and computer-ranking
services seem impressed by OSU's offense. The Pokes (9-0, 6-0 in the Big 12) are
one of five unbeaten FBS football teams. It's the first time any OSU team has
been 6-0 in Big 12 play.

Oklahoma State is ranked No. 2 by the Associated Press and No. 3 in the USA
Today Coaches Poll. More importantly, OSU is No. 2 in the BCS Standings
following No. 1 Louisiana's 9-6 overtime victory over then-No. 2 Alabama on
Saturday night. The Crimson Tide slipped to No. 3 in the BCS.

Oklahoma State and Louisiana State are ranked No. 1 by three computer services
and No. 2 in three. LSU ranks No. 1 in the AP and coaches poll to earn the top
spot in the BCS Standings with a .9931. OSU is second with .9447.

It is the first time an Oklahoma State football team has been ranked second in
the AP poll or second in the BCS Standings.

"I'm proud of our team," Gundy said. "I'm glad they've been able to get to this
point. I only hope they can continue to focus and prepare well and fight the
battle we have every Saturday."

___ (c)2011 the Stillwater NewsPress (Stillwater, Okla.) Visit the Stillwater
NewsPress (Stillwater, Okla.) at www.stillwater-newspress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111106-OV-Gundy-pollsters-impressed-with-OSU-offense-20111106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OV


                      Copyright 2011 Stillwater NewsPress


                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Stillwater NewsPress (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 29, 2010 Thursday

Cowboys try to 'spread' the wealth: New offense isn't only key for Oklahoma
State's success

BYLINE: I.C. Murrell, Stillwater NewsPress, Okla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 804 words


July 29--IRVING, Texas -- Oklahoma State has a new offensive order and a new
starting quarterback.

And a defense that wants to do better than other offenses.

Coach Mike Gundy on Tuesday called his comfort level with the offense
"moderate." It's not for bad reasons, though.

"I thought there would be some chaos in the spring, and there really wasn't,"
the sixth-year head man said at Big 12 Media Days. "When you go into a season
where a quarterback has never played other than for a couple of quarters, I
think there's some uncertainty. So, it'd be hard to have more than a moderate
comfort level."

But, make no mistake about it: He's comfortable with having assistant coach Dana
Holgorsen take over the offense and Brandon Weeden as the starting quarterback.

Gundy and Weeden spoke at the Westin-DFW North along with linebacker Orie Lemon
and defensive lineman Jamie Blatnick. Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops and a few of his
players were to be on hand today for the third and final Media Day.

Weeden actually appeared for short spans of three games last season as a third
stringer, but his breakout party lasted all of the second half of a 31-28 home
victory over Colorado in November. He completed 10-of-15 passes for 168 yards
and two touchdowns, including the game-winning 28-yarder to Justin Blackmon.

Gundy said he was "pleasantly surprised" that the Cowboys' organization came
together early during spring drills. He added the players bought into the
faster-paced offense installed by Holgorsen, who was the offensive coordinator
at Houston the past two seasons.

"Part of the reason we changed the offense was, we lost a lot of offensive
linemen and our quarterback (Zac Robinson)," Gundy said.

He also believes OSU can recruit more players with the offense because many
units in the Big 12 have more wide receivers who can make plays.

"We believe the success in college football is in the players you bring in,"
Gundy said.

One of the players the Cowboys bring back is a 26-year-old former No. 1
major-league baseball draft pick by the New York Yankees in Weeden. Though he
has only four career games in OSU pads under his belt, Weeden has a 59.3 percent
completion rate for his short career and four touchdown passes, all of which
came last year.

Now, he's the No. 1 signal caller, something he hasn't been in a good while.

"From when I was 3 years old until I got to Oklahoma State, I never had to sit
on the sideline," Weeden said. "I never had to sit on the bench. I was always
playing, and that was pretty difficult the first year. I knew that was just part
of it. I just hoped then it would be the way it is now, if I were to take over
the reins and be the guy."

He is -- under center. Don't forget: Kendall Hunter is healthy. The senior
running back missed five games last season due to a right ankle injury. Gundy
said how often he runs the football shouldn't change with the offense.

"He's a special player," Weeden said. "We're going to jump on his back and ride
him. And I've got to do my job to help. If I see something in the defense, it's
my job to get our guys in the right place."

The Cowboys defense certainly has faced Holgorsen's new package during the
spring. It could be the preparation needed to slow down other high-scoring units
in the offense-happy Big 12.

"There are loads of offenses, loads of high-powered offenses," said Blatnick,
who grew up a short drive from the Metroplex in Celina. "The trick is getting to
know each one of them. Each team has its own twist on everything. The trick is
to learn each team offensively."

As for Holgorsen's offense, it's a hard thing to defend, Blatnick added.

"It seems like you can never get everyone (matched up) on everyone," he said.
"There's always someone sneaking for a 4-yard out or a 5-yard route. Those are
the ones that really hurt. Those are the ones that really add up."

But the Cowboys are coming off one of their better defensive seasons, having
ranked fourth in total defense with 332.54 yards per game allowed under
coordinator Bill Young.

"Our D-line is stout," Blatnick said. "We got Markelle (Martin, junior safety)
back; he's been taking people's heads off in the spring."

Yep, the Cowboys are still hard-hitting, and they brought back Lemon, who missed
all of last season with a torn anterior cruciate ligament. The senior had a
career-high 90 tackles in 2008.

"He had a good spring," Gundy said.

To see more of the Stillwater NewsPress or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stillwater-newspress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Stillwater NewsPress,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100729-OV-Cowboys-try-to-spread-the-wealth-20100729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OV


                      Copyright 2010 Stillwater NewsPress


                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

RAVENS OFFENSIVE COORDINATOR DISMISSED

BYLINE: From wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; NFL NOTEBOOK; Pg. E-2

LENGTH: 482 words


Convinced that the Baltimore Ravens sputtering offense wasn't going to improve
with Marc Trestman calling the shots, coach John Harbaugh fired his offensive
coordinator Monday and replaced him with quarterbacks coach Marty Mornhinweg.

The move came less than 24 hours after the Ravens scored only one touchdown in a
16-10 loss to Washington.

"I just think we need a different chemistry in there right now to get to where
we need to go," Harbaugh said.

"I think we all know what it needs to look like. It's what plays get called in
certain situations, but it's also the physicality of our offense, it's the
attack-mentality of our offense, it's how we go about our business. Those are
things that just weren't getting there.

"We need to ramp things up."

The Ravens (3-2) performed miserably on offense against the Redskins, who
entered with the 29th-ranked defense in the NFL.

Broncos

General manager John Elway said doctors ordered coach Gary Kubiak to take a week
off after experiencing a migraine and that special teams coordinator Joe
DeCamillis will serve as interim coach Thursday night in San Diego. Kubiak, 55,
had a health scare in 2013 when he was coach of the Houston Texans, suffering a
"mini-stroke" and collapsing at halftime of a game against Indianapolis. He
returned 10 days later.

Cardinals

Coach Bruce Arians said he expects quarterback Carson Palmer to pass the last
stage of the concussion protocol today. That indicates Palmer could be back for
a home game Monday night against the New York Jets. Palmer was injured Oct. 2
when his head slammed to the turf on a sack by the Rams' Aaron Donald.

Browns

Cleveland claimed offensive lineman Jonathan Cooper, a former first-round pick,
off waivers from New England.Cooper was selected with the No. 7 overall pick in
the 2013 draft by Arizona. He played in 24 games for the Cardinals before he was
traded to the Patriots in March.

Redskins

Receiver Pierre Garcon and defensive end Ricky Jean Francois flew Saturday to
Haiti to deliver medical supplies to victims of Hurricane Matthew. Garcon and
Jean Francois, who are of Haitian descent, traveled on owner Dan Snyder's plane.
Hurricane Matthew killed more than 500 people in Haiti before striking the
United States.

Elsewhere

Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is not a believer in protesting by
sitting or kneeling during the national anthem. Speaking to Yahoo!, Ginsburg had
some harsh words for San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick and other
players who have decided to kneel during the national anthem in protest of
racial inequality.

"I think it's really dumb of them," she said. "Would I arrest them for doing it?
No. I think it's dumb and disrespectful. ..." ...Roberto Aguayo kicked a 38-yard
field goal in the closing seconds as the Tampa Bay Buccaneers took advantage of
three Derek Anderson turnovers and defeated the Carolina Panthers, 17-14, in
Charlotte, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Marc Trestman -- Out as Ravens offensive coordinator

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            August 26, 2004 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Bears need Clark back Offense will be more successful if injured TE plays key
role

BYLINE: Bob LeGere, Daily Herald Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 548 words


Bears offensive coordinator Terry Shea practically scoffs at those who fear the
team's passing attack will wither and die without a go-to wide receiver like
Marty Booker.

"You have to realize that the best offense in football the last couple years in
terms of points scored was an offense that had the leading pass catcher as the
running back for two years in a row and the tight end for two years in a row,"
Shea said. "And then it was the two wide receivers at 50 catches each. So this
offense is not built toward making any one guy the highlight guy."

The offense Shea cites as an example is the Kansas City Chiefs' attack, which he
hopes to duplicate in Chicago.

While Shea coached the Chiefs quarterbacks the past three years, he saw
first-hand how well the offense of coordinator Al Saunders and head coach Dick
Vermeil worked. Tight end Tony Gonzalez and running back Priest Holmes were the
stars, while journeymen wide receivers Johnnie Morton and Eddie Kennison were
lesser lights.

But everyone was involved.

Because the Bears' top tight end, Desmond Clark, is watching from the wings with
a hamstring injury, which has kept him out all month, there is concern that the
formula Shea intends to use will be missing a key ingredient.

"It hurts not having (him on the field)," coach Lovie Smith said of Clark, who
caught 44 passes for the Bears last season and 51 for the Broncos in 2001. "It's
hurting Desmond's game a little bit by not getting the offense down (and) not
being out there. As far as our offense, it's probably hurt us as far as relying
on the tight end position, but it's also forced us to go to other positions. We
know a lot more about the receivers and the running backs by not having that
target to go to."

The Bears have also not incorporated featured running back Thomas Jones into the
passing game. He has 1 catch for 8 yards in the first two preseason games and
has never caught more than 32 passes in a season. Holmes caught 74, 70 and 62
the past three seasons.

Gonzalez averaged 69 catches for 869 yards the past three years under Vermeil,
numbers which Clark won't even approach if he's out much longer.

"As a tight end, he gives you that speed that we would love to have," Shea said.
"The young guy playing behind him (Dustin Lyman) has really played well this
entire week of practice and last week in the game. He blocked well, and he's
coming on to be a pretty decent tight end. He just doesn't quite have the
(ability to separate from the defender) that Dez Clark does."

As for the Bears' wide receivers, David Terrell, Bobby Wade and Justin Gage may
all figure fairly evenly in the attack, and speedy Daryl Jones could be a factor
in the rotation. Smith isn't prepared to predict who might emerge as quarterback
Rex Grossman's favorite target.

"We think we have good receivers," Smith said. "As far as which one will become
the established No. 1 and leading receiver, that's what the season is all about.
But we like the prospects of those guys."

A good guess is that the Bears' leading receiver could be different from week to
week.

"I've been around this style of attack (enough) to see that one week it's the
'Z,' the flanker, the Marty Booker-type player," Shea said, "and then the next
week it's the tight end. So, that's the way this season will go for us."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday

Solid defense and offense help Mustangs record first conference win.

BYLINE: Sun News Report

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 735 words


Solid defense and offense help Mustangs record first conference win.

Sun-News Report

SILVER CITY - The Mustangs were 3 for 3 in the red zone Saturday, allowing
Western New Mexico University to capture their first conference win of the 2010
season. The Mustangs defeated Mesa State, 20-10, and they improved to 2-3
overall and 1-2 in the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference. Mesa State falls to
1-3 overall and 1-2 in RMAC play.

Solid defensive stops and forced turnovers limited the Mavericks scoring
opportunities. Mesa State had four fumbles, three of which were lost, and one
interception that prevented a first half score.

Junior Jacob Cross (Bakersfield, Calif., Centennial High School, Bakersfield
Junior College) led the Mustangs defensively with 10 tackles. Seven of those
were marked as solo. Cross' roommate, Joey Bertrand (Bakersfield, Calif.,
Centennial High School, Bakersfield Junior College), followed with nine tackles
along with one forced fumble and one quarterback hurry.

WNMU limited the Mesa State offense to just 173 yards. The purple and gold's
offense, however, had a big turnaround from previous weeks, producing 109 yards
on the ground and 253 yards in the air for a total of 362 yards.

Quarterback Chris Voller (Albuquerque, Valley High School) hit his target 15 out
of 33 attempts for 246 yards. He also gave up the ball once. Fellow quarterback
Antoine Young (Oakland, Calif., Encinal High School, Chabot College) looked more
like a running back than a quarterback. He rushed for 78 yards on eight carries,
averaging 9.8 yards per carry.

Special teams Kameron Drawhorn (San Diego, Calif., Fallbrook High School) did a
superb job as a kicker and punter. He made two field goals from 38 and 29 yards
respectively. He also had two point-afters along with seven punts, averaging
37.7 yards, and five kickoffs, averaging 66 yards.

Mesa State's Michael Mankoff threw for 116 yards. Will Halboth rushed 15 times
for 57 yards.

Things didn't start out well for the Mustangs. On the third play of the day, CJ
Gardner (Safford, Ariz., Safford High School, Arizona State University) coughed
up the football at midfield, giving the Mavericks good field position. The
mistake did not have an effect on the Mustang defense though, as they allowed
only one first and 10 and shut the Mavericks down at the WNMU 27 after that.
Mesa State was forced to try a 45-yard field goal, which made the WNMU fans
shudder after the Fort Lewis loss two weeks ago. It was up and good. Mesa State
held the 3-0 advantage early on.

The second and last Maverick score of the day was also after a WNMU turnover.
With 3:33 left in the first half, Chad Benkelman got a freebie from Voller to
return in 13 yards to the WNMU 27. Four plays later, Kris Means marched the ball
into the end zone for a one-yard touchdown. The point after was good, and WNMU
was down, 10-0.

The Mustangs knotted things up on back-to-back drives midway through the second
quarter. Voller found Gardner for 31 yards to set up a 38-yard field goal for
Drawhorn with 9 minutes, 13 seconds left in the half. Then a Maverick turnover,
recovered by Niko Skawinski (San Diego, Calif., Poway High School, San Diego
Mesa College), set up a Salvador Garcia (Anthony, Texas, Anthony High School)
touchdown from Voller on the next drive.

The two teams walked into the locker room with fire in their eyes and the score
tied at 10.

The score remained deadlocked in the third quarter, but the flood gates opened
for the Mustangs at the top of the final 15 minutes. With Young at the helm, the
"young" quarterback tucked the ball in and rushed three times for 24 yards. He
also threw once to Christopher Miranda (Peoria, Ariz., Peoria High School,
Phoenix Community College) for seven yards, allowing Mario Wren (Bessemer, Ala.,
Bessemer City High School) to run in for a four-yard touchdown with 12:31 left
to play.

The Mavericks continued to do little with their possession. They went 51 yards
in nine plays and 5:20 but still could not score. The Mustangs, on the other
hand, tacked on a field goal for good measure with 2:15 remaining.

Knowing WNMU's past struggles in the secondary, Mesa State tried to go to the
air on their last ditch effort but found little success.

The Mustangs will hit the road next week, traveling to face Western State
College at 1 p.m. in Colorado on Oct. 9. WNMU will then return home on Oct. 16
to host Adams State College in a homecoming affair.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

             February 13, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition Sidebar to the
           fourth installment of Mike Toner's "Past in Peril" series,
           which looks at the causes and consequences of the world's
                      vanishing archaeological resources.

PAST IN PERIL;
 AMERICA THE LOOTED: CAUGHT IN THE ACT --- TALES OF SELF-INFLICTED STINGS

BYLINE: Mike Toner, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Perspective; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 517 words

SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK, SHILOH, TENN.
The relic hunter from Jackson, Miss., was fastidious as he hunted for artifacts
in broad daylight at the scene of one of the Civil War's bloodiest battles. He
filled in all his holes, pocketing the Minie balls and sword tips as he went.
Problem was, he was paying so much attention to the electronic warbling of his
metal detector's headphones that he didn't notice park ranger Dennis Turnbow
jogging by on his lunch hour. Turnbow cited him for a misdemeanor and
confiscated the artifacts.

CHATTAHOOCHEE NATIONAL FOREST, GEORGIA
The U.S. Forest Service used a hidden camera to videotape eight residents of
Gilmer and Fannin counties digging artifacts, building a fire and smoking
marijuana one night in northeast Georgia's Rich Mountain Wilderness. On a
subsequent visit to the site, the looters spotted the camera and destroyed the
tape, but took the government's Sony camcorder home --- where it was later
spotted by arresting agents. Seven people were convicted, including Johnny Mire
Searcy, of Blue Ridge, who got 10 months in federal prison.

DENVER
A New Mexico couple made a mistake of offering to sell the savvy manager of
Denver's David Cook Fine American Art Gallery $ 100,000 worth of stolen Indian
artifacts --- including burial moccasins and a Navajo chief's blanket - --for a
mere $ 29,000. Suspicious of the bargain, the gallery called police. When Ricky
and Pauline Whitted returned to consummate the deal, they were arrested for
possession of items reported stolen from Indian art galleries in Santa Fe and
Taos, N.M.

MAMMOTH CAVE NATIONAL PARK, KY.
Earthwatch, which coordinates volunteers for archaeological projects throughout
the world, was understandably upset when an Adena Indian hammerstone vanished
from a dig in the cave, where some of the team's volunteers had been working. An
Earthwatch volunteer suspected of taking the artifact at first denied the theft
--- then later admitted it when it turned up along a trail in a gray-patterned
sock. The sock perfectly matched a single sock in her luggage. She was fined $
500.

MONTEZUMA CREEK CANYON, UTAH
Sotero Oviedo made his first mistake when he decided to vandalize a panel of
prehistoric pictographs on a canyon wall near Monticello -- a collection of
several hundred colored images more than 2,500 years old. His second mistake was
his choice of graffiti. With his name scrawled in big block letters, federal
agents had no trouble identifying him. Oviedo got a year's probation. The survey
company he worked for paid the Bureau of Land Management $ 7,800 for his
handiwork.

OCMULGEE NATIONAL MONUMENT, MACON
It wasn't the kind of loot that park rangers expected to discover when they went
to check out an illegally parked Chevy Blazer one evening and found Buffalo
telemarketer Douglas Krotzer digging a hole in an isolated area of the park.
Krotzer, later convicted of trying to hide $ 1.6 million in cash and precious
coins from a bankruptcy court, said he wanted to bury it in the park because he
thought it would be safe there.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             August 24, 2012 Friday

Which Pats will play?

BYLINE: By David Pevear, dpevear@lowellsun.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Patriots; Football

LENGTH: 554 words


Will this third preseason game provide a glimpse into the might of this Patriots
offense?

You know, just to reassure us.

Or must we go on presuming this Patriots offense will roll instinctively when
the games turn real, because, hey, that's Tom Brady out there.

One suspects Brady, who did not dress for Monday night's 27-17 preseason loss to
the Philadelphia Eagles in Foxboro, will work up a sweat Friday night against
the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Raymond James Stadium (and hopefully not by feeling
from seepage caused by Nate Solder and Marcus Cannon).

The Patriots' QB par excellence took 19 uninspiring snaps in the preseason
opener 15 days ago, a 7-6 victory over the New Orleans Saints that featured zero
points by the first offense and Brady being strip-sacked by Will Smith.

That night Brady signaled where he felt the Patriots' heralded offense stood at
that point. He slammed his helmet on the ground.

On Wednesday, Brady said "the goal is to be ready and prepared when we need to
be."

Traditionally, the third preseason game is the dress rehearsal for the
first-teamers. They often work into the third quarter. Then, during the final
preseason game, they rest while the lower end of the roster claws for roster
spots.

New England's final preseason game next Wednesday in New York is still 10 days
before the Sept. 9 regular-season opener in Tennessee.

The first mandatory cut-down is Monday; NFL teams must trim their rosters to a
maximum of 75 players. The final cut-down to 53 is next Friday.

Brady has relied on practice-practice-practice to familiarize himself with new
weapons such as wide receiver Brandon Lloyd.

"Coach (Bill) Belichick has been through this quite a bit and so have I," said
Brady. "So I'm sure when the time comes to play, we'll be as prepared as we can
possibly be."

Wide receiver Wes Welker did not practice Thursday. That would seem to indicate
Welker will sit out Friday. He also did not play Monday against the Eagles.
Brady and Welker can probably get back up to speed quickly, as the 554 passes
Welker has caught over the last five seasons suggest. The Brady-Lloyd connection
is in early development. It will be interesting to watch it Friday.

Of course, should offensive tackles Solder and Cannon's shaky play continue,
optimism, could be seriously undermined, since Brady's completion percentage
while being knocked down is not particularly good.

"They're doing their job, and I have to worry about my job," Brady said
Wednesday when asked about the offensive line. "I think part of what our team
has always been built on is guys having trust in each other to do what they need
to do to be competitive, and that's what we're trying to do out here in
practice."

Pro Bowl guard Logan Mankins (knee) returned to practice last week and tackle
Sebastian Vollmer (back) did this week. Will we get to see Mankins and Vollmer
Friday night?

What about running back Jeff Demps, the Olympic silver-medalist sprinter (4x100
relay) signed last week as a rookie free agent out of Florida, who is being
counted on to thrill us on kick returns?

"The coaches have done a great job of slowly working (Demps) in," said wide
receiver Deion Branch. "He's just come from London, doing a great job for our
country, and the last thing they want to do is just throw him out there to the
wolves. That's not the right thing."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 29, 1993, Tuesday

NATION IN BRIEF Suspect claims he killed 17 women

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 868 words


Troopers who chased down a pickup truck in Mineola, N.Y., for a routine traffic
violation said Monday that they found a woman's decomposing body in the back and
a driver who confessed to killing 17 women. Joel Rifkin, 34, a landscaper from
the Long Island community of East Meadow, was charged with second-degree murder,
police said.

State police Capt. Walter Heesch said authorities also believe Mr. Rifkin was
linked to the killing of a woman whose body was found May 9 along a road in the
resort community of Southampton.

Mr. Rifkin told police he dumped the bodies of 17 women in Long Island,
Connecticut and New Jersey.

HEROES

DOG SAVES DAY: A Vernal, Utah, rancher who was pinned under her all- terrain
vehicle when it flipped says she owes her life to her bird dog, Jake, who
summoned help. Lou Dean Williams, 45, suffered kidney damage and internal
bleeding and nearly lost her legs when she was crushed by the 600-pound vehicle,
the Salt Lake Tribune reported. Ms. Williams was driving on her ranch and Jake
was on his daily run when the vehicle lost power. Her effort to move the vehicle
flipped it on top of her, pinning her legs. Her shouts for help went unheard. At
first the dog refused to leave her side when she tried to get Jake to take her
glove as a sign she was in trouble. After nearly three hours, the dog finally
ran off and, finding a ranch hand, growled and pulled at the man's pants. "I
thought he wanted to bite me," Juan Morales said. "That was a desperate-looking
dog." The dog held on and led him to Ms. Williams.

AGRICULTURE

'SALAD BOWL' ENDANGERED: Salt water creeping into California's Salinas Valley
aquifer is threatening the fertile area's $ 1.5 billion-a- year agriculture
industry. "It is a very distinct possibility that the agriculture industry,
which dominates our economy, will go down. Nobody knows how far down," said
Granville Perkins, a member of the Monterey County Water Resources Board. Sea
water is soaking into the aquifer as fresh water is pumped out for irrigation
and drinking water. Last year, 12 wells were closed because of the sea water.
The Salinas Valley, called "the salad bowl of the world," grows a variety of
crops, including lettuce, broccoli, artichokes and strawberries.

CRIME

SCHOLAR SLAIN: A Siberian mathematician on an exchange program was stabbed to
death in Newton, Mass., and a visiting Ukrainian physicist was charged in what
investigators called an unprovoked attack. Nikolai Filonenko, 31, pleaded
innocent to murder in the slaying of Sergeyh Sander and was ordered held without
bail. Mr. Filonenko, 31, of Kiev, also pleaded innocent to assault and battery
with a dangerous weapon in the wounding of Russian mathematician Yuri Eremin,
who prosecutors said had tried to intercede. Mr. Eremin heard screams coming
from the living room of their apartment Sunday and walked in to witness Mr.
Filonenko kneeling over Mr. Sander and stabbing him with a pocketknife,
Middlesex District Attorney Tom Reilly said.

GUNS AND AMMUNITION

SHOOTING GALLERY: The government is aiming to limit target-shooting at the
Lyndon B. Johnson National Grasslands in Texas, where landowners said they live
in fear of stray bullets. The U.S. Forest Service wants to restrict shooting to
500 acres of the 20,309-acre area. Hunting still would be allowed throughout the
park, but with shotguns only. The proposal drew criticism from the Texas chapter
of the National Rifle Association, which said thousands of acres used for
target-shooting for decades would be off-limits. "Some days it sounds like
you're a mile from a battlefield," said R.C. Russell, whose property borders the
grasslands, 80 miles northwest of Dallas. "I've had some cows shot in my own
pasture."

MORES AND MORALS

GAY RIGHTS VOTE: Ballots will be tallied today in the Salem, Ore., area to
determine six local measures that would prohibit homosexuals from being
classified as a minority and keep governments from spending money to "promote"
or "express approval of" homosexuality. The measures were put on local ballots
through petition drives sponsored by the Oregon Citizens Alliance, an anti-gay
rights group that sponsored a statewide measure that voters rejected in
November. The failed Measure 9 would have branded homosexuals "abnormal and
perverse," required schools to teach that homosexuality is wrong and barred
anti-discrimination protection. Anti-gay rights activists returned with
toned-down local measures aimed at areas where Measure 9 passed. Last month,
voters in Cornelius, a small town west of Portland, passed a measure identical
to the one on today's ballots.

SCHOOLS

TACKLING SEGREGATION: A statewide plan for school desegregation became law when
Connecticut Gov. Lowell Weicker signed a watered-down version of his proposal to
tackle racially divided education. The law will require all 169 municipalities
in Connecticut to take part in regional planning designed to end segregation,
but it will not force them to make changes. Many states have laws requiring
districts to find ways to integrate their school systems, but Connecticut
appears to be the first with a law designed to foster interdistrict
desegregation.

From our news services

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931810138

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             April 1, 2006 Saturday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Baseball 2006

BYLINE: John Lott, Jeremy Sandler and Joe O'Connor, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. FW12

LENGTH: 2197  words


AMERICAN LEAGUE

THE EAST

BALTIMORE ORIOLES It speaks volumes that Baltimore's biggest off-season addition
was pitching coach Lee Mazzone. His new staff ranges from inconsistent to just
plain bad. The offence struggled to score last year, and will again. A sign of
how far this once-proud franchise has fallen: manager Sam Perlozzo called a
closed-door meeting on Monday and demanded more effort from his troops.

BOSTON RED SOX The "Idiot" champions of 2004 are a distant memory. The entire
infield is new. Josh Beckett adds youth and hope to the pitching staff. Coco
Crisp might even represent an improvement over Johnny Damon in centre. But
questions abound at third base (Mike Lowell?), the bullpen (Keith Foulke?) and,
perhaps most importantly, the rotation (Curt Schilling? David Wells? Matt
Clement?). The Red Sox have regressed.

NEW YORK YANKEES The Bronx Bankers are older, again, but better with Damon
leading off. A full season of Shawn Chacon and Chien-Ming Wang should boost the
rotation. The offence can still chew up opposing pitchers. But the age factor
leaves small margin for error. The Yankees need big years and fewer mood swings
from greybeards Randy Johnson and Gary Sheffield.

TAMPA BAY DEVIL RAYS Fresh ownership, passionate new manager Joe Maddon and some
rising stars on offence will start to resurrect a moribund franchise.
Opening-day starter Scott Kazmir, only 22, has Cy Young potential (but not just
yet). Carl Crawford, Julio Lugo and Jorge Cantu galvanize a good offence. But
the pitching and defence reek, and departed closer Danys Baez leaves a big hole.

TORONTO BLUE JAYS An astonishing off-season turned the Jays into overnight
playoff contenders with improved pitching and offence. Troy Glaus adds pop and
closer B.J. Ryan anchors a solid bullpen. But 15 games is a lot to make up.
Questions: A.J. Burnett's health and focus, Russ Adams' bat and glove, and a
right-field platoon that could stunt both Eric Hinske and Alex Rios.

THE CENTRAL

CHICAGO WHITE SOX The World Series champions might be even better this year if a
healthy Jim Thome can power an already well-balanced offence. Javier Vazquez
joins a dominating rotation, backed by a bullpen that held opponents to a .232
average last year. Closer Bobby Jenks reportedly has lost velocity on his
fastball, which might mean he will only reach the mid-90s.

CLEVELAND INDIANS They charged, then faded, barely missing a wild-card berth in
2005. With remarkable power and pitching, the Indians are widely touted as
playoff contenders. Aaron Boone, a bust in '05, drove third-base prospect Andy
Marte to the minors this spring. But can 37-year-old Bob Wickman repeat his
45-save season? And can Cleveland overcome the loss of ERA leader Kevin
Millwood?

DETROIT TIGERS Recycling seems to suit Detroit. They hired Jim Leyland as
manager, added 41-year-old pitcher Kenny Rogers and signed closer Todd Jones,
who turns 38 in April. They're still waiting for Magglio Ordonez to produce, and
muffling disappointment over the decline of Ivan Rodriguez. Jeremy Bonderman
anchors a good rotation, but that won't compensate for a lineup of undisciplined
hitters.

KANSAS CITY ROYALS After a flurry of off-season deals, mostly for retreads (Mark
Grudzielanek, Doug Mientkiewicz, Reggie Sanders), the Royals should improve,
which means winning 66 games instead of 56. Scott Elarton and Elmer Dessens
should help an awful pitching staff. Mike Sweeney manages to hit .300 -- when
he's not on the disabled list. Worth watching: centre-fielder David DeJesus.

MINNESOTA TWINS The Twins fell to third after three straight division titles. To
revive their impotent offence, they added free agents Luis Castillo and former
Blue Jay Tony Batista. Joe Mauer is the game's best young catcher and a fine
hitter. Johan Santana leads a solid pitching staff. But the offence remains
deficient. A better year from Canadian Justin Morneau (.239-22-79) could help.

THE WEST

LOS ANGELES ANGLES The Angels remain the division favourite despite losing
starters Paul Byrd and Jarrod Washburn. Cy Young winner Bartolo Colon still
anchors the rotation, with Jeff Weaver arriving from the Dodgers and former Blue
Jay Kelvim Escobar from the bullpen. Vladimir Guerrero leads a versatile offence
, but he's not even their most exciting player. Chone Figgins is.
Question-marks: Garret Anderson's health and power.

OAKLAND ATHLETICS Their pitching might take them all the way. Canadian
right-hander Rich Harden, who hails from Victoria, leads a solid rotation
bolstered by the addition of the well-travelled Esteban Loaiza. Closer Huston
Street had a 1.72 ERA and 23 saves as a rookie. If he can behave himself, former
Dodger Milton Bradley should improve the offence. And if Frank Thomas returns
from the wilderness with his old power, look out.

SEATTLE MARINERS After sharing in Japan's euphoric victory in this past spring's
World Baseball Classic, how can Ichiro Suzuki avoid a letdown as a marvellous
player on a lacklustre team? Even with the additions of outfielder Carl Everett,
pitcher Jarrod Washburn and Kenji Johjima -- a veteran Japanese catcher -- the
Mariners are stuck in neutral. Worth watching: RHP Felix Hernandez, just 20,
looms as a premier fireballer.

TEXAS RANGERS The Rangers continue to tread water. They have a daunting offence,
even without Alfonso Soriano, and a mediocre pitching staff, even after adding
Millwood. Michael Young and Mark Teixeira are elite hitters, and Brad Wilkerson
adds grit, both offensively and defensively. Even if billionaire owner Tom Hicks
succeeds in his pretentious campaign to land the recently retired (yet again)
Roger Clemens, Texas will not contend.

NATIONAL LEAGUE

THE EAST

ATLANTA BRAVES Young players with star potential -- outfielder Jeff Francoeur,
catcher Brian McCann, first baseman Adam LaRoche -- abound on a team shooting
for its 15th straight division title. Veterans Chipper and Andruw Jones are
still offensive forces, but age and infirmity threaten a pitching staff that no
longer has legendary coach Leo Mazzone.

FLORIDA MARLINS The great mystery of Florida's spring training was why
now-released second baseman Pokey Reese up and left. Perhaps he just looked
around at what was left for new manager Joe Girardi following the latest fire
sale. Miguel Cabrera and Dontrelle Willis are studs but, otherwise, the future
is all that is exciting.

NEW YORK METS Another off-season of shopping brought the Mets closer Billy
Wagner, former Blue Jays first baseman Carlos Delgado and catcher Paul Lo Duca.
If the latter two can help Carlos Beltran be the player he was pre-2005 --and if
David Wright continues progressing -- the Mets will hit. But will a
Wagner-solidified bullpen be enough pitching for a team will little depth behind
Pedro Martinez?

PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES Former Blue Jays general manager Pat Gillick inherited
perhaps the best keystone combination in baseball in shortstop Jimmy Rollins and
second baseman Chase Utley, then he added centre-fielder Aaron Rowand to
solidify his middle defence. Rookie of the year Ryan Howard can slug with the
best, but the pitching staff consists of journeymen starts and 38-year-old
closer Tom Gordon.

WASHINGTON NATIONALS Last year's first-half surprise is carrying conflict into
2006, particularly with newly acquired (former) infielder Alfonso Soriano, who
is unhappy about his move to the outfield, and Jose Guillen, a ticking time bomb
who feuded with manager Frank Robinson last year. In short, President Bush is
not the only one facing a long summer in the U.S. capital.

THE CENTRAL

CHICAGO CUBS The fans of Wrigleyville are hoping for an end to the Billy Goat
Curse. Carlos Zambrano is as good as any pitcher in the NL -- as is Mark Prior,
when healthy -- but Prior and Kerry Wood are both hurt. Juan Pierre adds speed
to the top of the order, but with little outfield power and the injured staff,
the curse will likely live on.

CINCINNATI REDS The rotation has no ace, the bullpen has no closer and the team
has little hope of doing more than re-building ... yet again. The trade that
brought in right-hander Bronson Arroyo cleared up an outfield logjam that arises
whenever Ken Griffey Jr. is healthy. That's always a question in Cincinnati.

HOUSTON ASTROS Roger Clemens, retired for now, is the only key piece missing
from the 2005 team. Starters Roy Oswalt, Andy Pettitte and Brandon Backe lead a
great rotation that has the Brad Lidge-led bullpen behind it.

MILWAUKEE BREWERS Could very well be the darkhorse darling of the NL this season
with ace Ben Sheets and 18-game winner Chris Capuano leading the rotation (once
Sheets returns from the DL). A good blend of youth -- Prince Fielder, Rickie
Weeks and J.J. Hardy -- and experience -- Carlos Lee, Geoff Jenkins and Corey
Koskie. If closer Danny Kolb recaptures his 2004 magic, look out.

PITTSBURGH PIRATES Having posted losing records in 13 straight seasons, the
Pirates brought in veterans Sean Casey, Joe Randa and Jeromy Burnitz to help
right the ship as they rebuild around Canadian Jason Bay. Breaking the streak is
unlikely.

ST. LOUIS CARDINALS The NL version of the New York Yankees, the window is fast
closing for the ageing Redbirds. First baseman Albert Pujols remains one of the
best hitters ever, but Scott Rolen was hurt last season, Jim Edmonds is 35 and
losing power and Mark Mulder showed signs of age in the playoffs.

THE WEST

ARIZONA DIAMONDBACKS The rebuilding efforts continue in the Valley of the Sun.
Brandon Webb looks like he'll be able to induce ground balls forever, but the
rest of the rotation is in disarray. Chad Tracy and Conor Jackson are promising
youngsters at the corners.

COLORADO ROCKIES The heady days of Mile High hitting are on their way back.
Garret Atkins, Clint Barmes and Matt Holliday headline a batting order made up
almost exclusively of good young bats. But pitching is the question in Denver,
where ERAs below 4.00 are as rare as oceanfront property.

LOS ANGELES DODGERS A hodgepodge of ageing veterans populate the lineup for the
first edition of new GM Ned Colletti's makeover of the Dodgers. The right side
of the infield is weak defensively with Jeff Kent at second and Nomar
Garciaparra at first, and outfielders J.D. Drew and Kenny Lofton are injury
risks. Former Tampa closer Danys Baez is on hand if Eric Gagne suffers another
injury.

SAN DIEGO PADRES The Padres broke the bank to keep Brian Giles, then added
former Texas star Chris Young to a rotation led by Jake Peavy. Young should
thrive in the NL, and centre-fielder Mike Cameron should help all the pitchers
with his defence, assuming there are no lingering demons from his awful outfield
crash with Carlos Beltran as Mets last season. But, aside from Khalil Greene at
short, the infield is full of question marks, and there is a dearth of power on
this team.

SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS As the Barry Bonds circus heads out for what might be its
final season, Giants general manager Brian Sabean is still in win-now mode,
loading his lineup with thirtysomethings Ray Durham, Randy Winn and former
Montreal Expo Moises Alou. But the keys to this team are starters Noah Lowry 25,
and Matt Cain, 20, who could make the difference for San Francisco.

FIVE FOR THE MVP

1. DAVID ORTIZ, RED SOX Big Papi has driven in 388 runs since 2003.

2. ALBERT PUJOLS, CARDINALS NL MVP from '05 is only 26-years old.

3. DAVID WRIGHT, METS Next One notched 70 extra-base hits in first season.

4. VLADIMIR GUERRERO, ANGELS Had an off year and still hit .317.

5. BARRY BONDS, GIANTS Cheater always prospers, when healthy.

FIVE FOR SOME TLC

1. KERRY WOOD, CUBS Shoulder problems limited ace to 10 starts in '05.

2. KEN GRIFFEY, REDS Hasn't played a full season since the Clinton years.

3. JIM EDMONDS, CARDINALS Gold Glover has inflamed nerve in his elbow.

4. MIKE PIAZZA, PADRES A catcher with creaky knees? Naw.

5. CARLOS ZAMBRANO, CUBS Got carpal tunnel from too much e-mailing.

FIVE WHO ARE ACES

1. ROY HALLADAY, BLUE JAYS Broken leg wrecked a 12-4 start to '05.

2. JAKE PEAVY, PADRES Led NL with 216 strikeouts.

3. JOHAN SANTANA, TWINS He has it all. And, he's a lefty.

4. ROY OSWALT, ASTROS Shooting for third consecutive 20-win campaign.

5. CHRIS CARPENTER, CARDINALS Control freak is 41-10 since 2004.

FIVE WHO ARE HEAD CASES

1. MANNY RAMIREZ, RED SOX Heck, it's just Manny being Manny.

2. MILTON BRADLEY, ATHLETICS Did anger management classes help?

3. CARL EVERETT, MARINERS Crazy Carl is anti-fan, anti-dinosaur, anti-gay.

4. SIDNEY PONSON, CARDINALS Bad news when he hits the bottle.

5. DARREN DAULTON, RETIRED Ex-Phillie says world will end on Dec. 12.

FIVE FOR A GOLD GLOVE

1. JIM EDMONDS, CARDINALS Centre-fielder has eight in his collection.

2. ERIC CHAVEZ, ATHLETICS Deserves a Vezina for work at third.

3. TORII HUNTER, TWINS Nobody climbs a wall like Spider-Man.

4. GREG MADDUX, CUBS One short of tying the career record (16).

5. MIKE MATHENY, BREWERS Sure-handed catcher.

FIVE FOR A NEW GLOVE

1. ALFONSO SORIANO, NATIONALS Leaden-gloved IF has been exiled to LF.

2. MANNY RAMIREZ, RED SOX Every ball is an adventure.

3. EDGAR RENTERIA, BRAVES Shortstop led majors with 30 miscues in '05.

4. RUSS ADAMS, BLUE JAYS Rookie growing pains included 26 bobbles.

5. DAVID BELL, PHILLIES A cranky back won't help on the Hot Corner.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Ron Vesely, MLB Photos via Getty Images / How did the World
Series-champion White Sox get better? They added Javier Vazquez to their
rotation.; Black & White
Photo: Jonathan Daniel, Getty Images; The Astros are without Roger Clemens, but
still possess an ace in left-hander Andy Pettitte.; Black & White
Photo: Vladimir Guerrero.; Black & White
Photo: Kerry Wood.; Black & White
Photo: Johan Santana.; Black & White
Photo: Manny Ramirez.; Black & White
Photo: Jim Edmonds.; Black & White
Photo: Alfonso Soriano.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 19, 2007 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

Scoring down this season even as offenses heat up

SECTION: SPORTS; Raymond Beasock; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 470 words


With every Tom Brady touchdown pass and every Adrian Peterson touchdown run, it
sure does seem like scoring is up this year around the league.

Strangely, it isn't. But if you were facing Brady or Peterson last week, you
could swear it is. And Heaven forbid your opponent had both of them.

Ouch!

Last year, scoring in the NFL came out to 10,577 points. That's an average of
661 a week and 20.8 points a game.

So far through Week 6, teams have put up 3,765 points. That's 627.5 a week and a
19.6 ppg average.

It seems strange because it looks like New England is going to break records
this season and its offense isn't the only one that's firing on all cylinders.

I also don't recall two teams putting up 50-plus points on another squad through
Week 6. Cleveland put up 51 on Cincinnati in Week 2 and Philadelphia put up 56
on Detroit in Week 3.

Seven teams have put up 40-plus points in a game this season as well.

Last year through Week 6, there were no 50-point games, but there were also
seven 40-plus point contests.

Is this a product of offenses finally catching up with defenses or is it a shift
in mentality?

When Indianapolis won the Super Bowl last year they used their various weapons
on offense to bust open the Bears' staunch defense.

It seems teams have adapted that philosophy so far this season. The Patriots
loaded up on offensive playmakers such as Randy Moss, and now they've got
potentially one of the most prolific offenses ever assembled.

Much like the Bears last year, the Patriots were known more for their defense.
But it was the Colts' offense that outshined them both, proving it's not just
defense that wins championships.

START 'EM

Willie Parker, RB, Pittsburgh: He's a safe start most weeks, but he could really
have a huge game against the worst rush defense in the league.

Laveranues Coles, WR, N.Y. Jets: The Bengals have given up the second-most
touchdowns through the air in the league. Coles should get plenty of looks and
maybe a few scores.

Patrick Crayton, WR, Dallas: The Vikings have the worst pass defense in the
league. Look for Tony Romo to exploit it through Crayton as the Vikings look to
stop Jason Witten and Terrell Owens.

SIT 'EM

Edgerrin James, RB, Arizona: The Cardinals have big problems at quarterback and
until they get that solved expect teams to load up against the run. Washington
is third in the league in total defense.

Jay Cutler, QB, Denver: The average quarterback rating against the Steelers this
year is 64.7. That adds up to bad news for Cutler.

Marion Barber/Julius Jones, RBs, Dallas: The Vikings haven't given up a
touchdown on the ground all season.

WAKE-UP CALL

Drew Brees, QB, New Orleans: He started to get back on track last week and he
faces Atlanta, which is giving up 220-plus yards a game.

Reach Raymond Beasock at (706) 823-3221 or raymond.beasock@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Wickford Barracks

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: New York



 Providence: The State of Rhode Island has issued the followin news release:
 Troopers arrested Alissa Greenwood, age 19, of 322 Lowell Avenue, Apt 1,
Providence, Rhode Island on an Affidavit and Arrest Warrant for Simple Domestic
Assault - Domestic Malicious Damage, originating out of the Providence Police
Department. The arrest was the result of a motor vehicle stop on Route 95 in the
City of Warwick. The subject was transported to the Wickford Barracks where she
was processed and later transported to the Providence Police Department.





 On Saturday December 17, 2016 at 9:45 P.M. Troopers arrested Wilson Clark, age
37, of 1394 Crotona Avenue, Apt. 2B, Bronx, New York for 1.) Driving Under the
Influence of Liquor and/or Drugs - 1st Offense - BAC Unknown 2.) Refusal to
Submit to a Chemical Test - 1st Offense 3.) Driving without a license - 1st
Offense. The arrest a result of a motor vehicle stop on Route 95 North, in the
Town of East Greenwich. The subject was transported to the Wickford Barracks
where he was processed, arraigned by a Justice of the Peace, and released into
the custody of a responsible adult.



 On Sunday December 18, 2016 at 12:48 A.M. Troopers arrested Terrell Judd, age
25, of 79 Rutherglen Ave, Apt. 3, Providence, Rhode Island for a 1.) Sixth
District Court Bench Warrant for Failure to Appear for Arraignment on an
Operating Without a License - 3rd Offense originating out of Providence Police
Department and 2.) Operating Without a License - 3rd Offense. The arrest was a
result of a motor vehicle stop on Jefferson Boulevard in the City of Warwick.
The subject was transported to the Wickford Barracks where he was processed and
held overnight for morning arraignment.



 On Sunday December 18, 2016 at 12:48 A.M. Troopers arrested Nohely Luna, age
27, of 187 Colfax Street, Providence, Rhode Island on a Sixth District Family
Court Bench Warrant for Reciprocal Body Attachment. The arrest was a result of a
motor vehicle stop on Jefferson Boulevard in the City of Warwick. The subject
was transported to the Wickford Barracks where she was processed and later
transported to Adult Correctional Institution - Women's Intake.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Wickford Barracks

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: New York



 Providence: The State of Rhode Island has issued the followin news release:
 Troopers arrested Alissa Greenwood, age 19, of 322 Lowell Avenue, Apt 1,
Providence, Rhode Island on an Affidavit and Arrest Warrant for Simple Domestic
Assault - Domestic Malicious Damage, originating out of the Providence Police
Department. The arrest was the result of a motor vehicle stop on Route 95 in the
City of Warwick. The subject was transported to the Wickford Barracks where she
was processed and later transported to the Providence Police Department.





 On Saturday December 17, 2016 at 9:45 P.M. Troopers arrested Wilson Clark, age
37, of 1394 Crotona Avenue, Apt. 2B, Bronx, New York for 1.) Driving Under the
Influence of Liquor and/or Drugs - 1st Offense - BAC Unknown 2.) Refusal to
Submit to a Chemical Test - 1st Offense 3.) Driving without a license - 1st
Offense. The arrest a result of a motor vehicle stop on Route 95 North, in the
Town of East Greenwich. The subject was transported to the Wickford Barracks
where he was processed, arraigned by a Justice of the Peace, and released into
the custody of a responsible adult.



 On Sunday December 18, 2016 at 12:48 A.M. Troopers arrested Terrell Judd, age
25, of 79 Rutherglen Ave, Apt. 3, Providence, Rhode Island for a 1.) Sixth
District Court Bench Warrant for Failure to Appear for Arraignment on an
Operating Without a License - 3rd Offense originating out of Providence Police
Department and 2.) Operating Without a License - 3rd Offense. The arrest was a
result of a motor vehicle stop on Jefferson Boulevard in the City of Warwick.
The subject was transported to the Wickford Barracks where he was processed and
held overnight for morning arraignment.



 On Sunday December 18, 2016 at 12:48 A.M. Troopers arrested Nohely Luna, age
27, of 187 Colfax Street, Providence, Rhode Island on a Sixth District Family
Court Bench Warrant for Reciprocal Body Attachment. The arrest was a result of a
motor vehicle stop on Jefferson Boulevard in the City of Warwick. The subject
was transported to the Wickford Barracks where she was processed and later
transported to Adult Correctional Institution - Women's Intake.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 12, 2008 Friday
                               N-j Final Edition

Sumlar runs like a FordB-CU running back off to stellar start

BYLINE: BRENT WORONOFF - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION B; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


DAYTONA BEACH -- Bethune-Cookman coach Alvin Wyatt was surprised to hear that
South Carolina State's Will Ford is not a senior.

Thinking the running back is a senior is an understandable mistake. Ford, who is
only a junior, has already rushed for 2,315 yards in his career and coming into
this season was voted the Mid- Eastern Athletic Conference Preseason Offensive
Player of the Year.

Although the Wildcats have managed to keep him in check in their first two
meetings, Wyatt was a bit dispirited to learn this week that Saturday's game at
Charleston, S.C., won't be the last time B- CU will have to face Ford. "I think
he's a great running back," Wyatt said. "He has vision, power, good hands as
well as speed. He has all the tools of being a great one."

Now that Wyatt knows the Ford era is just half over, at least he can present the
Bulldogs a bit of their own medicine. For perhaps the first time in Wyatt's
12-year tenure as head coach, B-CU has a running back on Ford's level.

In his first start last week against Alabama State, sophomore Brian Sumlar ran
for 114 yards and two scores. "He kind of reminds you of Adrian Peterson with
the Chicago Bears who played for Georgia Southern," South Carolina State coach
Buddy Pough said.

That might be because Sumlar plays in the same type of triple- option offense
Peterson played in during college. Peterson is the poster boy of triple-option
running backs in the NFL, because he is one of the few backs with NFL talent who
was willing to get beat up in that offense.

Sumlar runs in a much more physical offense than Ford," Wyatt said. "We're
diving Sumlar into the thick of things, and that defensivehits him every time.
At South Carolina State they like to stretch it out, and when the give the ball
to Ford, they block that defensive end."

The adjustment to a three-point stance was difficult for Sumlar when he was a
freshman last season, Wyatt said.

We came into (this) season wanting to establish our B-Back," Wyatt said. "Brian
is one of our team captains now as a sophomore, and he sees the benefits of this
offense."

Other than the three-point stance, Sumlar said playing running back for the
Wildcats is no different than playing the position anywhere else.

Everything else is still being a running back, using your vision and your
speed," Sumlar said.

While Ford replaced another great running back in DeShawn Baker, a back like
Sumlar is not likely to come through B-CU's doors every couple of years. Not
with its offense.

In South Carolina State's offense, Sumlar would be awesome," Wyatt said,
"because he could fly."

Ford and Sumlar both seem to have the unusual combination of speed, quickness,
vision and strength that the NFL looks for in running backs.

They're both fast, and they're both dangerous with the ball in their hands,"
B-CU defensive lineman Dexter Jackson said. "But it's hard to compare them
because they're in such different schemes."

It might be easier to compare them off the field. Both are hard workers and good
citizens, their coaches say.

Will is a quality guy. He's just been really special," Pough said.

Sumlar is deeply religious and soft-spoken and commands as much respect for the
type of person he is as he does for his football ability, his coaches and
teammates say.

But with Sumlar, the Wildcats have at least one advantage over the Bulldogs'
Ford -- an extra season.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Bethune-Cookman running back Brian Sumlar ran for 114
yards and two touchdowns last Saturday against Alabama State. News-Journal/ SEAN
MCNEILPhoto 2: Brian Sumlar

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2008 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2008 News-Journal Corporation


                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 11, 2009 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

team tracking Who's hot, who's not

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D12

LENGTH: 629 words

Slipping: Auburn

The Arkansas secondary rendered No. 17 Auburn's high-octane attack useless for
three quarters, plenty long enough for a Razorbacks offense that is plenty
capable in its own right to manufacture a 44-23 upset. In fact, it was difficult
to tell which turnaround was more marked -- that of an Arkansas defense that had
allowed Georgia to tally 52 points nearly a month ago, or that of an Auburn
offense that entered the day ranked No. 5 in the nation in scoring and total
offense.

So what happened to the prolific offense that had engendered ample praise for
first-year offensive coordinator Gus Malzahn and first-year Coach Gene Chizik?
Arkansas  defensive  coordinator Willy Robinson told reporters the Razorbacks
"didn't see anything [Malzahn] had done in the previous five games" in the first
eight plays Saturday, and yet Arkansas held the Tigers to their first scoreless
quarter of the season. The Razorbacks also forced three Auburn turnovers. After
Auburn allowed   44 points, one could argue the Tigers' true problems are
related to defense.   But the inconsistency displayed by Malzahn's offense
against the worst defense -- statistically speaking -- in the Southeastern
Conference is disconcerting, to say the least.

 Rising: Virginia, Virginia Tech

Few ACC football followers should be surprised to discover that the conference's
hottest team resides in Virginia. What might pique folks' interest is that the
squad from Charlottesville could lay stake to that title just as justifiably as
the one from Blacksburg. Al Groh's Cavaliers pounded Indiana, 47-7, on Saturday,
and while the opponent might not be all that impressive, the manner in which
Virginia dismantled the Hoosiers was.

During its bye week two weeks ago, Virginia abandoned the spread offense
introduced by first-year offensive coordinator Gregg Brandon and returned to the
more traditional method of attack that had been a staple of Groh's past teams.
Virginia has since outscored its opponents, 63-10, a disparity for which a
renewed defensive effort is just as much responsible. The Cavaliers have won 11
of their past 12 October games.

No. 5 Virginia Tech also has raised eyebrows in recent weeks with its imposing
play. As the Hokies proved once again Saturday in a 48-14 win over Boston
College, they are no longer a team dependent on a stout defense. Quarterback
Tyrod Taylor and running back Ryan Williams lead a two-dimensional attack that
racked up 206 passing yards and 235 rushing yards against the Eagles.

-  Holding Steady: Kansas, South Carolina

No. 16 Kansas allowed Iowa State -- which resides in the bottom third of the Big
12 in total offense -- to compile 512 yards on Saturday, but the Jayhawks
survived, 41-36, thanks to record-setting individual performances by members of
its own attack. Likewise, No. 25 South Carolina slid by Kentucky on the efforts
of a few key players.

Kansas quarterback Todd Reesing threw for a career-high 442 yards and four
touchdowns. Dezmon Briscoe caught 12 of Reesing's passes and his 186 yards
pushed him into the top spot in the Kansas record book for career receiving
yards. Jayhawks wide receiver Kerry Meier set a school record for receptions in
a game (16) and receptions in a career (167). The Kansas defense nearly negated
reason to enjoy such achievements by allowing a season-high 36 points.

For South Carolina, it was sophomore quarterback Stephen Garcia who saved the
day. Garcia threw for three touchdowns and ran for another to propel the
Gamecocks to a 28-26  win over Kentucky. Though the Wildcats tallied 205 rushing
yards against what had been a stingy South Carolina defense, Gamecocks defensive
end Cliff Matthews knocked down a potentially game-tying two-point conversion
pass with less than five minutes remaining.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By John Mcdonnell -- The Washington Post; Ryan Williams tears
through the Boston College defense, helping the fifth-ranked Hokies rack up 235
rushing yards in a 48-14 win.
IMAGE
IMAGE; By Mary Ann Chastain -- Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 20, 2009 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

A-11 offense reined in by national body;
The controversial football formation can be used only on fourth down, the rules
panel says.

BYLINE: By Don Beideman; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS SPORTS; Inq High School Sports; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 365 words


The National Federation of State High School Associations' football rules
committee has "clarified" a rule that will restrict the use of the innovative
but controversial A-11 spread offense.

At least 10 state athletic associations had previously banned the offense that
was developed by coaches at Piedmont High, a small school in the San Francisco
Bay area. Pennsylvania was not one of them.

The offense, which features two quarterbacks in the shotgun formation, uses an
exception in the numbering system for a scrimmage kick to make all 11 players
(wearing numbers 1-49 or 80-99) potential receivers. Only six players could go
downfield for a pass, however.

"The definition of a scrimmage kick formation was clarified to differentiate
formations that have been used traditionally for attempting a field goal or . .
. those used for a punt," said Robert Colgate of the National Federation. "In
addition, the circumstances under which the numbering exception can be utilized
have been changed to clarify what can be done on first, second, third and fourth
downs."

Although Colgate said specific wording for the clarification had not been
developed yet, PIAA executive director Brad Cashman, a member of the rules
committee, said essentially that the A-11 offense would be restricted to use on
fourth down.

Coaches Kurt Bryan and Steve Humphries said they installed the offense at
800-student Piedmont to offset a size disadvantage their team faced at virtually
every game.

North Carolina is among the individual states that banned the formation. Mark
Dreibelbis, its director of officials, said last fall that the formation was
"unfair to the defense and cannot be officiated."

On the other hand, Cashman said he didn't see those problems. "It's nothing more
than a spread offense. It's not that difficult to defend."

Although no Pennsylvania team is known to have used the formation as an
every-down play, several coaches in this area had expressed some interest in it.

As members of the federation, the PIAA schools will have to abide by whatever
editorial changes are made in the rules that would affect the A-11 offense.

Contact staff writer Don Beideman at 610-696-2652

or dbeideman@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 21, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Tampa Bay's Offense Got Better by the Game

BYLINE:  By BUSTER OLNEY

SECTION: Section D; Column 5; Sports Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 903 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO, Jan. 20


Jon Gruden did not know the identity of his quarterback when he jumped the
Oakland Raiders to become coach of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers last winter, or whom
that quarterback would throw to, or whether the offensive line would provide
enough time for anyone to throw.

There were more problems once Gruden began to try to quilt his offense. The
players struggled to grasp his version of the West Coast offense, and
quarterback Brad Johnson -- unaided by a credible running game, unprotected by a
floundering offensive line -- was often left lying in the grass, having been
slammed onto his back.

But the patches have been sewn together, creating an offense worthy of the Super
Bowl. "We have progressed in the last eight games of the season," Johnson said.

He said that since playing the Philadelphia Eagles on Oct. 20 and losing, 20-10,
the Buccaneers had "improved drastically as an offense, especially up front."

"That's been a big improvement, and it has been the heart and soul of our team,"
Johnson said.

In the last eight games started by Johnson, who missed the final two games of
the regular season because of injuries, Tampa Bay has scored 27.1 points a game,
after scoring about 19 a game in the first half of the season. The Buccaneers
beat San Francisco, 31-6, in the divisional round of the playoffs before
thumping Philadelphia, 27-10, on Sunday in the conference title game.

Johnson played for Tampa Bay last season, and Shaun King, a starter before
Johnson's arrival, was still on the roster. Gruden wanted more alternatives when
he arrived, so the Buccaneers signed Rob Johnson, a quarterback who had
struggled with Buffalo but who still oozed talent.

As Gruden spent time with Brad Johnson during quarterback orientation last
spring, talking with him -- testing him in the way Gruden does, the constant
implicit challenges -- Gruden came to like him.

"The more I was around him, the more I knew this guy loved football and details
mattered," Gruden said. "When I saw the ball spin out of his hand, and with
accuracy, I was excited about it."

Precision passing, something Johnson excels at, is a desired element in the West
Coast offense. But Johnson is 34, he had only intermittent experience playing in
similar systems and Gruden had his doubts. "But we have kind of grown up
together," Gruden said. "We still have some growing to do, but he's a great
pocket passer and he can really throw the ball."

There were no safe pockets for Johnson to inhabit early in the season, no
consistency to the offense. The Buccaneers had signed running back Michael
Pittman to complement Mike Alstott, and also added tight end Ken Dilger and wide
receiver Joe Jurevicius. But Tampa Bay could not muster a running game or keep
opponents from getting in Johnson's face. Philadelphia sacked Johnson five times
and injured his rib cage on Oct. 20.

The organization was confident that the offensive line would improve, because
the linemen were working in their first season under Bill Muir, an assistant who
had left the Jets to join Tampa Bay last winter. The question was whether they
would come together quickly enough.

"It's a hard offense to learn," Alstott said. "You've got new guys in, new
personnel -- and that includes the offensive line -- and you can't expect them
the first day on the gig to be at their best."

Rich McKay, the Tampa Bay general manager, said: "The thing we needed in the
offensive line was a coach who could raise up the young guys. Bill has a
reputation for being very good at it, and obviously, he's done a very nice job.

"The thing that I feel best for Bill about is that we took so much heat early in
the year about the O-line, the way they played and the inconsistency. They got
better and better every game."

Guard Cosey Coleman said that the offensive linemen learned the system, "learned
how to play along with the guy next to you."

"It took us some time, but we came together," Coleman said.

The Buccaneers' offense executed Sunday as if it were working off cheat sheets,
as if it had every answer to the perplexing riddles of the Philadelphia defense.
Johnson opened the game by throwing quickly, in three-step and five-step drops.
Tampa Bay also ran the ball early -- not for long, gashing-type runs, but just
enough to allow Johnson to use play-action passes.

This seemed to discourage the Eagles from unleashing their blitzes. Philadelphia
appeared to blitz only eight times in the first half, and the Eagles never
really attacked again until late in the third quarter, when the game was already
slipping away.

Johnson often rolled out after play action, and with solid protection he
completed 20 of 33 passes, hitting eight different receivers for a total of 259
yards.

"You've got to give Bill Muir credit, and all the offensive linemen credit,"
Alstott said, "because they've gelled together and gotten better each and every
game. They're the engine behind what this offense has done."

McKay called the line's effort against the Eagles "their best game of the year,
unquestionably."

Johnson's health was imperiled by the line's play the first two months of the
season, but he is still playing in January, in Super Bowl XXXVII, still adapting
to Gruden's offense, the improvement coming rapidly now.

"I think it takes two or three years to really learn a system inside-out," he
said. "I'm trying to become that seven-degree black belt, that ninja warrior."

And the leader of a dangerous offense.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Tampa Bay's offense has improved under Brad Johnson. (Reuters)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: METRO; Pg. T22

LENGTH: 1077 words

Anne Arundel County

The following were among incidents reported by Anne Arundel County police. For
information, call 410-222-8050.

BROOKLYN PARK AREA

ASSAULTS

 Fifth Ave.,  400 block, 11:37 a.m. Oct. 21. After an argument, a woman stabbed
an acquaintance in the arm. A Baltimore woman, 33, was charged with first-degree
assault.

EDGEWATER AREA

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Eighth Ave.,  3600 block, 3:15 a.m. Oct. 18. A male was found attempting to
kick in a door at a home, and he fled. An investigation revealed he was in
possession of stolen property and might be responsible for the theft of items
stolen from vehicles. An Edgewater man, 26, was charged with attempted burglary
and theft less than $100.

GLEN BURNIE AREA

BOMB THREAT

 Mountain Rd.,  100 block, 3:57 p.m. Oct. 20. A former male employee threatened
to blow up a fast-food restaurant if he did not receive his paycheck
immediately. A Glen Burnie man, 19, was charged with disorderly conduct and
threat of arson.

ODENTON AREA

ROBBERIES

 Annapolis Rd.,  1100 block, 1:29 a.m. Oct. 22. An armed male robbed a
convenience store and fled on foot.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Old Waugh Chapel Rd.,  600 block, 3:59 p.m. Oct. 19. Two males were seen
walking away from a home with tools. A Gambrills man, 45, was charged with
fourth-degree burglary and trespassing. The second male was not found.

PASADENA AREA

ROBBERIES

 Mountain Rd.,  4500 block, 11:35 p.m. Oct. 21. A male implied he had a weapon.
He robbed a convenience store and fled on foot.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Ritchie Hwy.,  8000 block, 4:50 a.m. Oct. 19. A male was found hiding in a
vehicle with various tools. A Pasadena man, 51, was charged with fourth-degree
burglary, possession of burglary tools, and rogue and vagabond.

Annapolis

These were among incidents reported by the Annapolis Police Department. For
information, call 410-268-9000.

ROBBERIES

 Church Cir.,  1:37 p.m. Oct. 15. An armed male robbed an employee in an office
at a restaurant and then fled.

ASSAULTS

 Newtowne Dr.,  700 block, 11:07 p.m. Oct. 17. A Glen Burnie man, 22, was shot
in the leg by an unknown person. An investigation revealed that the man was also
shooting at the time of the injury. He was charged with discharging a firearm
and other related offenses.

SEX OFFENSE

 Forest Dr.,  1300 block, Oct. 18. While investigating a report of a runaway, it
was discovered that two girls, 10 and 12, were sexually assaulted. An Annapolis
man, 56, was charged with two counts of second-degree rape, four counts of
second-degree sex offense, five counts of third-degree sex offense, five counts
of fourth-degree sex offense, three counts of perverted practice, two counts of
sexual solicitation of a minor, and five counts of second- degree assault.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Bay Ridge Rd.,  900 block, 5:30 p.m. Oct. 14 to 11 a.m. Oct. 15. A door at a
business was damaged, but entry was not gained.

East St.,  1 p.m. Oct. 8 to 12:30 p.m. Oct. 14. Rechargeable batteries, sunglass
lenses, and a portable water purifier were stolen from a home.

Hillsmere Dr.,  100 block, 3:30 a.m. Oct. 16. A front door at a business was
broken, but it was unclear whether anything was stolen.

Sixth St.,  300 block, 10:15 p.m. Oct. 16. Cash was stolen from a vehicle. An
Annapolis man, 35, was charged with theft and rogue and vagabond.

Streamwood Ct.,  6 a.m. Oct. 14 to 9:10 a.m. Oct. 21. A shotgun, TV, grass
trimmer and tool kit were stolen from a home.

Warren Dr.,  700 block, 4:42 p.m. Oct. 16. Several items were moved inside a
home, but nothing was reported stolen.

West St.,  2:50 a.m. Oct. 17. A bicycle was stolen from a parking lot.

Windwhisper Lane,  7 p.m. Oct. 18 to 7:30 a.m. Oct. 19. Electronics were stolen
from a vehicle.

Howard County

These were among incidents reported by the Howard County Police Department. For
information, call 410-313-2236.

CLARKSVILLE AREA

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Morning Dew Ct.,  6300 block, 6 p.m. Oct. 15 to 2 p.m. Oct. 16. A side door at
a home was damaged, but entry was not gained.

COLUMBIA AREA

ROBBERIES

 Campus Dr.,  5000 block, 12:38 a.m. Oct. 14. During an argument a male
assaulted another male and stole his cellphone.

HOME INVASION

 Angelina Cir.,  9500 block, 8:55 p.m. Oct. 19. After a homeowner answered her
front door, a male pushed his way into the home, stole a backpack and fled. A
second armed male was seen outside the door.

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Brook Way,  5200 block, 3:51 p.m. Oct. 20. Two males forced entry into a home
and put items into their pants and a backpack, and fled in a vehicle.

Quiet Hours,  6500 block, Sept. 9 to 16. A sliding glass door at a home was
damaged, but entry was not gained.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

 Hickory Ridge Rd.,  10400 block, 6:42 a.m. Oct. 18. A 1999 Toyota Camry was
stolen.

Pinecone Row,  9400 block, Oct. 17 to 1:02 p.m. Oct. 18. A 2015 Chevy Traverse
was stolen.

INDECENT EXPOSURE

 Little Patuxent Pkwy.,  10300 block, 6:26 p.m. Oct. 16. A male exposed himself
at a store and fled.

ELKRIDGE AREA

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Ducketts Lane,  6200 block, 4 p.m. Oct. 14. Someone broke into a townhouse, but
nothing was reported stolen.

Roosevelt Blvd.,  5:08 a.m. Oct. 16. A male entered a business through an
unlocked window, but nothing was reported stolen. A Halethorpe man, 29, was
charged with fourth-degree burglary and malicious destruction of property.

Singers Way,  7400 block, 8:07 p.m. Oct. 14. Property was stolen from a vehicle
inside an open garage. A Columbia female, 17, was charged with first-degree
burglary. A Columbia man, 18, and a woman, 20, and an Ellicott City man, 21,
were charged with first-, second- and fourth-degree burglary, home invasion and
malicious destruction of property.

ELLICOTT CITY AREA

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Jay Dr.,  3400 block, 12:30 a.m. Oct. 22. Cash was stolen from a home.

HANOVER AREA

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Augustine Ave.,  6000 block, 3:30 a.m. Oct. 15. Two locks were cut on a shed,
but nothing was stolen.

JESSUP AREA

THEFTS/BREAK-INS

 Guilford Rd.,  10400 block, 4:30 p.m. Oct. 20 to 5:15 a.m. Oct. 21. A side door
at a concrete business was damaged, and keys, a work truck with pieces of
equipment and tools were stolen.

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

 Routes 1 and 32,  1:37 p.m. Oct. 18. A white Mazda was stolen.

LAUREL AREA

MOTOR VEHICLE THEFTS

 All Saints Rd. and Route 216,  11:34 a.m. Oct. 10. A 2012 gray Nissan
Pathfinder was stolen.

Junction Dr.,  9000 block, Oct. 17 to 8:16 a.m. Oct. 18. A 2008 Ford E-250 was
stolen.

Ridings Way,  9300 block, 5 p.m. Oct. 16 to 2:33 p.m. Oct. 17. A black Dodge
Charger was stolen.

- Compiled by Bonnie Smith

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 4, 2013, Friday

MARSHALL FOOTBALL NOTEBOOK;
UTSA's defense has been vulnerable

BYLINE: Doug Smock, Staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P5B

LENGTH: 942 words


UTSA at MARSHALL

When: 2 p.m. Saturday

TV: None locally

Line: Marshall by 14

When Marshall's offense prepared for Gardner-Webb last month, it didn't have
much relevant video to see. OK, so it didn't matter on that week, but it might
have against a tougher opponent.

Fortunately for offensive coordinator Bill Legg, Texas-San Antonio has played a
few similar offenses to what the Thundering Herd runs, most recently the game
last weekend against Houston.

The Roadrunners' defense isn't as notable as their offense, but Legg must figure
out how to exploit that unit just like any other opponent. This time, he has
more to look at.

"More is better," Legg said. "Especially on a team that you really haven't
played before and know very, very little about. More is better.

"We've seen, really, three teams that run some version of a '10' personnel [one
back, no tight ends] and an '11' personnel [one back, one tight end] concepts in
their offense. Seeing Houston gave us more insight into the variables they can
use vs. those types of thing. One of them was Oklahoma State, and one was
Arizona.

"Arizona is significantly different in concepts, the plays that they run, to
what Oklahoma State and Houston run, [which] are almost identical in a lot of
ways."

Translated: The Roadrunners' defense has played a few offenses that are
similarly high-tempo, high-powered as that of Marshall. They went 0-3 against
the above teams, and will try not to sink further on Saturday at Joan C. Edwards
Stadium.

UTSA (2-3, 0-1) and Marshall (2-2, 0-0) kick it off at 2 p.m. in MU's homecoming
game and Conference USA opener. If the Herd offense hasn't become rusty from the
week off, it may wear out the Roadrunners' defense.

That defensive unit gave up 21 points in the fourth quarter of the 59-28 loss to
Houston, but those came on drives of 59, 54 and 15 yards. The 38-13 loss to
Arizona was more lopsided, as Rich Rodriguez's spread offense ran for 264 yards.
The week before, Oklahoma State piled up 605 total yards.

But against lesser teams, the Roadrunners have looked stronger. They blanked New
Mexico for the final 41 minutes, 42 seconds in a 21-13 win and limited Texas-El
Paso to 218 total yards in a 32-13 win.

So what will give Rakeem Cato and company trouble?

"They make you beat them," Legg said. "They're not an overly complicated group,
very similar to what we've talked about in the previous couple of opponents
[Ohio, Virginia Tech]. They're not going to try to trick you a bunch; they're
going to try to make sure where they're supposed to be and when they're supposed
to be there and what their keys and cues are.

"They keep the ball in front of them and tackle well, and two big ol' defensive
tackles [315-pound Ashad Mabry, 290-pound Richard Burge] that anchor down in
there and force the ball to the ends and linebackers, and make plays when given
the opportunity. Just a sound team, tough team, physical team."

Free safety Triston Wade, the team's only first-team All-Western Athletic
Conference selection last year, leads with 47 tackles. The next three are rover
Brian King (32), middle linebacker Drew Douglass (31) and "Hawk" linebacker
Steven Kurfehs (30). Sacks have been tough to come by, as the Roadrunners have
just six.

But the most debilitating statistic is takeaways - they have forced just one in
five games. That's last among the five reclassifying FBS teams, and worse than
the 123 full members. To add insult, that one recovered fumble came at Arizona,
after the Wildcats took that 38-13 lead.

"We won eight games last year because we had [29] takeaways," Coker said.
"That's one thing we've got to get corrected.

---

Holliday expected all recent injuries to heal this week, excepting defensive end
Jeremiah Taylor. Had the Herd played last weekend, Holliday said that would not
have been the case.

That includes "Z" receiver Craig Wilkins, a notable absence two weeks ago
against Virginia Tech. He has been trying to get his hamstring right, and keep
it that way. Wilkins pronounced himself 100 percent for Saturday's game.

Demetrius Evans, who has emerged as the receiving corps' "jack of all trades,"
took over much of the "Z" duties. He is No. 2 on the Herd in receptions with 15,
for 105 yards.

---

Saturday's game could shape up as battle of the brain-cramped special teams.
Much like Marshall, UTSA has given up special-teams touchdowns in each of the
last two games.

UTEP took a first-quarter lead with a 100-yard kickoff return, from which UTSA
recovered. Not so with Houston's 78-yard blocked field goal return last week,
which gave the Cougars a 31-21 lead in the third quarter and cracked open the
floodgates.

---

Herd left guard Sebastian Johansson hasn't shied away from playing in pain in
his rise to the starting position. And that reputation has spread quickly to his
homeland of Sweden.

The daily newspaper in his hometown of Karlstad, Varmlands Folkblad, checked in
with Johansson, the sophomore who played high school ball in Raceland, Ky. He
talked about his experience at Marshall, and the ups, downs and aches that go
along with it.

"Krassliga som bara den, jag har dragit ett finger ur led igan s det h nglat
lite," he told the newspaper. "Men det ar bara att bita ihop."

As translated by Google: "Ailing like crazy, I have drawn a finger dislocated
again as it has messed a bit. But that is just to bite the bullet."

As with many languages, the syntax differs. The lumberjack-bearded Johansson
speaks English better than many Americans, but playing through a dislocated
finger may be more impressive. Or one on each hand, as he did this spring.

Reach Doug Smock at 304-348-5140, dougsmock@wvgazette.com or follow him at
twitter.com/dougsmock.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 6, 2003, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Texans finally find high gear for offense

BYLINE: Jarrett Bell

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C; AFC beat

LENGTH: 845 words

To pull off the NFL's biggest upset last weekend, the Houston Texans needed a
huge jolt from their offense. A year ago, this would have been laughable.

Especially against one of the league's best defenses.

But this is how far the Texans' offense has progressed: After a flat first half
(zero points, two first downs), with a backup quarterback who hadn't started in
24 games (Tony Banks) and even after their sudden-star of a tailback, Domanick
Davis, left with an injury, Houston mounted three impressive second-half drives
-- two for touchdowns and another six-minute clock meltdown -- to hang a 14-10
shocker on the Carolina Panthers.


"We'll have some more bumps in the road," Texans offensive coordinator Chris
Palmer said Wednesday, "but we can see some things starting to click."

Last year Palmer had the NFL's worst offense, fielding six rookie starters on an
expansion team. The rookie quarterback, David Carr, was sacked an NFL-record 76
times. In an upset win at Pittsburgh, the offense totaled 47 yards for the
entire game.

But they are growing up. The Texans rank 13th in total offense, with 328.3 yards
a game. Last year's rookies, such as Carr and left tackle Chester Pitts, are
playing with more poise. Free-agent pickups such as Zach Wiegert and Greg
Randall have helped settle the line, which ranks among the NFL's top 10 with
just 14 sacks allowed. And draft pickups Davis and Andre Johnson threaten to
become the NFL's first 1,000-yard rusher/1,000-yard receiver rookie tandem.

"Last year, we came into this thing brand new," says tight end Billy Miller,
whose 20-yard haul Sunday marked his second consecutive game-winning TD. "It's a
huge jump from freshman year to sophomore year."

Miller loves the brick-hard style and quick bursts that Davis (5-9, 216)
provides after splitting time at LSU last year. Until he suffered a chest bruise
Sunday (12 rushes, 74 yards), Davis was set to become the first player in NFL
history to rush for 100 yards in each of his first three starts.

"He stirs the pot," Miller says. "I knew he was special the second week in camp.
I went up to him and said, 'Man, what's the deal, how did you last until the
fourth round?' He just smiled."

If Davis is the steal of the draft, leading NFL rookies with 711 yards from
scrimmage, then Johnson, drafted No. 3 overall from Miami (Fla.), has delivered
as promised. He leads AFC rookies with 559 yards on 39 catches. The added
options help stretch defenses and allow more sophisticated play-calling.

The game-winner Sunday was dubbed "76 Y Hook-N-Go, Z Option," with Miller
shaking a linebacker on a double move. But other plays were just as significant,
including Johnson's corner route for 35 yards and Jabar Gaffney's 12-yard grab
on a third-and-6.

"We don't make those plays a year ago," said Palmer, whose unit had 88- and
72-yard TD drives with a 7-for-8 third-down rate in the second half. "The timing
would have been off just a bit. Or the receiver would have been a fraction of a
second late in getting open. Or the quarterback wouldn't have had time to make
the throw. Something would have happened."

But now? "Each week, we get a little bit better," Palmer said. "That's what
we're selling our guys."

 Educated rookie: Wade Smith may have helped cost his team a victory with what
he called his worst game on any level Sunday against the Indianapolis Colts, but
the rookie left tackle earned much respect in the Miami Dolphins' locker room
for his stand-up approach in facing the music. Smith, beaten for four sacks,
including the one that sealed the Colts' win when Dwight Freeney forced a Brian
Griese fumble, took his media grilling without flinching.

This was a stark contrast to kicker Olindo Mare's refusal to meet the press
after missing two late field goals during a mid-October overtime loss vs. New
England -- which miffed some of the Dolphins players.

Said Smith: "You're going to have days like this. It's what are you going to do
to respond to it?"

It doesn't get easier. Sunday at Tennessee, Smith will face Jevon Kearse, who
has a five-game sack streak.

Quick slants: Kansas City coach Dick Vermeil on New England's Bill Belichick:
"Nobody coaches any better than that guy." Vermeil says that Belichick's call to
take a safety rather than punt from his end zone not only gave his team a chance
for a last-minute win at Denver but shook up strategy. "It now forces every head
coach to once again rethink that," Vermeil said.  . . .  Patriots strong safety
Rodney Harrison, labeled over-the-hill when cut by San Diego, is having a Pro
Bowl season. He leads New England with 80 tackles. And one of the most
frequently fined players has cut down on mail from the league office that fueled
a "dirty player" rep. He has been fined just once this season for an illegal
hit.  . . .  Kyle Boller remains the AFC's lowest-rated passer (62.3), but the
Baltimore rookie has a 4-2 touchdown-to-interception ratio the last four games.
In his first four starts, he threw six interceptions and two TDs.

LOAD-DATE: November 06, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Brett Coomer, AP; Clutch performer: The Texans' Billy
Miller has two consecutive game-winning touchdown catches.

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

           October 21, 2000, Saturday, Home Edition The Metro version
                           of this story was longer.

MARTA arrest solves TV case

BYLINE: Don Plummer, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3G

LENGTH: 380 words

In the end, a stolen MARTA token got Yodoran Dunet Harris removed from the FBI's
Most Wanted List.

On Wednesday, Harris, 29, was arrested when he tried to sell an undercover MARTA
officer a stolen token at the Garnett rail station, said MARTA police Chief Gene
Wilson. Harris gave MARTA Sgt. Paul Harvey a false name, but when he was booked
into the Atlanta jail a computer check of Harris' fingerprints revealed his true
identity.

The fingerprint check revealed Harris was wanted for the May 8 kidnapping,
assault and forcible sodomy of a 9-year-old Missouri girl, an alleged act that
placed him on the list.

"That's the beauty of the AFIS fingerprint computer," Wilson said Friday. "
Before AFIS, we had to send fingerprint cards to Washington and it could be six
months before we heard back. Now it's just a few hours." The FBI's Automated
Fingerprint Identification System contains fingerprints of people charged with
crimes and from military records.

Harris is the second dangerous interstate fugitive to be nabbed in Atlanta in a
week.

Last Saturday, jailer Willie T. Pennamon recognized an East Point inmate
profiled on "America's Most Wanted" as the man being sought for 18 armed
robberies in the Bronx, N.Y. Harris was profiled on the Sept. 9 edition of the
show.

FBI Special Agent Richard Kolko said that on May 8 Harris abducted and sexually
assaulted the Northwoods, Mo., elementary student after she missed her bus and
began walking to school. Harris offered the girl a ride, Kolko said. When she
accepted, Harris instead drove her to an abandoned building in nearby St. Louis.
There, St. Louis police say, Harris sexually assaulted and strangled the girl
until she fell unconscious.

The girl was able to give police a description of Harris and the car. The next
day police spotted Harris when he went to pick up his 18-year-old girlfriend,
but he escaped. After his burned and gutted car was found May 10 in East St.
Louis, Ill., police lost track of Harris until Wednesday.

MARTA's Wilson said criminals often steal tokens from dispensing machines and
sell them, though he doesn't know how Harris came to have the token that got him
arrested.

Kolko said his agency and the St. Louis police are grateful to MARTA police and
the Atlanta jail.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Yodoran Dunet Harris

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 21, 2012 Friday

Wisconsin Badgers: Offense struggles to be productive

BYLINE: By Jeff Potrykus Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 745 words


MADISON, Wis. -- This certainly isn't the script Matt Canada envisioned last
winter when he was hired as Wisconsin's offensive coordinator.

Three games into his reign, Wisconsin has one of the most ineffective offenses
in the nation.

The Badgers (2-1) enter their game against Texas-El Paso (1-2) at 11 a.m.
Saturday:

116th nationally in total offense (276.0 yards per game).

113th in scoring offense (16.3 points per game).

114th in passing offense (156.3 ypg).

94th in rushing offense (119.7 ypg).

"It has been a challenging start but it certainly falls on me," said Canada, who
was an offensive coordinator in seven of his 16 years of coaching before coming
to UW. "It's got to be better. It will be better."

Fans are wondering when -- or if -- they'll see improvement from a team that
averaged more than 40 points per game in each of the last two seasons but lost
four offensive coaches in the off-season.

They're questioning the depth of his playbook, his play-calling ability and
whether coach Bret Bielema made the right choice in finding a replacement for
the departed Paul Chryst.

"Matt had success everywhere he's (been)," Bielema said, "with moving the
football, being balanced run (and) pass... .

"I think his finest hours are yet to come for us at the University of
Wisconsin."

So how has UW's offense changed from unstoppable to unwatchable?

The factors are varied and several.

First, the execution of every position group has suffered a drop-off from last
season, when UW averaged 44.1 points, 235.6 rushing yards and 234.3 passing
yards per game.

UW hasn't been able to adequately replace departed players such as quarterback
Russell Wilson, wide receiver Nick Toon, three starting offensive linemen,
fullback Bradie Ewing and tight end Jake Byrne.

Second, the hiring and subsequent firing of offensive line coach Mike Markuson
adversely affected the development of a unit that has new starters at four of
the five positions.

Markuson's coaching resume is impressive. However, Bielema acknowledged by
firing Markuson after two games that his philosophy didn't mesh with the type of
line Bielema envisions at UW.

The promotion of graduate assistant Bart Miller, a protege of former UW
offensive line coach Bob Bostad, made sense but the journey of discovery cost
UW's linemen months of development.

"I don't think we are a long way away," left guard Ryan Groy said. "I think we
are really, really close."

Third, the instability at quarterback has clouded the overall picture. Starter
Danny O'Brien was efficient in the opener but suffered two turnovers in a loss
at Oregon State and added a third in the first half last week against Utah
State.

O'Brien went to the bench at halftime; redshirt freshman Joel Stave took over
and is set to make his first college start Saturday against UTEP.

Fourth, Canada has struggled to overcome those obstacles and find ways to get
the ball to the playmakers he has.

"We've got to put our guys in position to make plays and give them a chance and
they have to make them when they can," he said. "We just haven't made enough.
Obviously we've not been where we want to be but we will get there."

Those struggles must be put into context.

In the opener against Northern Iowa it was clear UW wanted to give a heavy
workload to tailback Montee Ball. Ball missed about two weeks of preseason camp
while working his way back from injuries suffered in an Aug. 1 assault and
needed the work.

UW ran the ball on 47 of 70 plays and although Ball's per-carry average was just
3.8 yards, UW converted 9 of 17 third-down chances and hit on two big pass
plays. O'Brien hit tight Jacob Pedersen for 22 yards to convert a third and 22
on UW's first touchdown drive and hit Jared Abbrederis for a 53-yard score off
play-action.

Unable to run the ball effectively and then falling behind by two scores at
Oregon State, O'Brien attempted 38 passes and the tailbacks had just 18 carries.

Then after Miller took over for Markuson, the clear intent was to get the
offensive line on track. UW ran the ball 45 times and passed only 16 times
against Utah State.

"We've got to do both," Canada said when asked whether the run will set up the
pass or vice versa. "All those things tie in together."

Canada knows he must begin tying the loose ends together quickly.

"It is a bottom-line business," he said. "I'm a firm believer in that. And we
have not produced. Period.

"It doesn't make any different what's going on. Nobody cares, other than
producing and winning football games."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    January 13, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Players union boss may face tax evasion charges

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 719 words


   Gene Upshaw, executive director of the NFL Players Association, faces
possible tax evasion charges, according to a report published yesterday.

The Fort Wayne News-Sentinel, citing a congressional source familiar with a
Labor Department investigation of the union's financial records, reported that
the Justice Department is considering criminal charges against Upshaw.

The newspaper said a Justice Department internal memo "strongly suggests" that
there is sufficient evidence to indict the former player.

Upshaw was not available for comment.

At issue, the source said, is a "six-figure loan" to Upshaw from the NFLPA.
"There is some discrepancy about whether (the money) was a loan, salary,
compensation, or whatever."

Charger arrested

San Diego Chargers linebacker Chip Banks was jailed in Atlanta Wednesday night
on charges of holding a woman against her will and sexually assaulting her.

Banks, 29, of Augusta, was arrested by Atlanta police on charges of false
imprisonment, aggravated sodomy, possession of cocaine and possession of less
than an ounce of marijuana, a city detention center spokeswoman said.

Banks had been free on bond while awaiting trial on an October arrest in
Atlanta. He was stopped during a routine road block Oct. 14 and was charged with
possession of cocaine, possession of marijuana and driving without a license.

Banks sat out the past season in a contract dispute.

McMahon Hollywood bound?

Jim McMahon's agent says the quarterback got a raw deal from the Chicago Bears
this season and might just walk away from football to pursue another career,
perhaps in the movies.

"The Bears treated him so bad, you have no idea," said agent Steve Zucker. "It's
been a rough year the way the Bears have treated him."

Among other things, Zucker says McMahon was upset about being the No. 2 pivot
behind Mike Tomczak after returning from a knee injury.

In other news, a Chicago team official said lineman William (The Refrigerator)
Perry probably will be offered a new contract, and defensive coordinator Vince
Tobin, a former assistant with the CFL's B.C. Lions, was interviewed for the
Cleveland Browns' head coaching job.

Friendly rivals

Puzzled by the kind words being passed cross-country between the two Super Bowl
coaches. Don't be, 49ers' Bill Walsh and Cincinnati's Sam Wyche are old friends.

Walsh brought Wyche into the NFL as an assistant coach with the 49ers in 1979,
building on a friendship that began when Wyche was a quarterback and Walsh the
quarterback coach of the Bengals a decade earlier.

Coaches favor 49ers

Common opponents of San Francisco and Cincinnati pick the 49ers to win Super
Bowl XXIII, even though all four of those teams lost to the Bengals.

The 49ers merely split the four games, while the Bengals scored victories over
the Phoenix Cardinals, Los Angeles Raiders, Washington Redskins and San Diego
Chargers.

Still, current or former assistant coaches from the four teams believe the 49ers
will defeat Cincinnati in the Super Bowl.

"The Bengals are a well-balanced, strong football team," said Dan Henning,
offensive assistant of the Redskins. "But the 49ers have looked as good as I've
seen anybody play this year. They beat what I thought were the two best teams in
the NFC the last two weeks. Joe (Montana) is playing as well as I've seen him
play in the last four or five years."

Super Bowl quiz

What was the highest rated Super Bowl telecast?

What was the last Super Bowl decided by a touchdown or less?

What was the only Super Bowl played in the northern U.S.?

What was the only Super Bowl in which the loser had more yards than the winner?

A hint: One answer fits all.

It was Super Bowl XVI that first matched the 49ers and the Bengals in Pontiac,
Mich., in 1982.

Returning Bengals

For seven of the Bengals, there must be a sense of deja vu as they pack their
bags this week for a Super Bowl appearance against the 49ers. They're all that
remain from the 1981 team that lost to San Francisco 26-21 in Super Bowl XVI.

Receiver Cris Collinsworth, kicker Jim Breech, guard Max Montoya, tackle Anthony
Munoz, defensive end Eddie Edwards, linebacker Reggie Williams and backup
quarterback Turk Schonert have learned in the last seven years how elusive Super
Bowl glory can be.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Gene Upshaw

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Falcons face option offense in bowl game

BYLINE: John Wagner, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 421 words


Dec. 07--BOWLING GREEN -- When Brian Ward found out the bowl destination for the
Bowling Green State University football team Sunday, his response was perfect
for a defensive coordinator.

"I said, 'Lucky us. We get to prepare for the option,'" said the Falcons'
interim coach sarcastically.

On Sunday, the GoDaddy Bowl extended its official invitational to Bowling Green
to play in the game, which is scheduled for Dec. 23, at Ladd-Peebles Stadium in
Mobile, Ala.

ESPN will televise the game, which will kick off at 8 p.m., between the Falcons
and Georgia Southern, the Sun Belt school that uses the option as its offense.

"That's a great opponent and a great challenge," Ward said of the Eagles, who
had an 8-4 overall record and a 6-2 mark in the Sun Belt.

"They're going to give us a lot of different looks and a lot of things to
prepare for, because they're very different from any offense we've seen."

This will be the first bowl appearance for Georgia Southern, which is in its
second year as a FBS program. The Eagles played in the playoffs at the FCS level
(Division I-AA, as it was previously called) 19 times and won six national
titles, the most recent in 2000.

Bowling Green will be making its 13th bowl appearance and will play in a bowl
for the fourth straight year, the second-longest streak among Mid-American
Conference schools.

The Falcons have played in the predecessor to the GoDaddy Bowl, the GMAC Bowl,
twice. BG defeated Memphis 52-35 in the 2004 game before losing to Tulsa 63-7 in
the game played in January of 2008. Senior offensive lineman Alex Huettel said
he and his teammates were excited when they learned of their bowl destination.

"I had a great time in Montgomery [for the Camellia Bowl] last year," he said.
"The people of Alabama were awesome, and the food was awesome. ...

"When you find out where you're going, you're automatically excited about it."

While fans might worry the Falcons will not be able to win a bowl game without
their head coach after Dino Babers took the Syracuse job Saturday, junior
defensive back Alfonso Mack remains confident.

"As players, we know that we're still a family," Mack said. "We're the ones who
bled together and worked together.

"Yes, our coach is leaving. But, as a family, we believe we're going to get it
done [and win]."

Contact John Wagner at: jwagner@theblade.com, 419-724-6481 or on Twitter
@jwagnerblade.

Recommended for You

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151207-TO-Falcons-face-option-offense-in-bowl-game-1207-20151207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           November 30, 2012, Friday

Austin, Alston a lethal combination in backfield

BYLINE: Dave Hickman

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P8G

LENGTH: 508 words


MORGANTOWN - When Dana Holgorsen turns on tape of the Kansas offense, he's never
really sure what he's going to see.

Kansas Coach Charlie Weis seems to change schemes and game plans every week,
struggling to find anything that works as the Jayhawks wind down a 1-10 season.

When Weis turns on West Virginia tape, though, he knows exactly what he's going
to see. The Mountaineers have done pretty much the same thing all season - the
same formations, the same plays, just a twist here or an adjustment there.

It's that latest twist, though, that has made a huge difference.

Weis knows offense, having been the coordinator of three of them that won Super
Bowls in New England. And now that West Virginia has both scatback and power
options in the backfield to go along with an already-potent passing game, well,
that's hard to combat.

"Obviously this is as dynamic an offense as you could possibly go against," Weis
said. "Having a quarterback as good as they have (is one thing), but that 1-2
punch at running back with the smash-mouth guys and the absolute burner, that
really makes their offense very, very, very dynamic."

Weis and his Jayhawks will get a chance to try to slow down that offense
Saturday afternoon when the teams meet at Mountaineer Field. But for a defense
that ranks in the bottom 20 in the nation in total defense, scoring defense and
pass defense, well, that could be problematic.

The difference in West Virginia's offense at the end of the season, of course,
is twofold.

First, Holgorsen moved Tavon Austin into the backfield two weeks ago against
Oklahoma and he's suddenly the most dangerous back in the game.

Then the following week against Iowa State, Shawne Alston finally appeared
healthy and used his 236-pound frame to run for 130 yards.

Add that two-dimensional running game to Geno Smith and the country's
sixth-ranked passing offense and it's a lethal combination.

Weis knows that Smith's numbers have declined as the year has gone on, but of
late that doesn't matter and there's a reason for it.

"They're averaging 345 yards passing a game, so it's not like people have come
in and just shut them down," Weis said. "The thing is their running game has
become so much more a part of their offense that he doesn't have to win the game
by himself. In the past I think it was more dependent on him winning the game by
throwing the ball and I think their offense has been more complimentary where
they can now run it more efficiently."

Austin, though, is the key as far as Weis is concerned. He saw the 5-foot-9,
170-pounder run for 344 yards against Oklahoma and was wowed, but the most
indelible image he holds was Austin's performance against Iowa State.

"Just take two plays from last week. Take the punt return and the little pass in
the flat on the left side where everyone has angles on him and he just outruns
everyone," Weis said. "That's not coaching now. I'm sure everyone would like to
sit there and stand in line and take credit for that, but that's just unusual
talent and unusual speed. He's a very, very dynamic player.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           October 28, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

NU-OSU STORYLINES

BYLINE: Mike Baldwin

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 573 words


Can OSU's offense continue to compile big numbers?

This is the best defense the Cowboys have faced all season. Nebraska ranks 14th
nationally, allowing only 14.5 points a game.

But the Cornhuskers are vulnerable, especially against the pass, which is OSU's
strength. Nebraska is allowing 218.2 passing yards a game. The Cowboys are
averaging an almost identical 218.4 yards passing.

One key will be how OSU's offensive line and quarterback Bobby Reid handle
Nebraska's pressure. The Cornhuskers blitz. Blitz a lot.

Reid must provide big plays with both his arm and legs. Reid has blossomed as a
runner. Reid has thrown for 1,387 yards and 17 touchdowns. But he's also rushed
for 250 yards and has had 11 runs of 10 or more yards.

Wide receivers Adarius Bowman and D'Juan Woods can make the Huskers pay if they
blitz too often. Bowman is second in the nation in both receiving yards per game
(113.0) and yards per catch (22.0). Woods is due for a big game.

It's unrealistic to think the Cowboys can reach their season average (37.4
points). There will be negative plays, an occasional sack or Reid being forced
to get rid of the ball. But if the Cowboys counter with some big plays, the
offense should score enough points to be in position to win.

How will OSU's inconsistent defense fare against Nebraska's offense?

Despite all the talk about Bill Callahan installing the West Coast offense,
Nebraska's offense is predicated on running the ball. The Cornhuskers are
running the ball 61 percent of the time.

Similar to OSU, the Cornhuskers rotate three running backs, all with 300 or more
yards rushing. Marlon Lucky leads the team (481 yards). It appears Lucky is now
the lead guy but Brandon Jackson and Cody Glenn will get their share of carries.

Nebraska also will go to the air. Quarterback Zac Taylor, from Norman, has
thrown for 1,824 yards and 16 touchdowns. Taylor, though, isn't a running
threat, which is an advantage for OSU. Opposing quarterbacks' ability to
scramble for big gains has been a factor in all three losses.

Houston's Kevin Kolb, Kansas State's Josh Freeman and Texas A&M's Stephen McGee
combined for 172 rushing yards against OSU. Taylor has rushed for minus 37 yards
this season. On the flip side, 16 of Maurice Purify's receptions have gone for
first downs.

OSU has allowed 97 points in three conference games. The glaring stat is a large
majority of those points -- 40 -- have come in the fourth quarter or overtime.

Will heartbreaking losses serve as motivation or create doubt?

One noticeable difference between this year's team and last year's team is
strength and conditioning coach Rob Glass has instilled mental toughness.

Glass spent seven years at Florida. Throughout the off-season, Glass scolded
players: "I've never been part of a 4-7 team before," essentially challenging
players to set the bar high.

Players are frustrated, knowing they could easily be 6-1 instead of 4-3. There
won't be an emotional letdown. In fact, the Cowboys actually gained confidence
in the loss to Texas A&M.

OSU needs to get off to a good start, something that hasn't happened in three
conference games. Inexplicably, the Cowboys have scored 96 points after halftime
in league games, only nine points the first half.

Nebraska will get the Cowboys' best shot. But the Cornhuskers are the best team
OSU has faced. An upset is possible, but the Pokes will need to play their best
game of the season and play four full quarters.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COLLEGE FOOTBALL PREGAME

GRAPHIC: The Oklahoma State defense has allowed 90 points in three Big 12
Conference games in 2006. Forty of those points have come after the third
quarter. - BY MATT STRASEN, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           October 28, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

NU-OSU STORYLINES

BYLINE: Mike Baldwin

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 573 words


Can OSU's offense continue to compile big numbers?

This is the best defense the Cowboys have faced all season. Nebraska ranks 14th
nationally, allowing only 14.5 points a game.

But the Cornhuskers are vulnerable, especially against the pass, which is OSU's
strength. Nebraska is allowing 218.2 passing yards a game. The Cowboys are
averaging an almost identical 218.4 yards passing.

One key will be how OSU's offensive line and quarterback Bobby Reid handle
Nebraska's pressure. The Cornhuskers blitz. Blitz a lot.

Reid must provide big plays with both his arm and legs. Reid has blossomed as a
runner. Reid has thrown for 1,387 yards and 17 touchdowns. But he's also rushed
for 250 yards and has had 11 runs of 10 or more yards.

Wide receivers Adarius Bowman and D'Juan Woods can make the Huskers pay if they
blitz too often. Bowman is second in the nation in both receiving yards per game
(113.0) and yards per catch (22.0). Woods is due for a big game.

It's unrealistic to think the Cowboys can reach their season average (37.4
points). There will be negative plays, an occasional sack or Reid being forced
to get rid of the ball. But if the Cowboys counter with some big plays, the
offense should score enough points to be in position to win.

How will OSU's inconsistent defense fare against Nebraska's offense?

Despite all the talk about Bill Callahan installing the West Coast offense,
Nebraska's offense is predicated on running the ball. The Cornhuskers are
running the ball 61 percent of the time.

Similar to OSU, the Cornhuskers rotate three running backs, all with 300 or more
yards rushing. Marlon Lucky leads the team (481 yards). It appears Lucky is now
the lead guy but Brandon Jackson and Cody Glenn will get their share of carries.

Nebraska also will go to the air. Quarterback Zac Taylor, from Norman, has
thrown for 1,824 yards and 16 touchdowns. Taylor, though, isn't a running
threat, which is an advantage for OSU. Opposing quarterbacks' ability to
scramble for big gains has been a factor in all three losses.

Houston's Kevin Kolb, Kansas State's Josh Freeman and Texas A&M's Stephen McGee
combined for 172 rushing yards against OSU. Taylor has rushed for minus 37 yards
this season. On the flip side, 16 of Maurice Purify's receptions have gone for
first downs.

OSU has allowed 97 points in three conference games. The glaring stat is a large
majority of those points -- 40 -- have come in the fourth quarter or overtime.

Will heartbreaking losses serve as motivation or create doubt?

One noticeable difference between this year's team and last year's team is
strength and conditioning coach Rob Glass has instilled mental toughness.

Glass spent seven years at Florida. Throughout the off-season, Glass scolded
players: "I've never been part of a 4-7 team before," essentially challenging
players to set the bar high.

Players are frustrated, knowing they could easily be 6-1 instead of 4-3. There
won't be an emotional letdown. In fact, the Cowboys actually gained confidence
in the loss to Texas A&M.

OSU needs to get off to a good start, something that hasn't happened in three
conference games. Inexplicably, the Cowboys have scored 96 points after halftime
in league games, only nine points the first half.

Nebraska will get the Cowboys' best shot. But the Cornhuskers are the best team
OSU has faced. An upset is possible, but the Pokes will need to play their best
game of the season and play four full quarters.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COLLEGE FOOTBALL PREGAME

GRAPHIC: The Oklahoma State defense has allowed 90 points in three Big 12
Conference games in 2006. Forty of those points have come after the third
quarter. - BY MATT STRASEN, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 22, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

No-huddle attack to test Cowboys' defensive mettle

BYLINE: Jarrett Bell

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 431 words

DATELINE: IRVING, Texas


The NFL's top-ranked, but unheralded, defense earned respect in the playoffs.

The Dallas Cowboys dominated Philadelphia and embarrassed San Francisco.
Coordinator Dave Wannstedt just got a new post-Super Bowl job as Chicago Bears
coach.

Next challenge: Buffalo's no-huddle offense in Super Bowl XXVII Jan. 31.

The task of containing the Bills' offense was on the minds of Cowboys defenders
Thursday as they started three days of practice before leaving for California
Sunday.

''They don't huddle, yet they're still calling plays and you have time,'' said
Cowboys strong safety Thomas Everett, who had experience against the Bills from
his years with Pittsburgh. ''They're just not getting in a huddle and doing it.
(Jim) Kelly, he's calling plays at the line of scrimmage.''

How well the Cowboys adjust will be the key. Everett estimates the Bills use
three-receiver, one-tight end sets 90% of the time. Most defenses counter with
five defensive backs or a variation, because it's difficult to substitute
quickly for situations.

Yet schemes have done little to slow the hurry-up attack. The Bills led the NFL
in rushing, were second in total yards and third in scoring this season.

''It's a little bit of a concern, but not as major as some people might think,''
Dallas coach Jimmy Johnson said, adding that the no-huddle tempo is tough to
simulate in practices.

''Most of our substitutions were dictated by the substitution packages of the
opponent. So with the offense often keeping the same personnel on the field, we
wouldn't be substituting a whole lot anyway.''

The defense should get help. In two playoff wins, the Cowboys had ball- control
advantages in excess of 10 minutes.

Still, the defense must get the Bills' offense off the field.

''We've proved in the playoffs that we can be very respectable,'' said defensive
tackle Tony Casillas.

Third-down success has been a Cowboys' strong point:

- Opponents converted just 27.2% of their third downs in the regular season, the
NFL's best rate.

- In a three-game midseason stretch, they held foes to
1-for-25 on third downs.

- In 10 games, they held opponents to less than 25%. NFL average: about 37%.

- In playoff games, the Eagles were 1-for-11, the 49ers 4-for-8 (0-for-3 in the
momentum-swinging middle quarters).

Why such third-down prowess?

Said Casillas: ''It all starts up front.''

''I might get a chance to hit Kelly (on third down). The key for us will be to
just get into a pattern. They try to get you in a rage and force you to do
certain things. We've got to get our own rhythm.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY

CUTLINE: TONY CASILLAS: Defensive key will be to get own rhythm.

ROAD TO THE SUPER BOWL

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            February 22, 2013 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Horns to run no-huddle, up-tempo offense

BYLINE: Randy Riggs American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 540 words


If there's one thing the Longhorns offense wants to demonstrate in spring
drills, not to mention next fall, it's that speed kills.

Not only speedy players, mind you. But speedy players playing at a speedy tempo.

Actually it's already been demonstrated in college football, especially in the
Big 12, where "huddle" is a four-letter word to many offenses. And Texas plans
to join the fun by filing its huddle in the nostalgia bin like so many of its
league brethren have done.

No, coach Mack Brown stressed Thursday as UT opened spring drills, the Longhorns
don't want to run Oregon's offense. They just want to run their own balanced
offense at a much more rapid tempo - a word Brown probably tired of saying when
he met the media.

"It changes everything," the Longhorns coach said of Texas' tempo. "That's why
we feel this is definitely the way to go."

Brown said the idea of picking up the pace was driven home last year when the
Longhorns' Big 12 slate began with a gauntlet of Oklahoma State, West Virginia,
Oklahoma and Baylor.

Those four teams all averaged more offensive plays per game than Texas in 2012.
Of course, every team in the Big 12 averaged more than the Longhorns' 68.5 plays
per game, except for Kansas State. Baylor averaged 82.5 plays, followed by OSU
(78), OU (77.3) and WVU (76.8).

Brown wants Texas' offense to run plays at a clip similar to the Longhorns of
2009, when Colt McCoy directed a unit that averaged 75.2 plays per game.

"We'll have fewer formations," Brown said. "We'll substitute less because one of
the real advantages right now for defenses is that when you substitute, the
defense also gets to substitute. With up-tempo offense, especially in this
league, people got to where they couldn't call defenses.

"You got so you couldn't substitute and you were wearing people out, much like
what happened to Oregon State at the end of our ballgame."

In its 31-27 victory over the Beavers in the Alamo Bowl, Texas' ground game
struggled in a first half in which it ran 27 plays and managed only four first
downs. But UT increased the tempo after intermission, getting off 38 plays and
rallying from a 10-point deficit.

The change also should be comfortable for David Ash, who Brown labeled "the
clear-cut starting quarterback going into spring."

"That's what David (ran) in high school," Brown said. "We feel like he'll be
perfect for this."

Brown also believes combining Texas' current offensive philosophy with the
up-tempo attack could be a special formula.

"We've got our power runs and our short-yardage and goal-line (plays) and most
tempo teams can't do that," he said. "We feel like we can. We feel like what
we've done for the last two years is a great advantage."

Brown speculated the Longhorns' transition probably will be smoother for new
play-calling coordinator Major Applewhite than it was for his predecessor, Bryan
Harsin, who left to become head coach at Arkansas State.

"I think it's probably easier for Major to do it than it would have been for
Bryan because it hadn't been a huge part of Bryan's background," Brown said.
"It's been what Major likes and what he does. And it's been what
(co-coordinator) Darrell Wyatt likes.

"We're really in a good place."

Contact Randy Riggs at 445-3957. Twitter: @ranriggs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           September 6, 2013, Friday

Sooners go old school with ball control offense

BYLINE: Dave Hickman

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P8D

LENGTH: 677 words


MORGANTOWN - Around the country, it seems, coaches are all in a hurry.

On offense, they want to run more plays. Line up fast before the defense has a
chance to substitute or adjust. Sixty or 70 plays used to be the norm in a
college football game. Now it's 80 or 90.

Defenses adjust accordingly. They play faster, too. They have little choice.

Bob Stoops has, in recent years, bought into the idea. He had quarterbacks
throwing the ball all over the field. His Oklahoma teams weren't exactly Baylor
or Texas Tech - or West Virginia under Dana Holgorsen - but they played fast and
they spread the field.

The Oklahoma team that West Virginia faces Saturday night in Norman, however,
seems to be going more old-school. It's running the football. It's throwing the
ball less. And while it can still rack up a fair number of plays in a game, it's
not because it is hurrying to do so.

The Sooners seem to be embracing the somewhat lost art of ball control.

"I'll never complain about a one-minute drive as long as it ends in a
touchdown,'' Stoops said. "There at the end [of last week's 34-0 win over
Louisiana-Monroe], we stopped them on the punt fake and we ran one play and
scored a touchdown. I'm all for that.

"But [longer drives and ball control do] aid the defense and statistics when you
eat up the clock. There's no denying it."

In that win over ULM, Oklahoma still ran a ton of plays, 83 to be exact. But 50
of them were running plays. The Sooners, who with the likes of Landry Jones, Sam
Bradford, Jason White and Josh Heupel at quarterback have made 300-yard passing
games the norm, ran for 305 yards in the opener and passed for just 124.
Redshirt freshman quarterback Trevor Knight ran for 103 yards.

To put that in perspective, only 13 other times in Stoops' 15 seasons have the
Sooners run for 300 yards. And only once has a quarterback run for more than
100.

The reason is two-fold. First, naturally, is the makeup of the offense, which
has talented running backs and a mobile quarterback who has yet to find his
passing rhythm. But there is also the alleviated strain on a defense that has
time to rest and recover while the offense is on the field.

"It makes a big difference,'' Stoops said. "When your offense is on the field,
your defense is resting and they [the opponent] don't have the ball.

"Times here when we've had poor defensive performances, people don't look at the
poor offensive performances right next to it. If you're out there for three
plays and go three-and-out it's only about 30 seconds and your defense is right
back out there and it's not really healthy.''

Playing a run-oriented offense also somewhat diminishes the need for that
offense to get into the type of rhythm that fast-paced offenses need in order to
succeed. Because it's a ground-oriented attack, one of the most important
aspects is simply controlling the line of scrimmage. That's not so much about
rhythm as it is pure power.

Meanwhile, long drives force the opposing offense to sit around and wait,
jeopardizing their rhythm.

"I think our ability to run the football cuts snaps and I think it takes the
[opposing] offense out of tempo and they lose their flow,'' said defensive
coordinator Mike Stoops, the head coach's brother. "The longer the offense has
the ball, our guys cool off and they're not right there on the field again.''

The ULM opener was a case in point.

"We went three-and-out the first two series and it didn't bother our guys,''
Mike Stoops said. "We play these games and we want to be able to control the
line of scrimmage. That's key to any game. And if you're running the ball, then
you're controlling the line of scrimmage. At times last year we weren't able to
do that on either side of the ball and that's what we have to get better at.
We're making a conscious effort to be more physical at the line of scrimmage on
both sides."

Oklahoma quarterback Trevor Knight throws before the start of a game against
Louisiana Monroe in Norman, Okla., last Saturday.

Dave Hickman covers West Virginia University and

the Big 12 Conference for the Charleston Gazette.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

New cellphone law takes effect Tuesday

BYLINE: ALLISON BOURG abourg@capgaznews.com

SECTION: A; Pg.5

LENGTH: 572  words


County police, in conjunction with state police, will be out enforcing the new
cellphone law through the end of November in the county's high-crash areas,
including:


     ·    Ritchie Highway and Ordnance Road in Glen Burnie
     ·    Ritchie Highway and Church Street in Brooklyn Park
     ·    Route 3 in Crofton
     ·    Route 2 and College Parkway in Arnold
     ·    Riva Road in Annapolis
     ·    Route 2 in Edgewater


Kirsten Dalton was honest about Maryland's newest cellphone law.

"I'm probably going to break it on a regular basis," the Annapolis woman said.

The law that goes into effect Tuesday makes using a handheld cellphone while
driving a primary offense, which means police officers can pull over a driver
for that reason alone.

The legislation strengthens a law passed in 2010, which banned handheld
cellphones but made using them while driving a secondary offense. That meant
police officers had to have another reason, such as speeding, to pull over a
driver and cite them. A 2009 law made texting while driving a primary offense.

The law comes with stiffer penalties. A driver caught talking on a cellphone
will receive a $75 fine for a first offense. The fine was previously $40.

Second offenses come with a fine of $125, and third offenses come with a $175
fine. Drivers charged with violating the law won't get any points on their
licenses.

"This allows police to do a better job enforcing the law," said Ragina Averella,
a spokeswoman for AAA Mid-Atlantic. The agency testified in favor of the bill.

The Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration's Highway Safety Office estimates
about 58 percent of car crashes last year involved a distracted driver. Nearly
half of fatal car crashes last year in the state were the result of distracted
driving, the office says.

Maryland is among 12 states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S.
Virgin Islands that have handheld cellphone bans. All of those bans will become
primary restrictions on Tuesday, according to Governors Highway Safety
Association.

Cathy Gillen, a highway safety consultant and leader of the Maryland Safe Teen
Driving Coalition, said drivers may know a particular behavior is unsafe. But
many times, they'll still do it until it's outlawed.

Gillen pointed out seat belt use rose dramatically in the 1980s, after states
began to make them mandatory.

"It motivates the people who aren't motivated by safety concerns," Gillen said.

Anne Arundel County police will launch Operation Eagle Progression on Tuesday,
said Cpl. Nick DiPietro, traffic coordinator for the Anne Arundel County Police
Department's Northern District.

The initiative, held in conjunction with Maryland State Police, will put
officers out at high-crash areas to enforce the law through the end of November.

"The purpose isn't necessarily to write tickets, though they can do that,"
DiPietro said. "There's an educational component."

While it's still illegal to drive with headphones in your ears, there is a
difference between headphones and Bluetooth devices or similar hands-free
devices, DiPietro said.

"As long as you don't have your cellphone in your hand, you're not going to have
a problem," he said.

DiPietro said it is legal for drivers to pick up their phones if they're stopped
at a red light. But not if they're at a stop sign or yield sign, he said.

There is an exception for police officers using their phones for business.

"We take it very seriously," DiPietro said. "We don't want to put out the
misconception that we are hypocrites."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 23, 1995, Monday, City Edition

Bucs' offense just along for the slide

BYLINE: CAMMY CLARK

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 509 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Don't be surprised if the Bucs' defense gets a lawyer and sues its offensive
counterpart for lack of support.

The defense carried the team for the first seven games while the offense
averaged 278 yards, 28th in the league. In Game 8 Sunday against Atlanta, the
defense got the Bucs off to a good start with a touchdown on Warren Sapp's
interception return.

But when the defense faltered later in the game, the offense was no help.

"I'm sure they (the defense) are very disappointed we couldn't come  through and
rescue them this one time," quarterback Trent Dilfer said. "The  offense will
have a serious gut check this week to figure out why we can't  help out the
defense."

After the Falcons took a 24-21 lead with 7:18 left in the game, the Bucs'
offense failed to get a first down on the ensuing series. Dilfer threw two
incomplete passes (he was under pressure on both) and Errict Rhett's run up  the
middle went for 2 yards.

The Bucs' defense did its job on the next series to get the offense the  ball
back with 2:58 remaining. The offense gained 14 yards for one first down  and
then stalled, with Dilfer throwing four consecutive incompletions.

"Most definitely we have to do more," said wide receiver Horace Copeland,  who
had one catch for 23 yards. "Defensively, I tip my hat off. They show up  every
week. Offensively, we have to carry our load, and pick up our side and  make it
a lot easier for the defense. We have the weapons. We have to start  clicking
and living up to our potential."

The Bucs' running game was better than last week's poor effort of 44 yards  on
23 carries against Minnesota. Against the Falcons, Rhett saw some bigger  holes
and ran for 88 yards and two touchdowns on 23 carries.

"We were seeing a lot of eight-man fronts," tackle Scott Dill said.  "They (the
Falcons) were a little more open. That helped us run the ball."

But while there was improvement this week, Dilfer said, "88 yards rushing  - I
don't think that will cut it."

Dilfer also said longer runs are needed on first down so the team isn't  faced
with as many second-and-long situations. "We can have 120 yards, but if  it
takes 75 times to get that many it's not effective."

In the air, the Bucs were hoping to have a big day against the Falcons, who
entered the game 30th in the league in pass defense, allowing an average of  230
passing yards.

"They had some young DBs out there," said wide receiver Alvin Harper, who
caught six passes for 72 yards. "I kind of felt like it was men amongst  boys."

The boys won the battle. Dilfer completed only 50 percent of his passes (14  of
28) for 177 yards. Lawrence Dawsey was blanked, ending his streak of 50
consecutive games with at least one catch.

"They did some things - blitzes and schemes that made it hard for us to  get the
ball downfield," Harper said. "They were not aggressive. They were  as soft as
everyone else.    "We need to hurry up and explode. We can't let  the defense go
out there and make all the plays."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, FRASER HALE; Running back Errict Rhett on top of a pile-up
of players

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 31, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

REPORT CARD

BYLINE: Jarrett Bell

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 355 words


DALLAS
OFFENSE (pass) B-

Troy Aikman threw his first INT in 5 postseason games and missed

some third down throws but consistently found the holes in the

Bills zone.
OFFENSE (rush) A

As his track record dictates, RB Emmitt Smith (30 rushes, 132

yards, 2 TDs) carried the offense down the stretch - particularly

in the third-quarter.
DEFENSE (pass) A

Using a five-DB back scheme, they never allowed the big play and

when the DL started teeing off in the 2nd half became even more

effective.
DEFENSE (rush) A

A solid wall up front put the clamps on Bills RBs Thurman Thomas

and Kenneth Davis, allowing just 3.2 yards per carry and just one

run longer than 8 yards.
SPECIAL TEAMS   B

Rookie Kevin Williams got it started with a 50-yard kickoff

return and Matt Vanderbeek made a nice play to down a John Jett

punt at the 1-yard line.
COACHING        A

Jimmy Johnson was concerned about the game pace against the

no-huddle, but coordinator Butch Davis' use of a nickel defense was

the answer.

BUFFALO
OFFENSE (pass) B-

QB Jim Kelly had some early passes dropped and he was constantly

harassed by Charles Haley and friends in the second half.
OFFENSE (rush) D-

Poor Thurman Thomas. Bad luck at the Super Bowl continues. Two

fumbles (one off a pass reception), two cramps and 2.3 yards per

carry.
DEFENSE (pass) B

Using heavy zone packages, the Bills allowed big-play man Michael

Irvin a long gain of 20 yards, yet had trouble against Alvin Harper

(3 catches, 75 yards).
DEFENSE (rush) D

The Bills held five Cowboys to five yards, but Emmitt Smith

burned them for 132 yards. Smith didn't hit a "home run" but

consistently hit the secondary.
SPECIAL TEAMS   B

B K Steve Christie nailed a Super Bowl record 54-yard FG. Steve

Tasker made an outstanding play to down a Chris Mohr punt on the

fly at 1-yard line.
COACHING        C+

After keeping Dallas off-balanced in the first half, four of the

Bills' first five drives in the second half consisted of just three

plays. Halftime adjustments worked against Buffalo.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHICS, b/w (Illustrations)

COWBOYS 30, BILLS 13; SUPER BOWL XXVIII

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           January 21, 2017 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Falcons, Patriots thrive with high-octane offences

BYLINE: Barry Wilner, The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 506 words


This should be fun.

The conference championship teams feature big-time offences - yes, we know, the
Steelers didn't look like one in the red zone last weekend - that could turn the
scoreboards into tote machines.

And there's no denying how entertaining Tom Brady, Aaron Rodgers, Ben
Roethlisberger and Matt Ryan can be when flinging the ball around the field.

Add in some terrific runners, led by Pittsburgh's Le'Veon Bell and New England's
LeGarrette Blount, and such All-Pro targets as Antonio Brown and Julio Jones,
and bettors will be in love with the over (60 for the NFC, 50 1 /2 for the AFC)
this week.

Indeed, it's difficult to make an argument that any of the defences will be the
deciding factor in Foxborough or Atlanta.

Yes, the Patriots yielded the fewest points in the NFL this season, but the
three best offences they played were Arizona, Buffalo and Pittsburgh.

The Cardinals matchup was in the season opener, when Arizona's offence was not
tuned-up. New England beat the Steelers without Roethlisberger, who was injured,
and no one would mistake the Bills for a juggernaut with the ball.

Then again, the Patriots are a juggernaut with the ball. Look at how they beat
Houston, the top-ranked defence in the league, in the divisional round even
though Brady was not at his best. And think about what they are capable of.

"I think we've just got to learn from it," he said. "It was a lot of things, and
then when you add our poor execution on top of that, then you add our turnovers
on top of that, it doesn't feel great because we worked pretty hard to play a
lot better than we played."

One thing the Steelers won't be on Sunday is intimidated by Brady and New
England's resumé. The only way to win at Gillette Stadium is to be aggressive
from the opening kickoff, and Mike Tomlin's team will be that.

Oddly, Roethlisberger has never faced the Patriots in a post-season game at New
England. He's 0-1, that defeat coming in Pittsburgh during his 2004 Offensive
Rookie of the Year season.

New England is a five-point favourite to make its seventh Super Bowl with Brady
at the helm; the Patriots are 4-2 in their previous trips.

Pittsburgh, which has been to three Super Bowls with Roethlisberger, going 2-1,
is the one AFC team capable of pulling off the upset. But it won't. PATRIOTS,
34-26 GREEN BAY (plus 5) at ATLANTA As we marvel at the talents of Rodgers, not
to mention his prognosticating, and enjoy how much excitement he brings to the
field, there's one thing we can't ignore. The Packers are too undermanned in the
secondary.

Dak Prescott tore up Green Bay's struggling and tiring D in the second half last
Sunday. Cowboys receivers were so open that Jerry Jones probably could have
completed some passes.

That's a recipe for failure against Ryan and all the weapons he has. Julio Jones
could be a bit hobbled, which would even things up a bit. And if Rodgers gets
back a somewhat effective Jordy Nelson from his rib injury. ...

Sorry, Cheeseheads. This comes down to one unit being too banged-up and
deficient. FALCONS, 35-31

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 12, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Fines, Jail Time and Treatment Are Among the Punishments

SECTION: A Section; A23

LENGTH: 498 words


Every state except Nevada suspends the license of any driver who refuses a
breath or blood test after being stopped on suspicion of drunken driving. South
Dakota does not suspend the license of a person who refuses to take the test in
the field, but does suspend the license if the motorist is arrested and still
refuses.

With three new laws passed in 2005, 19 states now add civil or criminal
penalties ranging from fines to jail time.

Here are the penalties, plus the percentage of drivers who refused the tests in
those states in 2001:

Alaska: Minimum $250 fine and 72 hours jail for first offense; increases to
$4,000 to $5,000 and one year for sixth. 17 percent.

Arkansas: Minimum $100 fine for first offense; increases to $500 to $2,000 and
60 days community service for third. 21 percent.

California: Minimum $390 fine and 48 hours jail for first offense if  there is a
prior DUI conviction; increases to 18 days for fourth. 5 percent.

Delaware: Vehicle impounded 90 days for first offense, one year for a second. 15
percent.

Florida: $1,000 fine and one year in jail for second offense. 37 percent.

Hawaii: Vehicle registration revoked. 9 percent.

Indiana: $500 fine if  there is a crash with injury or fatality. 23 percent.

Maine: Vehicle registration may be suspended if the driver's license is already
suspended. 8 percent.

Maryland:  As much as $500 fine and extra 60 days in jail if convicted of
drunken driving. 29 percent.

Minnesota: $1,000 to $10,000 fine and 90 days  to five years in jail, depending
on whether refusal classified as misdemeanor or felony. 15 percent.

Montana:  As much as $2,000 fine, two days to six months in jail and  as much as
40 hours community service for driving with a license that was suspended because
of a breath test refusal. 30 percent.

Nebraska: $500 fine and 60 days in jail for first offense; increases to $4,000
and five years for fourth. 6 percent.

New Jersey: Minimum $300 fine, 12 hours mandatory treatment, $3,000 insurance
surcharge for first offense; increases to $1,000 fine and $4,500 insurance
surcharge for third. 17 percent in 2000, 2001 data not available.

New York: $300 fine for first offense, or $750 for first refusal after prior DUI
conviction or for second offense. Refusal data not available.

Ohio: $100 fine for first offense (higher if also convicted of drunken driving);
increases to $500 and 60 days in jail for a third. 40 percent.

Rhode Island: Minimum $200 fine, mandatory treatment and 10 to 60 hours
community service for a first offense; increases to minimum $400 fine for a
third offense. 85 percent.

Tennessee: $1,000 fine and five days in jail if license already suspended. 36
percent.

Vermont: $750 fine and two years in jail if refusal follows prior DUI
conviction; one to 15 years in prison and $10,000 fine if stop involves crash
with serious injury. Refusal data not available.

Virginia: Misdemeanor conviction. Refusal data not available.

--  Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 31, 2007 Wednesday

Moore's Indy success was a failure for Steelers

BYLINE: Scott Brown

LENGTH: 700 words


MIAMI -- The ring seemed oversized, even on Tom Moore's meaty finger.

And at first glance, it looked like a shiny reminder of what had happened the
last time Moore accompanied a team to a Super Bowl in Miami as an assistant
coach.

But the ring Moore wore to the media feeding frenzy that took place Tuesday at
Dolphin Stadium didn't signify the Steelers' 35-31 win over the Dallas Cowboys
in Super Bowl XIII.

"When I turned 65, my grandkids thought I was going to retire, so they bought me
that for a retirement present," Moore said, "and when they gave it to me, I said
'I ain't going to retire.' "

He didn't quite call an audible -- something quarterback Peyton Manning often
does in Moore's offense. But his refusal to concede anything to age, or at least
join his friend and former colleague Dick Hoak in retirement, has given the
former Steelers receivers coach and offensive coordinator at least one more
chance to bask in the sun, both literally and figuratively.

If the Colts beat the Chicago Bears on Sunday, the 68-year-old Moore will add a
third Super Bowl ring to his collection.

If he doesn't get quite the credit he deserves as the architect of Indianapolis'
high-octane offense, Moore, who seems to like media attention as much as he does
turnovers, has earned the respect of his peers and his players.

"Tom has done it all and done it at a high level," Chicago Bears coach Lovie
Smith said. "It's only fitting that he gets the chance to coach in a game like
this also. He's taken a great player, Peyton Manning, and made him a lot better.
That's hard to do when you have a player like that sometimes."

Moore, who was a Steelers assistant from 1977-89 and still considers Chuck Noll
his greatest coaching influence, is in many ways a silent partner with Manning
when it comes to the Colts' offense.

"This is the Indianapolis' Colts offense," said Moore, who continually passed
along praise for Indianapolis' offense to Manning. "This is not Tom Moore's
offense."

Whosever offense it is, it has been one of the best since Moore took it over in
1998 and Manning became the team's starting quarterback.

The Colts were tied for second (with the Bears) in scoring offense during the
regular season and ranked third in total offense.

The irony of Moore's success in Indianapolis is it has come largely because of
the trait that got him criticized in Pittsburgh near the end of his tenure as
the Steelers' offensive coordinator.

"What I enjoy about him is he never changes what we're going to do," Colts
center Jeff Saturday said. "He's not an offense-of-the-week guy. We've had the
same system since I've been here. He believes in building on the system, but not
changing it."

The system is radically different from the one he employed in Pittsburgh, and
Steelers fans sometimes complained that Moore's offenses were lacking in
creativity and innovation.

Those two qualities have been his hallmark in Indianapolis, and flexibility in
offensive philosophy may explain why Moore is in his fifth decade as a coach at
either the college or NFL level.

To put in perspective how long he has been in the business, consider that Moore
helped recruit his current boss, Colts head coach Tony Dungy, to the University
of Minnesota. Also, when the Steelers played here in the 1979 Super Bowl with
Moore as an assistant coach, tickets to the game were sold for as low as $30.

It wasn't until last year that Moore got serious consideration to run more an
offense.

Moore interviewed with the Lions about their head-coaching vacancy, but the job
went to Rod Marinelli. That could well go down as his first and only interview
for a head-coaching job in the NFL.

"I don't feel cheated," said Moore, who was the Steelers' offensive coordinator
from 1982-89. "There's lots of qualified people, but there's only 32
(head-coaching jobs in the NFL), and I'm not one of those 32 so go about being
the best coordinator you can be. I've got the best job in football."

And one he doesn't plan on leaving anytime soon -- even though he wore a ring
yesterday that identified him as NFL coaching alumni.

"I'm going to the end," Moore said on the subject of retirement. "Until they
won't hire me, that's when I'm through."

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Clippers chip in on offense in Griffin's absence

BYLINE: Jeff Zillgitt, @JeffZillgitt, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 527 words


Los Angeles Clippers coach Doc Rivers' concern about his offense without injured
Blake Griffin in the lineup has been alleviated.

Two games without Griffin, two victories with 109 and 108 points scored  against
the Utah Jazz and Washington Wizards and, so far, the 19-13 Clippers have been
good enough.

"We know we're a big man short, and so everyone knows that they have to be
involved in the game," Rivers said after the victory Monday against Washington.

The early adjustment for the Clippers with Griffin's absence: ball movement and
creating offense. Griffin is a deft passer and heavily involved in operating the
offense, and Rivers worried how it would function without him.

Rivers noticed how much Griffin's absence affected the offense early in the game
against Utah. After four points in the first five minutes, he wasn't sure the
Clippers could score eight  in the  quarter.

"You forget, other than CP, who makes the passes for our team," Rivers said of
point guard Chris Paul. "You realize how important Blake is. Most people just
look at his scoring, and it's his passing that makes us go as well."

Griffin leads all players 6-7 or taller in passes per game (62.9). Among players
in that size rage, Griffin is fourth in assists per game (five), behind Draymond
Green, LeBron James and Nicolas Batum. His assists create 12.1 points per game,
just behind Green and James among forwards, according to NBA.com/stats.

With Griffin on the floor, the Clippers score a respectable 107.8 points per 100
possessions.  It's a small sample size, but they have scored 109.8 points per
100 possessions without Griffin, a sign they can withstand his absence.

The Clippers found success against the Jazz with a deep rotation and multiple
assists from six players. Against the Wizards, it was the same: 10 players with
at least 17 minutes, and seven players with at least two assists.

Rivers' call for more offensive involvement from more players has been heard.
Paul brings his usual, high-quality playmaking skills, but DeAndre Jordan, Pablo
Prigioni and Paul Pierce have been key to the Clippers' ball movement in the
last two games.

"We're all rooting for one another," Paul said. "Doc is right. It's the spirit.
Guys just playing hard. We're playing together. ... As long as you're playing
the right way, you're going to win more often than you lose."

Center Cole Aldrich has been a surprise off the bench, too. He appeared in eight
games before Griffin's injury but in the last two games has played 33 minutes
and scored 21 points with nine rebounds, five assists, four steals and two
blocked shots.

"Cole Aldrich just plays the right way," Paul said.

While Griffin is out, Rivers will go with Pierce against teams that play smaller
and Josh Smith, or someone else, against teams that play bigger. The Clippers
have good results with a combination of these three guards on the court, too:
Paul, Prigioni, J.J. Redick, Jamal Crawford and Austin Rivers.

"Our second unit with those three guards created so much havoc, and you had
three ballhandlers on the floor," Rivers said of a Prigioni-Crawford-Rivers
combo that had success against the Wizards. "It was just nice to see."

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 5, 2011 Saturday

Louisville-WVU will feature a coaching battle

BYLINE: Josh Sickles

LENGTH: 675 words


MORGANTOWN, W.Va. ? The biggest matchup in the college game is usually on the
field, but this weekend will be a battle of coaches.

When No. 24 West Virginia faces Louisville at noon Saturday at Milan Puskar
Stadium, it will be a head coaching battle between two of the best offensive and
defensive minds in the Big East, maybe the country.

West Virginia's offensive guru Dana Holgorsen will go up against Louisville's
defensive sage Charlie Strong.

"Charlie Strong has been as well respected of a defensive coordinator as there's
been in the profession for the last two decades," Holgorsen said. "The guy's won
two national championships and has been a part of some good programs being the
defensive coordinator. That tells you something."

Before becoming Louisville's coach a year ago, Strong spent seven seasons as
defensive coordinator at Florida. In his final season, the Gators were top five
in scoring defense (11.5 ppg), total defense (253.1 ypg) and pass defense (151.5
ypg)

In the BCS national championship game, Strong's unit held Oklahoma, the nation's
top-scoring offense, to 14 points, 40 below the Sooners' season average.

Louisville ranked in the top 20 nationally in total defense and top 10 in sacks
in its first season under Strong. This season, the Cardinals are first in the
Big East in scoring defense (16.2 ppg) and total defense (295.6 ypg). Louisville
ranks in the top 15 nationally in scoring defense, total defense, rush defense,
sacks and tackles for loss.

"They're two-deep at each position, and a lot of those guys play," Holgorsen
said. "They have a bunch of competition that's making them better, as well."

Holgorsen has an impressive resume himself. In the past three seasons, he has
produced an offense that was top three in scoring and total offense at Houston
and Oklahoma State.

West Virginia ranks first in the conference in total offense (482.1 ypg) and
pass offense (354.9 ypg) and second in scoring offense (38.6 ppg). The
Mountaineers will present a challenge for Strong and Louisville.

"Our defense is really going to have to play well because you are looking at the
No. 1 offense in the conference, and you're looking at the No. 1 offensive
player in the conference with (quarterback) Geno Smith," Strong said.

Smith's performance has had a huge impact on every West Virginia game this
season. Of his five interceptions, four have come in West Virginia's two losses.

Holgorsen said he was pretty hard on Smith for a stagnant offense in the third
quarter last week against Rutgers. A quarterback without poise could have shut
down, but Smith responded in the fourth quarter.

He completed all three of his passes for 75 yards and a touchdown. He also ran
for a score on fourth-and-1 at the goal line.

"That was not a designed end-around play," Holgorsen said. "If he had it, throw
it. If he didn't have it, don't force it, but make a play. He did, and he needs
to keep doing that."

Gameday: Louisville at West Virginia

When/where: Noon Saturday/Milan Puskar Stadium

TV/radio: Big East Network (WTAE Channel 4), Mountaineer Sports Network, Sirius
Channel 85 and XM 85, MSNsportsNET.com

Favorite: West Virginia by 13

Records: West Virginia (6-2, 2-1); Louisville (4-4, 2-1)

Series: West Virginia leads, 10-2

Last meeting: West Virginia, 17-10 (Nov. 20, 2010)

Outlook: Louisville hasn't won a game in Morgantown, W.Va., since a  9-7
decision in 1990. ... West Virginia has won four straight games and  six of the
past seven in this series. ... The Mountaineers are  outscoring opponents,
103-37, in the third quarter this season. ... West  Virginia has been held to
less than 100 yards rushing as a team in five  of eight games this season. ...
Senior Louisville linebacker Dexter  Heyman is tied for third in the Big East
with 10 tackles for loss. ...  Despite a strong defense, Louisville has
generated only nine turnovers  in eight games and owns a minus-3 turnover
margin, second worst in the  conference. ... Louisville has scored on just 12 of
17 red zone attempts  (70.6 percent) -- last in the Big East.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             October 3, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

No. 3 Georgia Busts Loose;
Bulldogs' Offense Swamps LSU With Five Touchdown Passes

BYLINE: Mark Schlabach, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; E01

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: ATHENS, Ga. Oct. 2


Georgia 45, LSU 16

This is how Georgia Coach Mark Richt envisioned his offense working -- his
receivers out-running and out-jumping cornerbacks, his quarterback standing
calmly in the pocket and dissecting an opponent with precision and confidence,
his running backs slashing through the line of scrimmage and fighting for extra
yards.

For much of four seasons, since leaving Florida State Coach Bobby Bowden's
cradle to take over a Bulldogs program that had not won a Southeastern
Conference championship in 20 years, Richt waited for his offense to explode.
Even when he led the Bulldogs to an SEC title in his second season, Georgia won
with defense and special teams, its offense seemingly stuck in neutral.

Finally, during Saturday's 45-16 victory over defending co-national champion LSU
in front of a sellout crowd of 92,746 fans at Sanford Stadium, Richt saw flashes
of that high-powered offense. Bulldogs quarterback David Greene threw a
school-record five touchdowns, two each to senior receivers Reggie Brown and
Fred Gibson, who repeatedly beat Tigers cornerbacks Travis Daniels and Corey
Webster, a preseason all-American selection. Also, Bulldogs freshman Danny Ware
ran 22 times for 109 yards, becoming the first player to run for 100 yards
against the Tigers this season.

"I'm just tickled to death about what happened," Richt said. "I'm a little bit
surprised, myself. I thought we could win the game, but not in that fashion."

It was a relief for Richt, who had grown increasingly impatient with his team's
offensive struggles and the media's questions regarding the Bulldogs' woes. (In
his postgame news conference, Richt publicly apologized for snapping at a
reporter earlier in the week.) After Georgia's less-than-spectacular victories
in the past two games, 20-16 at South Carolina and 13-3 against Marshall, some
college football observers were beginning to wonder if the Bulldogs were worthy
of their No. 3 ranking, the program's highest-ever preseason ranking.

"I think we showed everybody why we're number three," Gibson said. "We scored
points and played great defense. That sounds like a good football game to me. I
hope it's a statement. We just put up 45 points against the defending national
champs."

With a dominating performance against No. 13 LSU, which beat the Bulldogs twice
last season, including a 34-13 win in the SEC championship game in Atlanta,
Georgia (4-0, 2-0) got a leg up in the rugged SEC East. The Tigers (3-2, 1-2),
who finished 13-1 last season and beat Oklahoma, 21-14, in the Sugar Bowl to
claim the Bowl Championship Series title, lost for the second time in three
games. The loss was LSU's worst since Florida beat the Tigers, 41-9, during
Coach Nick Saban's first season in 2000, and the most points LSU has allowed
during Saban's tenure.

"We started out very sluggish, and Georgia came out fast and furious," Saban
said. "I thought we were ready to play, and the outcome is a curveball to me."

The Bulldogs jumped on the Tigers early, scoring on four consecutive possessions
in the first half. Greene's first touchdown pass was a 25-yarder to Brown on
third and 10 on Georgia's second possession. After Andy Bailey kicked a 32-yard
field goal to make it 10-0, Georgia recovered two LSU fumbles in the second
quarter. Greene threw touchdowns after each turnover, two yards to Gibson and 29
yards to Brown, giving the Bulldogs a 24-0 lead.

"We just got into a groove," said Greene, who completed 10 of 19 passes for 172
yards. "You can't really explain it. If I could, I'd do it every week.
Sometimes, you just feel good."

The Tigers scored 10 points in the final 83 seconds of the first half on
JaMarcus Russell's 18-yard touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe and Chris Jackson's
31-yard field goal, cutting the Bulldogs' lead to 24-10 at halftime. But Greene
threw two more touchdowns in the third quarter, 24 yards to Gibson and 21 yards
to sophomore Sean Bailey. Georgia freshman Thomas Brown scored on a one-yard run
with 61/2 minutes left to make it 45-10.

LSU seemed out of sync for much of the game. Late in the third quarter, receiver
Xavier Carter caught a kickoff in the end zone, ran and took a knee at the
Tigers 1-yard line. After Marcus Randall threw a two-yard touchdown pass to
Carter with 1 minute 51 seconds left, Jackson missed his fifth extra-point
attempt of the season. The Tigers ran 29 times for 67 yards, and Georgia sacked
Randall and Russell five times combined.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                           December 10, 2001, Monday

BUCS HAVE A HABIT OF MAKING IT CLOSE

BYLINE: MIKE COBB The Ledger

SECTION: NFL Monday; Pg. CC6

LENGTH: 524 words


TAMPA -- While other parts of Tampa Bay's offense has had its ups and downs this
year, one part that seems to work consistently is their two-minute offense.

The Bucs rallied for a pair of touchdowns in the fourth quarter at Tennessee to
send the game into overtime (only to lose). They drove 65 yards in eight plays
at Detroit for a last-second game-winning field goal by Martin Gramatica earlier
this year. They drove into field goal range against the Bears only to have
Martin Gramatica miss a field goal that would've tied it.

And Sunday, they used their two-minute offense to drive 80 yards on 15 plays in
the final 4:56 to beat the Detroit Lions, 15-12. The game-winner was a 13-yard
touchdown pass to Keyshawn Johnson, his 93rd catch of the year but his first
touchdown.

What's working in the two-minute offense that doesn't work the rest of the day?

"It's experienced guys who don't panic," said Coach Tony Dungy. "It's guys
who've been there. Brad (Johnson) and Keyshawn (Johnson), our offensive line,
everybody.

"They felt like when the time came to make a play, make a catch, they all felt
like we were going to do it."

It's a mindset that they have to get it done, says Keyshawn Johnson.

"In the two-minute (offense), we get into a do-or-die situation. It's almost
like the team itself, in a do-or-die situation," Johnson said. "That's what it
comes down to. It's either going to happen or it's not going to happen.

"Most times in the two-minute, we've driven the ball down the field, we've
scored touchdowns and put ourselves in position to win the football game."

Even at the end of the first half, the Bucs drove from their own 21 to the
Lions' 3, but wasted a scoring chance by deciding to take one last shot at the
end zone rather than kick a field goal.

That drive ended with Brad Johnson heaving an over-the-head left-handed pass
toward the end zone as time ran out.

The Bucs did manage one 91-yard touchdown drive that actually produced 111 yards
of offense because they had to overcome two 10-yard holding penalties.

They also had two drives using their two-minute offense -- one at the end of the
half and one at the end of the game -- that produced 143 yards.

The rest of the day, on their other eight possessions, they managed just 102
yards of offense, seven first downs and no points.

That's why, with 4:56 left and the Bucs trailing, 12-7, they were going to the
two-minute offense. It wasn't that they felt they were running out of time. It
was because they had to get something going.

"We were going into the two-minute drill at that point in the game just to try
to get us some rhythm," said offensive coordinator Clyde Christensen.

"We weren't moving the ball, so even if there were eight minutes on the clock,
we were going two-minute no matter what happened with the score or anything."

The result was a 15-play, 80-yard touchdown drive.

"At this point, I don't care if we run two-minute the whole game," said center
Jeff Christy. "The way it's been working for us, I'd almost rather do that."

The way it's worked this year, maybe that's something to think about.


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CALVIN KNIGHT/The Ledger: Tampa Bay's Mike Alstott pulls along
Detroit's Allen Aldridge for a touchdown in the second quarter of the Bucs'
15-12 win on Sunday. For the Bucs, it was their third straight win.

             Copyright 2001 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 11, 2010 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

TEXTING-DRIVING BAN IN WORKS

BYLINE: CRISTINA SILVA

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: A bill that would make texting while driving a secondary offense
gains steam in the House.


Momentum is building for a measure that would ban text messaging while driving,
but legislators are still ironing out just how far the proposed law should go.

After more than an hour of heated debate, a House committee unanimously pushed
forward a bill Wednesday that stopped short of making texting while driving a
primary offense. So a police officer would need another reason to stop a driver
and write a citation.

Lawmakers acknowledged some compromise had softened the bill language, but
supporters stressed that passing any law would be better than taking no action.

"When you are offered a ham sandwich, sometimes it is better to take the ham
sandwich than wait for the steak that never comes," said Rep. Gary Aubuchon,
R-Cape Coral, chairman of the Roads, Bridges and Ports Policy Committee.

The texting talk puts Florida at the center of a national debate about
telecommunication devices and road safety. At least 19 states and the District
of Columbia have passed bans on texting while driving in recent years.

Distractions caused by mobile devices contribute to 6,000 deaths each year on
America's highways, according to the U.S. Transportation Department. More than
135 billion text messages were sent or received in a one-month period in the
United States, an 80 percent increase over the rate in 2008, the department
found.

Florida's proposed law would make texting while driving a secondary offense. The
measure also would prohibit motorists from reading data on wireless devices
while driving.

First-time violators could be fined $30 plus court costs. A second offense
within five years would be a moving violation, costing the texting driver $60
plus court costs.

The bill, pushed by Rep. Doug Holder, R-Sarasota, initially proposed making
texting while driving a more serious offense.

Holder, who has tried to pass similar legislation in the past without success,
said he was comfortable with the new bill language.

"From what I am hearing, If we made this a primary offense, there would be so
much opposition that the bill would never be heard again," he said. Other
lawmakers have advised him that this version would be more amenable in the
Senate, he said.

Still, some proponents said they wanted to see a stronger bill reach the House
floor.

"The easiest thing for law enforcement is to be able to say it is illegal to
hold a piece of (telecommunications) equipment in your hand," said Rep. Julio
Robaina, R-Miami.

Police officers might not be able to differentiate between drivers dialing a
telephone call or texting a message without a clearer idea of what to look for,
said Rep. Audrey Gibson, D-Jacksonville.

"I don't know what they (the drivers) are going to take to court to prove they
are not texting," she said.

Holder urged lawmakers to trust law enforcement officers to do their jobs.

"The intention of this bill is to save lives in Florida by prohibiting texting
while driving so we can reduce deaths and accidents," he said. "The purpose of
the bill is not to enact a law in order to pull someone over and write a
citation."

More than a dozen similar bills have been pitched in the House and Senate this
year, but Holder's measure has received the most support. That doesn't sit well
with lawmakers pushing for broader enforcement.

"How many lives do we have to lose before they get that this is a very serious
deal?" said Rep. Janet Long, D-Seminole, who vowed to fight for a stricter ban.
"It ain't over until it is over."

Cristina Silva can be reached at csilva@sptimes.com or (850) 224-7263.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 12, 2010



CORRECTION: The last paragraph of a story about efforts to ban texting while
driving was cut short Thursday in some editions of the Times. Here is the full
passage:"How many lives do we have to lose before they get that this is a very
serious deal?" said Rep. Janet Long, D-Seminole, who vowed to fight for a
stricter ban. "It ain't over until it is over."

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - DANIEL WALLACE - Times (2009): Sickles High sophomore Brenna
McTeer, 15, tries to use a cell phone and drive a slalom course during a class
in October.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 4, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

This Isn't Urban Meyer's Offense

BYLINE: ANDY STAPLES, astaples@tampatrib.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE


By ANDY STAPLES

astaples@tampatrib.com

GAINESVILLE - All those who swore University of Florida coach Urban Meyer's
offense wouldn't work in the SEC need to stop gloating.

Saturday's 31-3 pasting at Alabama didn't prove their point. The conference
still may prove them correct, but we won't know until the Gators actually run
Meyer's spread-option offense.

Meyer said Monday that he and his assistants would put their heads together
before Saturday's Mississippi State game and try to find a way to run some of
the plays they ran at Utah.

"It's not a spread offense right now," Meyer said. "What we're trying to do is
utilize some of the things we do well. We're throwing the ball much more
downfield than we ever have, because that's how we're making plays."

In other words, the Gators are like the boxer who throws haymakers and prays he
lands one or two. Meyer's 2004 Utah offense was like the boxer who grinds down
his opponent with jabs and body blows. Even if they never landed the knockout
punch, the Utes knew they'd win on points.

Utah used shovel passes and option runs to set up downfield throws. On many
possessions, the Utes chewed up chunks of yards without ever taking a deep shot.

Florida can't do that, because -- put simply -- Florida can't block. Sound too
harsh? It's not. Meyer admitted Saturday that his five offensive linemen
couldn't block Alabama's three rushers when the Crimson Tide dropped eight
defenders into coverage to stop those deep passes.

And even when Florida quarterback Chris Leak spotted a weakness in the defense,
the Crimson Tide had little trouble adjusting to audibles.

"They keep repeating their signals," Alabama linebacker DeMeco Ryans told The
Birmingham (Ala.) News. "We're college students. We picked up on it. You can't
just keep calling the same signals over and over."

Apparently, Brigham Young's curriculum didn't include Checkoffs 101.

But to Meyer's credit, he plans to fix the audible issue. He also plans to beat
a familiar path to the drawing board to design an offense that can function in
spite of the Gators' limitations. He said he plans to use the entire width of
the field. He understands the offense has suffered from tunnel vision, and he
wants to take a broader view.

The last guy to have Meyer's job insisted every problem was correctable and that
the Gators would get better and better. Meyer has used the dreaded "c" word
several times this year with regard to the offense, but the fact of the matter
is the Gators have scored three points in their last six quarters.

Meyer and his staff have to create a working offense on the fly, or more losses
will follow. Unfortunately, Meyer said Monday he has yet to discover such an
offense.

"That's a good question," Meyer said. "I don't have an answer for that right
now."

(CHART) UF SHORTS

oHere's more fodder for those who compare Urban Meyer to Steve Spurrier:
Spurrier's first SEC road loss also was a blowout. In 1990, the Gators lost,
45-3, at Tennessee.

oFlorida freshman golfer Mallory Blackwelder won an individual title to help
lead the Gators to a tournament title at the Lady Wildcat Invitational this past
weekend in Lexington, Ky.

o"We don't have any choice but to watch our film, correct our mistakes and go
really hard in practice. The guys that haven't played well have to play better,
or we're going to lose another one." -- Florida football coach Urban Meyer on
the Gators' struggles against Alabama

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COLLEGE FOOTBALL

GRAPHIC: PHOTO CHART
Knight Ridder/Tribune Urban Meyer is frustrated that the Gators offense has
scored three points in the past six quarters.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            July 20, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A CRIME WITH NO SIMPLE SOLUTION;
SEX ABUSE AGAINST CHILDREN FUELS A FRENZY TO CONDEMN ALL WITHOUT DEEPER
CONSIDERATION

BYLINE: By Gene Warner - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1024 words


Binghamton and Miami Beach passed laws restricting convicted sex offenders from
living near schools, day-care centers, parks or playgrounds.

The New York State Legislature considered bills that would have sent the most
dangerous sex offenders to mental facilities after prison or monitored them with
satellite tracking systems.

One developer in Lubbock, Texas, planned a subdivision where no convicted sex
offenders would be allowed to live.

And from Elma to Amherst, local town boards expressed their support for laws
restricting sex offenders freed from prison.

A noose -- a figurative one, anyway -- is being tightened around convicted sex
offenders, in Western New York and across the nation.

The publicity over several national cases has fed the frenzy against those who
commit society's most unspeakable crime -- a sex offense against an innocent
child.

Among them are the recent killings of 9-year-old Dylan Groene of Idaho and two
Florida girls, Jessica Lunsford, 9, and Sarah Lunde, 13. Registered sex
offenders have been accused in all three crimes.

One of the most vocal local elected officials has been Shelly Schratz, an
Amherst Town Board member pushing for stricter laws governing convicted sex
offenders.

"I want the worst offenders, the ones who specialists say cannot be cured, to
stay in civil confinement," she said. "If they are released, they should wear a
GPS band. But I don't believe the worst ones belong on the streets."

These calls for stricter laws have left local professionals with what one called
a "bittersweet" feeling. They're pleased that a spotlight is shining on sex
offenses. But they're concerned some people may be looking for simple solutions
to a more complex problem: how to reduce the chances of convicted sex offenders
committing more crimes.

The response includes bills designed to confine sex offenders longer, make them
feel unwelcomed in their hometown or restrict their movements.

Some of these approaches may be "Band-Aids" in attacking the larger problems,
said Jessica Pirro, advocacy coordinator for Crisis Services.

"We can't make these decisions based on emotion," Pirro said. "We have to
determine whether these changes will have a profound impact."

"Who would you rather listen to?" asked Lt. David F. Mann Jr., commander of the
Buffalo police Sex Offense Squad. "The person who says he has the one solution
that's going to solve the problem or the boring professional like me who tells
you about the 20 things we need to do day in and day out to make our community
safer?"

Pirro and Mann have dealt with sex offense victims. They want to help reduce
such crimes. But they remain leery of any "feel-good" measures that don't attack
the real problems.

The problem, Mann believes, is in considering all sex offenders as the same.

"When we talk about these people in the community and in the media, we tend to
lump them into one big pile known as sex offenders," he said. "But as a matter
of public safety, we have to be more sophisticated."

A distinction needs to be made between the convicted offenders who are in
treatment and those who have no interest in being helped, said Charles J.
Sabatino, who counsels sex offenders.

Professionals are concerned about the public latching on to "stranger
abductions," which may account for less than 10 percent of the offenses.

"I don't think people want to know the real story of sex offenses," Sabatino
said. "The real story is the neighbor, the friend, the relative, the teacher or
the Scout leader."

Schratz, the Amherst Town Board member, was watching coverage of the Jessica
Lunsford case last winter when she saw a photo of the slain girl, who looked a
lot like her own 10-year-old daughter.

"It went right to my heart," she said. "

Since then, Schratz has become one of the most outspoken elected officials on
the issue.

In late May, Schratz sponsored a community meeting in Amherst focusing on
reforming state laws that regulate sex offenders. She circulated petitions and
got the Amherst Town Board to ask the state to pass stricter laws against
released offenders.

Schratz, who claims 147 such bills have been introduced in the State Legislature
since 1993, remains frustrated that legislators couldn't agree on any of them.

She blames the Democratic-controlled Assembly. "They don't have the courage to
vote on these bills," she said.

While she proposed a local law putting GPS trackers on the most dangerous
offenders, Schratz also believes parents have to do more to protect their
children.

The professionals who deal with sex offenders and victims have mixed views about
the three types of proposed laws:

Forcing an offender to wear an ankle monitor or satellite tracker.

They can be effective for the person on parole who is not allowed anywhere near
a school or park or for the predator trolling for little kids, Mann said.

"But if you've got an offender whose crime was that he developed a relationship
with a 13-year-old neighbor known to him, it won't help," he said.

Civil confinement, in some type of mental facility, for the worst offenders
after they're released from prison.

That's an obvious constitutional issue, confining someone who has served his
jail time.

Mann, though, believes it can be effective in some cases.

"When you're talking about a diagnosed sociopath who will offend again and who
has done his state time, then I would be all for it for that guy," he said.

Residency restrictions.

Mann called them a short-term symbolic gesture.

"That's not solving the problem," said Pirro, from Crisis Services. "It's just
pushing it out of your community."

These experts propose a strong link between good supervision and mandated
treatment of released sex offenders; strengthening the team approach crafted by
law enforcement, doctors and those who provide victims' services; and closer
examination of treatment programs to determine which are most effective in
keeping these men from offending again. .

"There's no quick-fix solution," Mann said. "People get understandably upset
when they know that a sex offender is moving into their neighborhood. But until
that happens, citizens don't come together around this problem."

e-mail: gwarner@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharon Cantillon/Buffalo News Amherst Council Member Shelly Schratz is
heading a push for tougher laws and restrictions on convicted sex offenders.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Purdy: Stanford football wins with old-school offense

BYLINE: By Mark Purdy Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 718 words


Stanford, as a university, is the home of innovation and cutting-edge thinking.

Stanford, as a football program, is the home of traditionalism and cutting off
right tackle.

I confirmed this again Tuesday, as the new college season approaches. I asked
Cardinal coach David Shaw if he had ever considered switching from the team's
longtime prostyle West Coast offense to the spread offense that is all the rage
in college football today.

"No," Shaw said quickly, then twitched his neck a bit. "You just kind of gave me
the shivers there."

Really, you'd have to call this one of the great cultural anomalies in sports:

Here is Stanford football, located in whiz-bang Silicon Valley full of
revolutionary technology.

Here is Stanford football, playing in the whiz-bang Pacific-12 Conference full
of wild flash-and-dash-and-fling offensive attacks.

And yet here is Stanford football, running basically the same offense that Shaw
first learned when he played wide receiver for the Cardinal in the early '90s.
If the Stanford offense were a mobile device, it would still be a pager.

Of course, if a pager still gets the job done, why buy an iPhone?

"I ran the spread in high school," quarterback Kevin Hogan said. "It was fun.
But I like what our offense does here. ... I've talked to guys from other
schools, and they're in awe of what we do. ... We like to line up and tell you
we're running the ball and tell you where we're running it and see if you can
stop it."

The answer is almost always no. That's a big reason why Stanford, once more, is
ranked so high in preseason polls -- No. 6 by the Sporting News, No. 11 by
Associated Press, No. 12 by Athlon. The only other schools that have won at
least 10 games in each of the past four seasons are Alabama, Florida State and
Oregon.

The Stanford defense is also a big factor in the team's success. But the offense
is responsible for the scoreboard numbers trending in the right direction. Last
season, Stanford gained 2,904 yards on the ground, best in school history.

Shaw enjoys defending the offense to folks who suggest that Stanford is in
danger of becoming too predictable or stuck in a rut. He notes that his
offensive philosophy was developed while he either played or served as an
assistant coach for the likes of Bill Walsh, Dennis Green, Brian Billick and Jon
Gruden.

None of them, you may recall, was considered a conservative football
fundamentalist.

"I call myself a West Coast purist," Shaw said. "But there are principles of the
spread offense that can be found in the West Coast offense. ... If you're a
longtime 49er watcher, as I am, you can look back and see that every year Bill
Walsh was there, he did something a little different in terms of the way he used
the personnel and the way he attacked defenses."

And so it will be in 2014 for the Cardinal. But if there were ever a season when
spread-offense principles might find a home at Stanford, it would appear to be
this one. After the departure of big bell-cow runner Tyler Gaffney, Shaw has
decided that the top backfield spot will be rotated among five smaller guys.
Also, the Cardinal returns Hogan at quarterback along with a talented group of
experienced wide receivers.

It sounds like a perfect setup to send out all of that skill into the secondary
to find open spaces and have Hogan fire the ball. We could see some of that. But
it seems we'll be looking at the grunt work still setting the tone.

The only other Pac-12 teams with prostyle offenses are USC and Oregon State. In
most conferences, the ratio is the same. It makes you wonder how Shaw goes into
living rooms and persuades quarterback and wideout recruits to sign up for four
or five years of the Cardinal method.

"There are certain places that tout statistics," Shaw said. "We talk about
preparing to play at the next level. The No. 1 question they often ask about
quarterbacks is, can you read our NFL defenses? And that's all we train our
quarterbacks to do."

Hogan, who has NFL ambitions, has never once been jealous of his spread-offense
opponents -- for the same reason.

"If I'm lucky enough to have an opportunity at the next level, that should help
me," he said.

Sadly, before Hogan could elaborate, his interview session was over and he left
the room. I think he heard his pager buzzing.

Contact Mark Purdy at mpurdy@mercurynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

USC FOOTBALL NOTEBOOK: Offenses coming at Trojans

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 418 words


The fact the nation's fifth-ranked offense will be on display Saturday when USC
faces Arizona is no surprise.

Except most believed before the season the Trojans? offense would be in that
position.

But it is Arizona piling up nearly 549 yards per game. And the Wildcats are not
the only prolific offense waiting for the Trojans. Four of the nation?s top 23
offenses (Arizona, Oregon, UCLA, Arizona State) are among USC?s final six
opponents.

?We?re going to get ready to play some high-powered offenses, especially on the
ground,? USC coach Lane Kiffin said. ?(Arizona) runs a million snaps a game.?

USC?s offense ranks 47th in the nation at 421 yards per game.

BCS update

USC moved up a spot to ninth in the BCS rankings. The Trojans are behind
Oklahoma and ahead of Georgia. USC is ranked 10th in the Associated Press poll
and eighth in the coaches? poll.

Penalty problem

USC remains the most-penalized team in the nation with 69 and Kiffin said
Saturday was the first time he spent an entire halftime talking to the team
about it.

?I don?t really have a theory on it,? Kiffin said. ?What I?m hoping is we hit
rock bottom in the first half because we did better in the second half.?

Kiffin said USC?s personal- foul penalties were a ?disgrace.? He expects to hear
today from Pacific-12 Conference whether defensive tackle Leonard Williams will
be suspended after punching a Colorado player.

Injury report

Offensive tackle Aundrey Walker, who left the game with a possible concussion,
attended team meetings Sunday. Kiffin said Walker?s situation ?was looking
positive.?

Kiffin said cornerback Brian Baucham (undisclosed) and defensive tackle Cody
Temple (ankle) were out for the season. Baucham had breathing problems and
headaches during the California game and was hospitalized in intensive care
before eventually getting released.

Linebacker Dion Bailey did not play in the second half against Colorado. Kiffin
did not disclose his problem.

Holder shuffle

Sometimes it seems like USC changes things for the sake of change. Quarterback
Matt Barkley opened the season as the holder on field goals and extra points. He
was replaced a couple weeks ago by quarterback Cody Kessler. Now punter Kyle
Negrete is the first-team holder.

?I?d really rather not get into that for obvious reasons,? Kiffin said.

Kennard redshirts

Kiffin officially confirmed defensive end Devon Kennard will not play this
season. It was assumed Kennard would not play after tearing his chest muscle
last summer.

scott.wolf@dailynews.com twitter.com/InsideUSC

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: box
 Box: USC 50, COLORADO 6 - Scott Wolf

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     January 24, 2003 Friday Final Edition

Bowl a battle of No. 1s: offence versus defence: The Raiders offence befuddles
the NFL, reports Ken Berger.

SOURCE: Newsday

BYLINE: Ken Berger

SECTION: Sports; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 627 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO

SAN DIEGO - Lincoln Kennedy and Barret Robbins get down in a three-point stance
and start speaking a language that only football players understand. Jerry Rice
and Tim Brown split out wide, their minds racing with as many as three possible
routes they could run, depending on what Rich Gannon sees.

Gannon is their lifeline. He calls three different plays before striding to the
line of scrimmage to determine which one will work, and all of that in about 15
seconds or less.

Kennedy, the 10th-year tackle, shouts, "Threat!" or "Safe!" Gannon barks, "No!"
or "Kill!" Robbins, the centre, and guards Frank Middleton and Mo Collins know
what it all means. Gannon then orchestrates beauty out of chaos. It invariably
results in first downs, touchdowns and headaches for NFL defensive
co-ordinators.

Much is made of the Raiders' mystique. It is nothing compared to their
mystifying, ground-breaking offence, ranked No. 1 in the NFL for good reason and
on a collision course with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' top-ranked defence in Super
Bowl XXXVII.

"The one thing that I love about our offence is that we've proven this year that
we will do whatever it takes to win a football game," Brown said. "Whether it's
throwing the ball 64 times against Pittsburgh or running the ball 60 times
against Kansas City... Whatever it takes, we're going to try to do it. Whatever
game plan we try to use, if it doesn't work, we'll scrap it and try something
else."

The offence flows through Gannon, the league MVP and "a master of the West Coast
offence," according to coach Bill Callahan. Don't be fooled by Gannon's short
dumpoffs and a sidearm throwing motion that is more reminiscent of Dan
Quisenberry than Joe Montana.

"He can fool you if you're not careful," said Fred Biletnikoff, the Raiders'
receivers coach and Hall of Famer. "He can throw whatever ball he wants to
throw: short, medium and deep."

Callahan and Trestman switched in the offseason from a two-back, power running
offence to a one-back, multiple-receiver scheme that produced the No. 1 overall
and passing offence in the league. Running back Charlie Garner rushed for almost
1,000 yards and also caught 91 passes. Slot receiver Jerry Porter caught a
team-high nine touchdown passes.

Garner, Tyrone Wheatley and Zack Crockett share the usually limited running
duties, and tight end Doug Jolley has become a major threat.

Callahan calls these complementary pieces LRPs, or "limited role players." "We
spread the field and utilize the weapons a little bit more in the passing game
so it took on a different complexion, a different dimension. We've developed
something that's very unique to us."

The Raiders can run this hybrid offence partly because of Gannon's mobility and
intelligence. The biggest factor is an offensive line that is adept at
pass-blocking despite an average weight of 322 pounds.

In a rare setback last month, Gannon was sacked five times in a 23-17 loss to
the Miami Dolphins. However, last week against the Tennessee Titans in the AFC
championship game, Trestman called only one running play through three quarters.
Gannon was the Raiders' leading rusher (41 yards) and was not sacked.

"Bill Callahan has changed the complexion of the game," Wheatley said. "He's
like Frankenstein, almost a mad scientist. He'll sit up there and come up with
some stuff and come back and say, 'Aha! Got it!'"

There are sure to be copycats. Some believe Callahan's innovations could rival
those of the St. Louis Rams, who won the Super Bowl three years ago with a
fastbreak passing offence that is often mimicked, but rarely duplicated.

"We think we're a special group of guys," Brown said. "I think it would be
difficult for other teams to do this." It's pretty hard to stop, too.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David J. Phillip, The Associated Press; Quarterback Rich
Gannon's handling of the Raiders' offence helped him win the NFL's most valuable
player award this season.; Photo: Mike Blake, Reuters; Defensive tackle Warren
Sapp says new coach Jon Gruden challenged the Buccaneers' defence 'to take it a
step further.'

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Status of Senate Bill No: 8

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Status of
Senate Bill:



  SENATE BILL

 No.

 8

 Session of

 2017

 INTRODUCED BY FOLMER, SCARNATI, LEACH, VULAKOVICH,

 RESCHENTHALER, WAGNER, LAUGHLIN, STEFANO, BREWSTER,

 BARTOLOTTA, BOSCOLA, MENSCH AND BROWNE, JANUARY 26, 2017

 SENATOR GREENLEAF, JUDICIARY, AS AMENDED, JANUARY 31, 2017

 AN ACT

 Amending Titles 4 (Amusements), 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 30

 (Fish), 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 75

 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes,

 extensively revising forfeiture provisions as follows: in

 administration and enforcement relating to gaming, further

 providing for prohibited acts and penalties; in inchoate

 crimes, further providing for the offense of manufacture,

 distribution, use or possession of devices for theft of

 telecommunications services; in assault, further providing

 for the offense of terrorism; in loss of property rights

 relating to sexual offenses, further providing for general

 rule and repealing provisions relating to process and

 seizure, to custody of property and to disposal of property;



 in forgery and fraudulent practices, further providing for

 the offenses of copying and recording devices and for

 trademark counterfeiting; in riot, disorderly conduct and

 related offenses, further providing for the offense of

 gambling devices, gambling, etc.; in wiretapping and

 electronic surveillance, further providing for seizure and

 forfeiture of electronic, mechanical or other devices; in

 minors, further providing for sentencing and penalties for

 trafficking drugs to minors; in nuisances, further providing

 for the offense of scattering rubbish; in other offenses,

 further providing for drug trafficking sentencing and

 penalties; in vehicle chop shop and illegally obtained and

 altered property, further providing for loss of property

 rights to Commonwealth and repealing provisions relating to

 procedure with respect to seized property subject to liens

 and rights of lienholders; in enforcement relating to Fish

 and Boat Code, further providing for forfeiture of fish and

 devices; in actions, proceedings and other matters generally

 relating to Judicial Code, providing for forfeiture of

 assets; in forfeitures, repealing provisions relating to

 1

 2

 3

 4

 5

 6

 7

 8

 9

 10

 11

 12

 13

 14

 15

 16

 17

 18

 19

 20

 21

 22

 23

 24

 25

 26

 27

 28

 29

 30

 31

 32

 33

 controlled substances forfeiture, to terrorism forfeiture and

 to procedure with respect to seized property subject to liens

 and rights of lienholders; in size, weight and load relating

 to Vehicle Code, further providing for transporting

 foodstuffs in vehicles used to transport waste; in liquid

 fuels and fuel use tax enforcement, further providing for

 forfeitures and process and procedures and for disposition of

 fines and forfeitures; providing for conduct of forfeiture;

 and making repeals of provisions of the Liquor Code and

 another act relating to certain forfeiture of property.

 The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

 hereby enacts as follows:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Status of Senate Bill No: 8

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Status of
Senate Bill:



  SENATE BILL

 No.

 8

 Session of

 2017

 INTRODUCED BY FOLMER, SCARNATI, LEACH, VULAKOVICH,

 RESCHENTHALER, WAGNER, LAUGHLIN, STEFANO, BREWSTER,

 BARTOLOTTA, BOSCOLA, MENSCH AND BROWNE, JANUARY 26, 2017

 SENATOR GREENLEAF, JUDICIARY, AS AMENDED, JANUARY 31, 2017

 AN ACT

 Amending Titles 4 (Amusements), 18 (Crimes and Offenses), 30

 (Fish), 42 (Judiciary and Judicial Procedure) and 75

 (Vehicles) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes,

 extensively revising forfeiture provisions as follows: in

 administration and enforcement relating to gaming, further

 providing for prohibited acts and penalties; in inchoate

 crimes, further providing for the offense of manufacture,

 distribution, use or possession of devices for theft of

 telecommunications services; in assault, further providing

 for the offense of terrorism; in loss of property rights

 relating to sexual offenses, further providing for general

 rule and repealing provisions relating to process and

 seizure, to custody of property and to disposal of property;



 in forgery and fraudulent practices, further providing for

 the offenses of copying and recording devices and for

 trademark counterfeiting; in riot, disorderly conduct and

 related offenses, further providing for the offense of

 gambling devices, gambling, etc.; in wiretapping and

 electronic surveillance, further providing for seizure and

 forfeiture of electronic, mechanical or other devices; in

 minors, further providing for sentencing and penalties for

 trafficking drugs to minors; in nuisances, further providing

 for the offense of scattering rubbish; in other offenses,

 further providing for drug trafficking sentencing and

 penalties; in vehicle chop shop and illegally obtained and

 altered property, further providing for loss of property

 rights to Commonwealth and repealing provisions relating to

 procedure with respect to seized property subject to liens

 and rights of lienholders; in enforcement relating to Fish

 and Boat Code, further providing for forfeiture of fish and

 devices; in actions, proceedings and other matters generally

 relating to Judicial Code, providing for forfeiture of

 assets; in forfeitures, repealing provisions relating to

 1

 2

 3

 4

 5

 6

 7

 8

 9

 10

 11

 12

 13

 14

 15

 16

 17

 18

 19

 20

 21

 22

 23

 24

 25

 26

 27

 28

 29

 30

 31

 32

 33

 controlled substances forfeiture, to terrorism forfeiture and

 to procedure with respect to seized property subject to liens

 and rights of lienholders; in size, weight and load relating

 to Vehicle Code, further providing for transporting

 foodstuffs in vehicles used to transport waste; in liquid

 fuels and fuel use tax enforcement, further providing for

 forfeitures and process and procedures and for disposition of

 fines and forfeitures; providing for conduct of forfeiture;

 and making repeals of provisions of the Liquor Code and

 another act relating to certain forfeiture of property.

 The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

 hereby enacts as follows:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

FLA. LAWMAKERS' VIEWS DIVIDED ON NSA PROGRAM

BYLINE: ALEX LEARY, Times Washington Bureau Chief

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 815 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As questions continue to mount over the National Security Agency's surveillance
programs, Florida lawmakers are splitting between those who defend the programs
as necessary and those worried about an invasion of privacy.

The mixed reaction reflects public opinion and the overall response on Capitol
Hill.

"Clearly, a lot of what has happened over the past week raises a lot of
questions about whether the intelligence agencies have gone too far in the
collection of data," said Rep. Kathy Castor, D-Tampa, who sat in a briefing
about the program Tuesday with other House members.

"My concern is how much domestic data is swept in," she said. "I think the
security of the country is paramount, but we can't sacrifice our constitutional
protections under the Fourth Amendment."

Rep. Trey Radel, a freshman Republican from Fort Myers, said: "It's good that
I've only been here six months because I'm not so jaded that I look at this and
say, 'Oh, sure go ahead and look at everybody's records.' That's what I'm
hearing from some senior members. I want to know how there can be better
oversight and whether there can be stricter parameters."

Rep. Alan Grayson, a liberal Democrat from Central Florida, quickly drafted an
amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, up for vote this week, that
would prevent the federal government from collecting information on U.S.
citizens without probable cause of a terrorism offense or criminal offense.

"This amendment prevents the Defense Department from collecting any information
about U.S. citizens within the country - no telephone records, no Internet
records, no physical locations -unless there is probable cause of a terrorism (
offense) or criminal offense," Grayson said.

But others were more accepting of the phone and Internet surveillance as a
necessary way to prevent attacks.

Both Florida senators have expressed support for the programs and say they are
subject to oversight. Sen. Marco Rubio said news reports - based on leaked
information - have not explained the full extent of the program and its
safeguards.

"The threat that we face - largely radical, political Islamists - is probably a
threat that is going to exist for the rest of our lifetimes. It's just the
reality. We have to deal with it. The world changed after 9/11, and it changed
after Boston. It's just a struggle to try to balance our deeply held convictions
of privacy and freedoms and liberties with our need to provide for national
security," Rubio said.

Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson wrote in an op-ed Wednesday in the New York Daily
News: "The U.S. intelligence community's mission is to collect intelligence
concerning terrorist organizations and potential threats to our national
security. In furtherance of this mission, the government engages in a number of
properly authorized and lawful data collection programs - two of which were
leaked to the media this week."

Referring to the intelligence contractor who exposed the secrets, Nelson wrote:
"Edward Snowden is not a whistleblower. What Edward Snowden did amounts to an
act of treason. And the Department of Justice should bring charges against him
for deliberately taking classified information and leaking it in such a way that
our enemies can use it against us."

Nelson said the surveillance programs "both are lawful and court-approved
programs."

Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Weston, echoed that sentiment, telling a South
Florida television station that Snowden "should be extradited, arrested and
prosecuted." She voted against the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that
enabled the programs. She said that possible changes could be made on how long
the government retains data, according to CBS 4 Miami.

Polls of U.S. public opinion show a mixed response. A poll by the Washington
Post and the Pew Research Center conducted over the weekend found Americans
generally prioritize the government's need to investigate terrorist threats over
the need to protect personal privacy.

But a CBS News poll conducted June 9-10 showed that while most approve of
government collection of phone records of Americans suspected of terrorist
activity and Internet activities of foreigners, a majority disapproved of
federal agencies collecting the phone records of ordinary Americans. Thirty
percent agreed with the government's assessment that the revelation of the
programs would hurt the United States' ability to prevent future terrorist
attacks.

"I worry about this, I think it's overreach. Saving files, saving information
from Americans is the best step on the wrong road," said Rep. Joe Garcia,
D-Miami. "We've made tremendous sacrifices for our personal liberty in the hopes
of trying to get some semblance of protection. My worry is that we're paying too
high a price. I think we have to have a much more frank discussion. Let's put it
up for a vote."

Information from the Associated Press was used in the report.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sen. Marco Rubio, Republican PHOTO: Sen. Bill Nelson, Democrat
PHOTO: Rep. Kathy Castor, D-Tampa PHOTO: Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Weston
PHOTO: Rep. Alan Grayson, D-Orlando PHOTO: Rep. Joe Garcia, D-Miami

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            January 14, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ex-Viking Childress is latest candidate ;
 He brings a seasoned r)sum) of running NFL offenses.

BYLINE: By BEN VOLIN Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 502 words


If the Dolphins want a total change on offense in 2011, they may have found the
right candidate in former Vikings head coach Brad Childress.

Childress, fired by Minnesota in late November after his team fell to3-7 --
including a 14-10 loss to Miami in September-- will interview for the Dolphins'
offensive coordinator vacancy Saturday, according to the Minneapolis
Star-Tribune.

Childress, an offensive coordinator or head coach for seven seasons, ran a West
Coast offense in Philadelphia and Minnesota, which emphasizes short passes and
yards after the catch in lieu of a power running game. It would be a significant
change for the Dolphins' offense, which finished 30th in points scored in 2010
and subsequently fired the quarterbacks coach and the offensive coordinator
retired.

Childress, 54, who doesn't have any direct ties to Dolphins coach Tony Sparano
or General Manager Jeff Ireland, said he's going into the interview with an open
mind.

"I don't have any preconceived notions," Childress told the Star-Tribune. "If
there's a good opportunity there with good people, and that's the key, I'll
coach again this year. If not, then I'll pass and do something next year."

Childress went 39-35 in four-plus season as the Vikings' coach, reaching the
playoffs twice and coming an overtime-loss away from reaching last year's Super
Bowl. His offenses languished in the middle of the pack for his first three
seasons in Minnesota, never finishing higher than 12th in points scored and 13th
in total yards. But the Vikings finished second in points and fifth in yards in
2009 when they finally got a quarterback in Brett Favre.

Childress also served as the Eagles' quarterbacks coach from 1999-2002, helping
a young Donovan McNabb reach the Pro Bowl three times in his first four seasons,
and then as the Eagles' offensive coordinator from 2003-05. The Eagles finished
in the top 10 in points and yards just once in Childress' three seasons as
coordinator, but that 2004 team went 13-3 before losing to the Patriots in the
Super Bowl.

Childress has the most impressive r)sum) among the five candidates linked to the
Dolphins for their two coaching vacancies.

Only one other candidate has head coaching experience -- Chris Palmer, Sparano's
mentor who went 5-27 in two seasons as the Browns' head coach in 1999-00.

The other three candidates all are younger, up-and-coming coaches: Dallas tight
ends coach John Garrett, San Diego tight ends/assistant head coach Rob
Chudzinski and Cleveland offensive coordinator Brian Daboll. Daboll and
Chudzinski both have coordinator experience, while Garrett has only been a
position coach and scout.

Of those candidates, Daboll, Palmer and Garrett have a better chance at landing
the quarterbacks position, while Chudzinski and Childress are more likely
candidates for offensive coordinator.

Chudzinski also is in the running to become offensive coordinator in Carolina,
where Ron Rivera, his friend from the Chargers' coaching staff, recently was
named head coach.

~ben_volin@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  DOLPHINS OFFENSIVE COORDINATOR OPENING

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 10, 2000, Monday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 638 words

Man accused after brother served time
A man arrested in Virginia has been charged in a 1981 rape for which his brother
served 19 years in prison, police said. Marlo Charles, 44, was arrested Friday
in Hampton. His brother Clyde Charles was released from prison in December after
authorities said DNA tests pointed to Marlo Charles. Attorney Barry Scheck,
known for his defense of O.J. Simpson, helped get Clyde Charles released. He
filed a federal lawsuit against state officials, who for years had refused to
conduct DNA tests.

Clyde Charles, now 47, was 28 when he was sentenced to life in prison in the
rape of a woman near a bar in Houma, La., where he and his brother had been
drinking.

The brothers had separated after the bar closed, hitchhiking in different
directions. A flat tire had stranded the 26-year-old woman on the same road. A
man came up behind her, punched her face and raped her. She later identified
Clyde Charles as her attacker.

His original defense attorney had suggested Marlo Charles might be the rapist,
but on the witness stand, he denied involvement. Marlo Charles, 44, is awaiting
extradition to Louisiana.

Climb in gas prices may be easing
The sharp rise in gasoline prices that had motorists fuming and politicians
fulminating may have topped out. The average pump price dipped nearly 2 1/2
cents per gallon in the past two weeks, an analyst said Sunday. The average
price for all grades of gasoline, including taxes, was about $ 1.57 per gallon
Friday, down 2.49 cents, according to the Lundberg Survey of 10,000 stations
nationwide.

Cold, snow blast Northeastern states
A cold front plowing across the East on Sunday spread snow across parts of New
York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and the New England states. Sunday morning
temperatures across the Northeast were only in the 20s and low 30s.

Marine reprimanded in training death
A Marine captain convicted of charges stemming from the heat-related death of a
reservist received a reprimand Sunday and was ordered to forfeit $ 3,600 in
future pay. Lt. Col. Ralph Kohlmann, a military judge at Camp Lejeune, N.C. ,
found Capt. Victor Arana guilty of dereliction of duty and failure to obey an
order. He could have sentenced Arana to as much as nine months in prison and
dismissed him from the Marines. Arana, 28, of Chicago, was charged in the death
of Lance Cpl. Giuseppe "Joey" Leto, 21, of New Milford, Conn., who died after a
July 7 night march in 80-degree heat.

Bush appointee backpedals on slurs
A Texas police chief appointed to a state law enforcement training commission by
Texas Gov. George W. Bush has apologized for saying in a 1998 court deposition
that he did not consider certain racially derogatory phrases to be offensive.
Charles W. Williams, of Marshall, who was named to the part- time training
standards commission in 1997, later testified in a lawsuit that he was not
disturbed by certain phrases that are demeaning to blacks. The racial bias
lawsuit, filed by a black officer in Marshall, alleged that white officers under
Williams' command regularly used such phrases. Williams was a defendant in the
suit before it was dismissed. A spokesman for Bush said the governor's office
was had been unaware of the lawsuit.

Clinton jab at mayor draws McCain's scorn
Former presidential candidate John McCain on Sunday ridiculed Hillary Clinton's
charge that New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani is in the pocket of right-wing
zealots. McCain said he is proud to be part of that "vast right- wing
conspiracy." "I'm sure that will be sufficient to put us over the top," McCain
quipped Sunday at a news conference with Giuliani, who is running against
Clinton for a seat in the U.S. Senate. The Arizona senator called the suggestion
that Giuliani is allied with the far right "ludicrous."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 28, 2014 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

A.N.Y. TATE OF MIND WR says Seahawks offense can be Super at MetLife

BYLINE: BY EBENEZER SAMUEL NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 539 words


THERE IS Peyton Manning's super-powered, top-ranked Denver Broncos offense, a
unit overflowing with weapons, with a receiver that even Richard Sherman won't
dare to diss and a pile of records.

But there will be another dangerous offense in Sunday's Super Bowl XLVIII at
MetLife Stadium. And it's that other unit, the Seattle Seahawks offense, that
could wind up defining this game.

"It's no secret that the No. 1 defense is going up against the No. 1 offense,"
receiver Golden Tate said on Monday. "Because that's going to draw attention
naturally.

"We're really not too worried about it. We know in order to win this game,
offense has got to show up, defense has got to show up, and special teams, too."

Super Bowl XLVIII is being billed as Manning vs. Seattle's Legion of Boom
secondary, which includes the brash-talking Sherman, but the Seahawks offense is
the X-factor. Seattle boasts a battering-ram tailback in Marshawn Lynch, a
quarterback who flummoxes defensive lines in Russell Wilson, and a bevy of
receivers. The offense is built around Lynch, who bludgeons opponents into
submission by the fourth quarter.

And Tate believes in this collection of playmakers - even against Manning's
bunch.

"You look at this team, we've got playmakers all over the place," Tate said.
"You've got Russell, you've got myself, you've got Beast Mode (Lynch). You've
got Percy (Harvin), Doug (Baldwin), Zach (Miller)."

Indeed, it's a solid collection of weapons, one that quietly tied the
high-powered Green Bay Packers for eighth in the NFL in scoring this season
(26.1 points per game), but it's also been a hot-and-cold unit. In early
December, the Seahawks spanked the Saints, 34-7. Nearly two months later, their
offense is limping through the playoffs, churning out fewer total yards per game
(292.5 in these playoffs) than Manning has by himself (315 passing yards per
game).

While Denver's offense - with explosive wideout Demaryius Thomas - has
methodically moved the ball in this postseason, the Seattle attack has subsisted
almost solely on big plays. In the NFC divisional playoff win over the Saints,
Wilson never led a sustained drive, and only a 31-yard Lynch TD run in the
fourth quarter preserved the lead. A 40-yard Lynch TD run and a dangerous
35-yard heave from Wilson to Jermaine Kearse were the sole highlights of another
lackluster effort in the NFC title game against the 49ers.

That Seahawk offense must find a way to get untracked against a Denver Broncos
defense that has quietly picked up its game. The Broncos haven't surrendered
more than 20 points since Dec. 8.

"They're jelling," Tate said of the Broncos defense. "They're all in sync right
now. They're playing good football, good disciplined fundamental football."

Tate feels the same way about his own offense. It doesn't need to match Manning
yard-for-yard, after all; it only needs to outscore Denver. And that may mean
another roller-coaster performance that belies the stats, another outing that is
defined by a few big plays.

The Seahawks have won this way all season. And Tate, for one, will be ready to
help them pull it off again on Sunday.

"I'm excited," he said. "I hope the opportunity comes where this team needs me
to make a play, because I hope I'm that guy."

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Golden Tate knows Seahawks offense is being overshadowed by Peyton
Manning and Broncos' attack, but thinks Seattle can be just as dangerous because
'we've got playmakers all over the place.' Getty

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

NFL PREVIEW;
ON THE NFL;
POINT MEN'S APPOINTMENTS;
If defense wins titles, why are all seven new coaches linked to the offensive
side?

BYLINE: SAM FARMER

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Sports Desk; Part V; Part V; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 685 words


In the most recent Super Bowl, Carolina's unstoppable offense met Denver's
immovable defense ... and the Broncos won.

Rarely has there been a more resounding endorsement of defense, the brutal
effectiveness of bookend pass rushes rounding the edge and applying vice-grip
pressure to a quarterback.

That said, when seven teams switched coaches this offseason, each of them
selected someone with offensive expertise. It's highly unusual for an entire
crop of new coaches to come from the same side of the ball, but that's the case
this season with Miami's Adam Gase, Cleveland's Hue Jackson, San Francisco's
Chip Kelly, Tampa Bay's Dirk Koetter, Tennessee's Mike Mularkey, Philadelphia's
Doug Pederson and the New York Giants' Ben McAdoo.

Six of those seven men have been NFL offensive coordinators, and the one who
hasn't is Kelly, whose innovative offense at Oregon and then with the
Philadelphia Eagles had a ripple effect throughout football.

Jackson made a point of not hiring an offensive coordinator when he got the top
job in Cleveland. He did hire Pep Hamilton, who had that job in Indianapolis,
but gave him the title of associate head coach --offense.

Mere semantics?

"Right now in my mind, I don't really plan on having an offensive coordinator,"
Jackson told Sirius XM NFL radio when he was hired. "Because I want to reserve
the right to call plays. That's something that's gotten me this job, so it's
something that you're an expert at. You want to continue to work at that and
keep that in your pocket so you can use it to help your team."

Jackson will need to call on that creativity. Earlier this month he named as his
starting quarterback Washington Redskins castoff Robert Griffin III, a player
who last started in 2014 and didn't take a snap last season.

"We expect him to continue to ascend as he becomes more and more acclimated to
the offensive system we will employ this season," Jackson said of Griffin, the
No. 2 overall pick in 2012.

Koetter, who had been an NFL offensive coordinator since 2007, had that title in
Tampa Bay last season and helped direct No. 1 pick Jameis Winston to one of the
best seasons for a rookie quarterback in league history.

Regardless, the Buccaneers need the most help on defense. They ranked 26th in
points allowed last season.

Likewise, McAdoo didn't switch teams and also was promoted from offensive
coordinator, a position he held the past two seasons. He was hired to replace
Tom Coughlin, who stepped down after 12 years as the team's head coach. The
Giants are coming off a 6-10 season, the fourth year in a row they missed the
playoffs.

By promoting McAdoo, the Giants maintained the continuity of the West Coast
offense for Eli Manning.

"I guess from a selfish standpoint, yes, I'd like to be in the same offense,"
Manning said at the end of last season, before McAdoo was hired. "I think Coach
McAdoo and I work well together, and our preparation and getting ready for each
week. I think this year, I think I had a really firm grasp of the offense and
what we were doing, we were on the same page, and I think we did a good job."

Mularkey isn't a newcomer in Tennessee; he coached the final nine games of 2015
after replacing the fired Ken Whisenhunt.

Gase was offensive coordinator in Chicago last season, and before had that job
in Denver, where he worked closely with Peyton Manning.

Kelly was fired after nearly three seasons in Philadelphia (replaced with one
game to go last season), and wound up on the opposite coast.

As for Pederson, he had been Andy Reid's offensive coordinator in Kansas City,
and has returned to Philadelphia, where he once played quarterback. And rest
assured, he knows how a great offense should look. He played behind Brett Favre,
Dan Marino, Jim McMahon and Donovan McNabb.

--

sam.farmer@latimes.com

--

()

New coaches

Coaches hired for the 2016-17 season and whom they replaced:
TEAM              NEW COACH                OLD COACH
N.Y. Giants      Ben McAdoo             Tom Coughlin
Philadelphia  Doug Pederson               Chip Kelly
San Francisco    Chip Kelly              Jim Tomsula
Tennessee     Mike Mularkey           Ken Whisenhunt
Miami             Adam Gase Joe Philbin/Dan Campbell
Tampa Bay      Dirk Koetter              Lovie Smith
Cleveland       Hue Jackson             Mike Pettine

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pederson  PHOTOGRAPHER: PHOTO: McAdoo  PHOTOGRAPHER: PHOTO:
Koetter  PHOTOGRAPHER: PHOTO: Jackson  PHOTOGRAPHER:

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Infobox; Table

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 28, 2006 Saturday
                            MARTIN-ST. LUCIE EDITION

OWLS HOPE DEFENSE HELPS SPARK OFFENSE

BYLINE: By MARCUS NELSON Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: BOCA RATON


Florida Atlantic's defensive players spent a lot of time this week watching
videos of their most recent game and their game last year with today's opponent,
Arkansas State.

What those players saw were the two best defensive efforts in the history of the
program.

But they weren't happy after watching those games. Both were losses that could
have been wins had the Owls' offense scored a single touchdown.

Last season, FAU and Arkansas State played the first Division I-A game to be
tied at 0 at the end of regulation. The Indians won the game 3-0.

More recently, FAU lost 6-0 last week to Louisiana-Lafayette.

They were two outstanding efforts by the defense and two of the most painful
losses in FAU history.

"It's frustrating for me ... but we don't look at it like our offense didn't
produce but like their defense outplayed our defense," FAU linebacker Cergile
Sincere said.

FAU (2-5, 1-1 Sun Belt) hopes it will be able to stop the Indians and that its
anemic offense will show up against Arkansas State (5-2, 3-0) at 4 p.m. today at
Lockhart Stadium.

"The offense has to do more and not give the ball way," FAU coach Howard
Schnellenberger said. "That's been the key between winning and not winning."

No one would blame the defense for being upset about the Owls' loss last week.
Louisiana-Lafayette came into the game with the most potent rushing attack in
the conference and FAU allowed just two field goals.

"They are very physical, very athletic and they run very well defensively,"
Arkansas State coach Steve Roberts said of FAU.

"I thought they played outstanding football last week defensively."

Before conference play, when FAU was losing by lopsided scores, players called a
team meeting after both the defense and offense struggled against BCS conference
teams.

Now FAU's defense needs some help from its offensive counterpart.

"I think our defense respects our offense because when they scrimmage against
them it's a pretty even match," Schnellenberger said.

Wide receiver Casey McGahee said the offense didn't pull its weight last week,
but is close to performing to its potential and could provide the team with
enough points to win today.

"The defense has been playing great and on offense ... we are just one play
away," McGahee said.

Noteworthy: Center Nick Paris, who sprained his ankle against Southern Utah but
returned to practice this week, is listed as out for today's game. ... An
agreement will allow those over 21 to have alcohol at their tailgate parties at
today's homecoming game.

~marcus_nelson@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  FLORIDA ATLANTIC

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 THOMAS CORDY/Staff Photographer Running back Charles Pierre and the rest of
Florida Atlantic's offense couldn't get much going against Louisiana-Lafayette
on Oct. 18, ending up with no points and a season-low 268 offensive yards.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 19, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Kolb learning to speak Cardinal;
Former Eagle adjusting well

BYLINE: Gary Mihoces, USA TODAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 621 words


The campus of Northern Arizona University is noisy with construction this
summer. Away from the cement trucks, quarterback Kevin Kolb and the Arizona
Cardinals also are laying a foundation.

Minus retired star quarterback Kurt Warner, the Cardinals went 5-11 in 2010.
They cut 2006 first-round pick Matt Leinart before the regular season and
started veteran Derek Anderson and rookies John Skelton and Max Hall.

Kolb, a fifth-year veteran, was acquired in a  trade with  the Philadelphia
Eagles for Pro Bowl cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie. A concussion in last
season's opener cost Kolb  a shot to succeed Donovan McNabb in Philadelphia.
Michael Vick took over, and Kolb never regained the starting role.

Now, he is getting to know a new offense and targets such as former Baltimore
Ravens tight end Todd Heap and superstar wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald.

In Arizona's preseason opening win against the Oakland Raiders, Kolb connected
on  four of seven passes for 68 yards, including a 43-yarder to Fitzgerald. His
next test comes  today at the Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers.

"After the (Oakland) game, we came back for our first practice and I felt
totally comfortable," he says. "Then came the next onslaught of installs and
plays and different packages. So my mind got a little twisted there the first
couple of days. But that's part of the process."

Heap signed as a free agent after 10 seasons with the  Ravens. The Arizona
native welcomes the Flagstaff climate. On a 100-degree day in Phoenix, it's in
the low 80s or high 70s here. But at 7,000 feet, the air is thinner. "When we go
to do the conditioning test ... you can feel the wind sucked out of you," he
says.

Heap also is adjusting to a new offense and Kolb. "Obviously, we're both young
in this offense, and we're both learning quickly," he says. "But to see his
progression in such a short period of time ... he looks like he can be a really
good quarterback in this league."

Fitzgerald, five-time Pro Bowler, knows the offense. He is getting to know Kolb,
and vice versa. Because of his ability to go up and snatch balls, Fitzgerald can
be open when others are not.

"He creates some mismatches that aren't like anywhere else in the NFL," Kolb
says. "If it's one-one-one, he's open, so you have to teach yourself to throw
into those type situations sometimes."

He and Fitzgerald are working on that.

"Every day, I'm going to go out there and show Kevin that he can trust me, he
can rely on me to go make tough catches in tight coverages and that he can use
me as a security blanket, a safety net, so to speak," Fitzgerald says.

Kolb also is adjusting to the new language of Arizona's offense.

"If you speak English and you're trying to speak Spanish, at some point in the
progression you'll start to hear it in Spanish and think of it in Spanish,"
Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt says.

"I think he's made a lot of progress, that he hears it in our terminology and
sees the concept in our terminology."

Kolb expects fluency in all facets of the offense by the regular-season opener.

"Besides the game-planning part of it, we're pretty much done with the core
install of the offense now, and I understand it all," he says.

That includes the lingo.

"I'm thinking Cardinals," Kolb says. "As long as I don't pick up the phone and
talk to anybody with the Eagles and stuff, I'm fine."

---

Cardinals' moves

The trade for Kevin Kolb has garnered the most attention in camp, but the
addition of veterans Todd Heap to the offense and Stewart Bradley to the defense
also could prove significant.

Additions:  Kolb,  Heap, TE Jeff King, G Daryn Colledge,  Bradley, CB Richard
Marshall

Subtractions: CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, WR Steve Breaston, RB Tim
Hightower, QB Derek Anderson

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Kyle Terada, US Presswire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            September 3, 2010 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Shiancoe confident heading into season;
The Vikings tight end believes the offense has enough talent to make up for the
absence of Sidney Rice.

BYLINE: SID HARTMAN; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1070 words


While there has been some concern about how the Vikings offense has performed
during the preseason, one of the important members of the offense, tight end
Visanthe Shiancoe, believes the unit will be the equal of last year's group,
when it was one of the best in the NFL.

As Shiancoe watched from the sidelines Thursday night -- as all the starters did
in the Vikings' 31-24 victory over Denver -- he had to see some reasons why he
believes the offense will be OK this season, because some of the backups who
played against the Broncos performed very well.

Before the game with Denver, Shiancoe said injured wide receiver Sidney Rice
will certainly be missed, but he believes the Vikings have enough threats to get
by without him.

Among the encouraging performances on Thursday offensively was rookie Joe Webb
putting on a show while completing five of nine passes for 100 yards, including
a 63-yard touchdown throw to veteran receiver Javon Walker, who only recently
joined the Vikings. Young running back Albert Young had 13 carries for 42 yards
and a touchdown.

"The more weapons we have on this offense, the better it is," Shiancoe had said.
"... The defenses can't key in on one guy. We have weapons here. We have Percy
[Harvin], we have me in the middle, we have Bernard [Berrian], Adrian
[Peterson], Toby Gerhart. There's a whole lot of weapons. Even Favre can get a
little move in there, so I mean, we're just a great offense.

"We have the potential to be a great, great, great, great offense. It all
depends on how we approach the work ethic."

Shiancoe said the team has made a lot of progress since it broke training camp.

"Progress, man, it's a whole lot of progress and we're seeing it each and every
day," he said. "It's little adjustments and things of that nature that makes
this offense so complex and so hard to deal with."

One player the team might miss is running back Chester Taylor, a great
third-down back who could catch passes and protect the quarterback. The veteran
left as a free agent for the Chicago Bears.

"Chester is a great player, he's always been a great player," Shiancoe said. "A
big loss -- but at the same time that's a hole that can be filled, that has to
be filled and that's going to be filled."

Big night for Decker

Meanwhile former Gophers receiver Eric Decker, who had many big games at the
Metrodome, led all players with 10 receptions for 114 yards.

Decker is healthy now after being injured last year as a senior and missing some
of Broncos training camp.

"It was fun playing in the Metrodome again," said Decker, who had a big postgame
reunion with some of his old teammates such as Nate Triplett, Logan Payne and
Marcus Sherels, now all on the Vikings.

U income improves

The University of Minnesota earned gross revenue of $17.9 million for the 2009
football season at the new TCF Bank Stadium compared with $10.5 million in 2008
at the Metrodome. Included in that $17.9 million figure is money generated from
non-football events at the stadium.

The Gophers turned a profit of $1.9 million, which is near double what the
Gophers athletic department earned from football during their last season at the
Dome. I've heard that the $1.9 million was a disappointment and that it was
expected earnings would be at least $3 million in the first year of the stadium.

However, when the Legislature refused to permit the school to sell alcohol in
preferred seating, it likely deprived the university of another $1 million in
profit.

Jottings

-The word is that the Twins will earn $20 million in corporate income this year
compared with no more than $10 million when they played at the Metrodome,
another reason the team can spend more acquiring top players.

-In order to make the Vikings roster for the regular season, former Gophers wide
receiver Payne will have to impress on special teams. Asked how Payne has
performed this preseason, Vikings special teams coach Brian Murphy said: "He's
done a great job, he's made a great account for himself. It's going to come down
to where he fits offensively, but he's done a nice job in the special teams."
Apparently the same is true for linebacker Triplett, a fifth-round draft pick.
"He's not a starter on the coverage teams, but we could certainly make room for
him if the situation presents itself," Murphy said.

-Some time ago I asked one of the members of the Cretin-Derham Hall football
coaching staff if Seantrel Henderson was the best player the current staff had
coached. I was surprised when I was told that tackle Ryan Harris was ranked
better than Henderson in high school. Harris went on to star at Notre Dame and
was here Thursday night with the Broncos to face the Vikings. As for Henderson,
he has been running with the first team as a freshman at Miami (Fla.). The Ohio
State team that faced secondary NCAA violations in its recruitment of Henderson
will entertain Henderson and the Hurricanes on Sept. 11 in Columbus.

-Ryan Wittman, the former Eden Prairie High School standout who was Ivy League
Player of the Year at Cornell and led the Big Red to the NCAA Sweet 16 in March,
has signed to play in Forli, Italy. Wittman, the son of former Timberwolves
coach Randy Wittman, played with two NBA teams in summer league play but was not
signed.

-Speculation in hockey circles is that Wild minority owner Phil Falcone has an
option to buy out Craig Leipold if Falcone desires. ... Incidentally, even the
Wild is having trouble selling tickets, and the team's sellout streak at Xcel
Energy Center is in danger. The team is selling ticket packages of 10 and 20
games for the first time.

-Big Ten officials reportedly believe the conference can get as much as $20
million for television rights for the Big Ten football championship game. ...
The new 2011 Gophers schedule finds them playing host to Nebraska on Oct. 22.

-Rivals.com recently released a revised list of the top 150 basketball recruits
in the 2011 class, and a number of players that the Gophers are targeting made
the list. Naadir Tharpe, a 5-11 point guard from New Hampshire who has had an
official visit with the Gophers and has been offered a scholarship, is listed at
No. 91. Hopkins standout Joe Coleman is listed as a three-star recruit at 116.
Josh Oglesby, a 6-5 guard from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, is ranked 118th. And Andre
Hollins, a 6-2 guard from Memphis, is ranked 126th.

Sid Hartman can be heard weekdays on WCCO AM-830 at 6:40, 7:40 and 8:40 a.m. -
shartman@startribune.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 12, 2008 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

FOOTBALL FRIDAY: THE NFL;
craig's list;
Mark makes his picks:;
Manning Steamroller? Anyone?

BYLINE: MARK CRAIG, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 517 words


While breaking down the NFL heading into Week 2, one pressing question came to
mind: Um, why doesn't the Colts' offense have a cool nickname?

I mean, the Colts and Vikings play Sunday at the Metrodome. The offense with
Tarvaris Jackson at quarterback has a nickname: The Kick-A ... , I mean, West
Coast offense. But the offense with Peyton Manning has no name.

What gives, Colts coach Tony Dungy?

"I think that is part of us being in Indianapolis and maybe being a little bit
of a small-market team, and that's probably pretty good," said Dungy, a classy
man kind enough to answer a dumb question. "I don't think our guys would want a
name. We just try to stick to what we do and do it, and it hasn't proliferated.
We're a little happy about it that maybe we are the only ones that do what we
do."

Sounds good. Now, on to Week 2 and some nickname suggestions.

IND -2 at MINN: Vikings by 3.

Brad Childress becomes "Ticey" in hopes of one day channeling his predecessor's
3-1 record at Lambeau Field.

OAK +3 1/2 at KC: Chiefs by 7.

Al Davis becomes "Goofy Old Coot in Press Box." Wait, that's what he was last
week.

TENN +1 at CIN: Titans by 3.

Vince Young becomes "Boof Young" so his mommy can say, "Honey, they aren't
booing you. They're saying Boooooooooof."

NO pick at WAS: Saints by 7.

Jim Zorn becomes "Timex" in hopes that he remembers that NFL games are only 60
minutes long and that the league permits three timeouts per half.

GB -3 at DET: Packers by 6.

Ted "In Your Face, Minnesota. Whaaaahooooo!" Thompson.

CHI +3 at CAR: Panthers by 7.

John Fox becomes John "Did I honestly Beat the Chargers in San Diego Without
Steve Smith, Who I Suspended for Being a Jerk" Fox.

NYG -8 1/2 at STL: Giants by 10.

Scott "Will Coach For Food" Linehan.

BUF +5 1/2 at JAX: Jaguars by 7.

Jaguars assistant Mike Tice becomes Dr. Tice, Professor of Lambeauology.

ATL +7 at TB: Buccaneers by 10.

Matt "Can I Play the Lions Again?" Ryan.

SF +7 at SEA: Seahawks by 10.

Mike Nolan becomes Mike "Did I Honestly Just Give Alex Smith $31 Million
Guaranteed Over Four Years and Now I'll Probably Cut Him Before 2009 ... if I'm
Still Here?" Nolan.

MIA +6 1/2 at ARI: Cardinals by 3.

The Cardinals become the Future NFC West Champion Cardinals. Hey, someone has to
win it.

SD -1 1/2 at DEN: Broncos by 3.

Broncos rookie receiver Eddie Royal becomes Eddie "The Second Round Draft Pick
That Maybe Al Davis Should Have Picked Instead of Throwing His Money Away in
Free Agency" Royal.

PIT -6 at CLE: Steelers by 10.

Romeo Crennel becomes "Clueless Coach on Sidelines." Wait, that's what he was
last week.

BAL +4 1/2 at HOU: Texans by 6.

Baltimore becomes the Colts and Houston becomes the Oilers. Sorry, old guy
flashback.

PHI +7 at DAL: Cowboys by 3.

Jerry Jones becomes Jerry "Hot Dog, Can You Believe There Are Suckers, er, Fans
Who Will Pay $150,000 For A Personal Seat License In My New Stadium!" Jones.

UPSET SPECIAL

NE +1  1/2 at NYJ: Patriots by 3.

CBS becomes CB-SONOFA ... ! as Brady-Favre becomes Favre-Who?

Last week: Dolphins 17, Jets 14. Result: Jets 20, Dolphins 14. Season: 0-1.

SEASON TRACKER

Last week

8-7 / 8-7 vs. spread

Season record

8-7 / 8-7 vs. spread

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                            July 28, 2004 Wednesday

Bank thief must provide sample to DNA database

BYLINE: David Ziemer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 592 words


Bank larceny, in violation of 18 U.S.C. 2113(b) and 2, is a qualifying federal
offense requiring collection of the defendant's DNA under the DNA Act, the
Seventh Circuit held on July 22.

Michael Henderson was charged with two counts in Wisconsin federal court after
stealing approximately $13,000 from his employer, Firstar Bank. He pleaded
guilty to one count of bank larceny, and received probation.

One day prior to sentencing, he filed a motion to enjoin the U.S. Probation
Office from obtaining a DNA sample as a condition of probation pursuant to the
DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (DNA Act). U.S. District Judge
Rudolph T. Randa granted the motion, and the government appealed.

The Seventh Circuit reversed in a decision by Judge William J. Bauer.

The Statute, 42 U.S.C. 14135a(d)(1)(E), provides, in relevant part, "(1) The
offenses that shall be treated for the purposes of this section as qualifying
Federal offenses are the following offenses under Title 18, United States Code,
as determined by the Attorney General: ... (E) An offense involving robbery or
burglary (as described in chapter 103 of such title, sections 2111 through 2114,
2116, and 2118 though 2119)."

Henderson argued that only robbery and burglary offenses included in the
designated sections of chapter 103 could be included within this language.

The government argued that Congress used the descriptive title of chapter 103,
"Robbery and Burglary," as a "global phrase designed to generally cover the
entire chapter, thereby covering a broad range of conduct under several
statutes." Because Chapter 103 includes theft offenses, the government argued
that larceny is a qualifying offense.

The court determined that both interpretations are reasonable, and therefore,
the language is ambiguous. The court determined it must give deference to the
U.S. attorney general's interpretation, as set forth in 28 C.F.R. 28.2(a),
pursuant to Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. National Resource Defense Council, Inc., 467
U.S. 837 (1984).

Chevron holds, "a court may not substitute its own construction of a statutory
provision for a reasonable interpretation made by the administrator of an
agency." Chevron, 467 U.S. at 844. An agency's construction must be given
controlling weight unless it is manifestly contrary to the statute.

The court concluded, "because Congress expressly delegated interpretative
authority to the Attorney General, and the Attorney General's interpretation has
been expressed through the Administrative Procedure Act rule-making process, the
Attorney General's construction of the statute is entitled to substantial
deference and must be sustained if reasonable."

In 28 C.F.R. 28.2, the attorney general defined subsec. (d)(1)(E) to include
"any offense under section 2113 of Title 18" as a qualifying offense. Because
the interpretation does not contradict the statute, the court concluded it must
defer to the interpretation.

The court also found the interpretation consistent with the legislative history.
The House Report explains that the attorney general was given authority to
elucidate the list of covered offenses because some of the descriptive language
used by Congress uses terms that are not used in the Code to define an offense.

Accordingly, the court reversed the district court's order enjoining collection
of Henderson's DNA.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 18, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Colts rookie faces domestic abuse charge

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 6G

LENGTH: 291 words


Colts defensive back Steve Muhammad, who's accused of beating his pregnant wife,
will face domestic battery charges in Indianapolis that could result in 1 1/2
years in prison if convicted.

Prosecutor Scott Newman said Wednesday he does not intend to drop the three
misdemeanor charges against the rookie defensive back. Muhammad was arrested
Oct. 28 and is free on $ 30,000 bond. He is scheduled for a hearing Dec. 21.

Muhammad's wife, Nichole, went into premature labor and died Nov. 7 of injuries
attributed to a car accident. The coroner last week cleared Muhammad in his
wife's death.

Nichole Muhammad, who was five months' pregnant, gave birth to a stillborn
child. She had reported her husband twisted her right wrist behind her back,
pushed her against a wall and threw her to the floor during an argument.

Briefly . . .

Panthers receiver Rae Carruth has delayed talking to police in Charlotte while
his attorney gets more information about a shooting that left his pregnant
girlfriend wounded. . . . Rams free safety Keith Lyle, who has made 73
consecutive starts, could be out as long as a month with a bruised nerve in his
neck and shoulder. . . . Browns offensive tackle Lomas Brown will miss one game
with a sprained right knee. . . . Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino was involved
in a minor car accident in Cooper City, Fla., on his way to practice, and two
people in the other car went to the hospital complaining of neck pain. . . .
Running back Lawrence Phillips, suspended for detrimental conduct, said he still
hopess to play for the 49ers again. . . . Brandi Favre and Rhonda Doyle Favre,
the sister and sister-in-law of Packers quarterback Brett Favre, were charged
with felony shoplifting in Biloxi, Miss.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                               May 3, 2015 Sunday

49ers fortify offense on Day 3

BYLINE: By wire services

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 590 words


After addressing defense during the first two days of the NFL draft, the San
Francisco 49ers turned to offense Saturday.

The 49ers used six of their seven picks on the draft's final day on offensive
players, including each of their three selections in the fourth round.

In a span of 45 minutes, San Francisco added Oklahoma tight end Blake Bell with
the 117th overall pick, South Carolina running back Mike Davis at No. 126
overall and Georgia Tech wide receiver DeAndre Smelter six picks later.

After making Clemson punter Bradley Pinion the first kicking specialist selected
in this year's draft in the fifth round, the 49ers went back to offense for
their final three picks.

All six offensive players fit the mold of power and size the 49ers are looking
for after losing three mainstay starters in free agency from an offense that
ranked fourth in the NFL in rushing last year but just 20th overall.

"It was all about best player available," 49ers general manager Trent Baalke
said. "We went into this draft looking at certain criteria that we felt we
needed to do. We wanted to stay big. We wanted to get faster. We wanted to get
as much football intellect as we could at each position. We felt we addressed
all that. We feel real good about this group of guys, for sure."

Particularly Bell, who earned the nickname "Bell-dozer" while in college thanks
to his brawny style with the football in his hands.

"It goes back to OU," Bell said. "The fans kind of gave it to me and it stuck,
and that was it through my whole career. That's what they called me and it
works."

It worked for Bell while playing quarterback, where he scored 24 rushing
touchdowns as a redshirt freshman and sophomore, often entering the game in
goal-line and short-yardage situations.

Raiders fill more holes >> After targeting two of their biggest needs on the
first two days of the NFL draft, the Oakland Raiders looked to fill a hole on
their offensive line on the final day.

The Raiders drafted Miami guard Jon Feliciano in the fourth round after trading
down twice to acquire three extra picks.

Oakland later added two linebackers in the fifth round in Kansas' Ben Heeney and
Florida's Neiron Ball. The Raiders then took Virginia defensive end Max Valles
in the sixth round, and Tennessee State tackle Anthony Morris, Florida return
specialist Andre Debose and Kansas cornerback Dexter McDonald in round seven.

The Raiders took Feliciano 128th overall with hopes he can compete for the
starting right guard spot. General manager Reggie McKenzie traded down twice
before making the selection, adding a fifth- and seventh-round pick from
Carolina in the first trade and a seventh-rounder from Tampa Bay in the second
deal.

Oakland moved last year's starter Austin Howard to right tackle to compete with
2013 second-rounder Menelik Watson for the starting spot. That left converted
tackles Khalif Barnes and Matt McCants as the top two options at guard leading
into the draft as offensive line coach Mike Tice said the race on the right side
is "wide open."

"That's all you want coming in is an opportunity to compete and get better,"
Feliciano said. "We have that there at the Raiders and I know everyone is going
to go in there and compete and try to get better and that's going to be
awesome."

Feliciano was an All-ACC honorable mention pick last season and has experience
playing tackle, guard and center. Feliciano is listed at 6-foot-4, 323 pounds
and is a physical player who fits Oakland's style of play. Feliciano allowed
just four sacks the past three seasons at Miami.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

BYLINE: MATT ZENITZ Landmark News Service

SECTION: A; Pg.7

LENGTH: 510  words


In reality, Thursday's game against the Carolina Panthers was a microcosm of
what the summer has been like for the Ravens' offense.

At times, the offense, even without Anquan Boldin and Dennis Pitta, has been
crisp, explosive and potent, as it was on its first drive against Carolina.

But for large portions of the summer, the offense looked as it did for most of
Thursday - out of sync and devoid of any reliable weapons in the passing game
beyond Torrey Smith.

Even without Boldin and Pitta, the Ravens still have plenty of weapons.

They have Joe Flacco, Ray Rice, Smith, a promising young running back in Bernard
Pierce, an offensive line that the team seems optimistic about and a weapon at
tight end in Ed Dickson when he gets healthy.

But Baltimore's season-opener against the Denver Broncos is less than two weeks
away and the problems that have plagued the Ravens' offense throughout the
summer flared up once again Thursday night. That was likely the final work
Baltimore's offensive starters will get in a game-like conditions before that
season-opener against the Broncos.

"We have a lot of things to work on," Ravens running back Ray Rice said, later
adding, "Obviously, we got things going on that first drive (Thursday). We
proved that we can move the ball down the field. We just can't make costly
turnovers. We are going to get that stuff corrected. I'm glad we are able to
make our mistakes now and get them corrected for later."

This is, after all, what the preseason is for: Getting all the kinks out before
the regular season.

And it's not like the Ravens are the only team struggling offensively at this
point.

Look at the New England Patriots' offense. Against the Detroit Lions Thursday,
New England's first-team offense was on the field for nine possessions, and the
Patriots had more turnovers (four) than points (three) by the time they subbed
in their second-team offense to begin the second half.

That's not to say the struggles of Baltimore's offense this summer should be
written off.

There still isn't a clear starting-caliber receiver on the team aside from
Smith. And whether it's been because of a lack of capable pass-catcher besides
Smith or not, Flacco's play has been underwhelming during the preseason. He's
thrown just three touchdowns to go along with four interceptions.

Through the first half Thursday, he'd completed 13 of his 19 passes, but he
didn't have a touchdown and had thrown two interceptions, including one that was
returned 71 yards for a touchdown.

But it's not just Flacco. The offensive line struggled on Thursday night and
gave up eight tackles for losses and three sacks. The production of the running
game has been below average during the preseason.

Prior to scoring on its last two possessions on Thursday, Baltimore's first-team
offense had scored on just two of its first 12 possessions to begin the
preseason.Yes, it's still the preseason. And yes, the Ravens looks to have the
talent to turn things around come the regular season. But at this point,
Baltimore's offense remains very much a work in progress.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco prepares to throw a pass during
the first half of a preseason NFL football game against the Carolina Panthers in
Baltimore, Thursday, Aug. 22, 2013. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)
Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco prepares to throw a pass during the
first half of a preseason NFL football game against the Carolina Panthers in
Baltimore, Thursday, Aug. 22, 2013. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              June 8, 2010 Tuesday

Report faults Baltimore's jailing policies

BYLINE: Steve Lash

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 794  words


To end Baltimore's distinction as the nation's most active jailer, the city's
police, courts and social service agencies should revamp their approach toward
those accused of nonviolent crimes to emphasize treatment rather than
incarceration, a Washington, D.C.-based advocacy group stated in a report
released Tuesday.

The Justice Policy Institute placed much of the blame for Baltimore's high
incarceration rate on a police force too ready to arrest and jail non-violent
offenders, judges requiring bail in too many cases, a jail system providing
insufficient social services to those being released and a probation system that
jails individuals for minor probation violations.

"All of the criminal justice agencies operating in Baltimore contribute to this
problem, and all of them can play a part in the solution," JPI stated in its
72-page report. "Continuing to promote policies that incarcerate people with
non-violent offenses and who are classified as low risk crowds the jail and has
a negative impact on individuals, families and communities. "

Baltimore, with a jail population at 4,010 in 2008, had the highest percentage
of its residents - 0.629 percent - in jail among the 20 largest urban jail
systems in the United States, according to JPI.

In addition, 90 percent of individuals jailed in Baltimore had not been
convicted of a crime but were awaiting trial, the institute stated. The national
average is 67 percent, added JPI, which advocates for alternatives to
incarceration.

To reduce the city's jail population without harming public safety, JPI
recommended that Baltimore police follow New York City's lead and hand out
citations with a court date rather than arrest people for many non-violent
offenses. These offenses include driving on a suspended license, shoplifting,
violating park rules, trespassing, disorderly conduct, alcohol-related offenses
and marijuana position, the institute said.

In addition, courts should more carefully screen individuals charged with crimes
and be more willing to release on their own recognizance individuals accused of
non-violent offenses, JPI stated. Requiring the posting of bond in non-violent
cases has had a disparate impact on indigent defendants, the institute added.

"As money bail discriminates against people with fewer resources and contributes
to less people being released despite being low-risk to public safety, examining
alternatives to money bail could result in more effective practices that reduce
both failure to appear rates and the number of people held in the jail on low
bond amounts," JPI stated in its report, "Baltimore Behind Bars: How to Reduce
the Jail Population, Save Money and Improve Public Safety. "

Citing city statistics, JPI stated that 27 percent of people in Baltimore jails
are classified as requiring low security and thus could be released from jail,
with appropriate supervision, without presenting a threat to public safety.

Using figures supplied by the state Department of Budget and Management for
fiscal year 2011, the report says community-based pretrial release services will
cost about $2.50 per suspect per day, compared with $100 per day for those
confined in the Baltimore City Detention Center and $159 per day for those at
the Central Booking and Intake Facility.

The institute also recommended that the city's jails create an office dedicated
to helping people while they are incarcerated and as they prepare to re-enter
the community. The assistance should include help in finding housing, employment
and drug and mental health treatment to prevent recidivism, JPI stated.

"As around half of the people leaving the Baltimore jail may have a substance
abuse problem it seems prudent that treatment be made available to help ensure
better outcomes," JPI stated. "While treatment in the community is shown to be
more effective than treatment in jails, providing appropriate treatment
opportunities for people while they are incarcerated can make a difference. "

Sheryl Goldstein, director of Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake's office
on criminal justice, said the city has already implemented many of the report's
recommendations.

For example, the city has established diversionary drug treatment programs for
juveniles at risk, Goldstein said. In addition, the number of arrests has
dropped about 12 percent annually since a record high of 108,447 in 2005 to
77,595 last year, as Baltimore City Police Chief Frederick H. Bealefeld III has
focused on arresting violent offenders, she added.

"Everyone in the system has to work together to develop community-based
alternatives for non-violent offenders that help break the cycle of crime and
ensure public safety," Goldstein said. "We'll continue to identify more
opportunities to create more options. "

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

No. 10 AUBURN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 448 words

The Basics

2007 record

9-4, 5-3 SEC (defeated Clemson, 23-20, in overtime in the Chick-fil-A Bowl)

Returning Starters

8 offense, 7 defense

Key Game

vs. Louisiana State, Sept. 20

Player to Watch

Sen'Derrick Marks, junior defensive tackle

Auburn lost three key components from last season's line, forcing Marks to move
from end to tackle. Marks recorded 43 tackles in 2007, the most among returning
linemen, and will look to bolster the team's defense against the run.

Why They're Worth Watching

Over the decade in which Coach Tommy Tuberville has run the show at Auburn, he
has employed 10 coordinators. This season, the Tigers once again will have new
offensive and defensive coordinators, though the former likely will have a more
visible impact this season. Tony Franklin will implement the spread offense he
utilized at Troy, a transition that should go more smoothly once Auburn decides
on a quarterback. Sophomore Kodi Burns led the team to victory in the
Chick-fil-A Bowl last December, and his ability to make plays with his feet as
well as his arm makes him dangerous. Junior Chris Todd spent two seasons at
Texas Tech before transferring and is more familiar with the spread offense.
Todd also is more familiar with Franklin -- he was a quarterback at
Elizabethtown (Ky.) High when Franklin was an offensive consultant for the
school -- and might have an edge in the preseason competition.

Why They're Vulnerable

The spread offense certainly will be entertaining for Auburn fans to watch, just
as soon as Franklin can completely install it. How quickly that will happen is
another matter. Auburn ranked 97th in the nation in total offense last season.
Had the offense been able to keep up even a little with the defense (No. 6 in
the country), Auburn might have been playing for higher stakes during last
year's bowl season. The Tigers have ample talent available. Running backs Ben
Tate and Brad Lester combined to rush for 1,433 yards and 11 touchdowns last
season. Wide receiver Rodgeriqus Smith tallied 52 receptions for 705 yards and
five touchdowns. However, Franklin has said he would prefer the team have 10
reliable options at wide receiver, a mark that will not be reached until some of
the freshmen become familiar with their coordinator's schemes. The offense will
need to  jell quickly before Franklin learns firsthand how unforgiving an SEC
schedule can be.

-- Steve Yanda

Tomorrow

No. 9 Clemson.

Previously

No. 25 Arizona State, No. 24 Alabama, No. 23 California, No. 22 Penn State, No.
21 Wake Forest, No. 20 Wisconsin, No. 19 Tennessee, No. 18 Oregon, No. 17
Illinois, No. 16 Kansas,

No. 15 BYU, No. 14 Virginia Tech, No. 13 South Florida, No. 12 Texas Tech, No.
11 Texas

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 27, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Jets to Add Offense's Missing Link

BYLINE: By TIMOTHY W. SMITH

SECTION: Section B; Page 13; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 909 words


Quarterback Boomer Esiason admires the artistry of the now-injured 49ers
quarterback Steve Young and the seamless way he runs San Francisco's offense --
the same offense that made quarterback Joe Montana a legend.

"You watch a 49ers game," Esiason said. "You watch how many times Steve Young
dinks it to the tight end, throws it to the flat, hits a little slant pattern,
throws a little pivot. Every now and then he'll throw a little hook. Then, all
of a sudden, boom! He'll hit a post pattern."

If Coach Bruce Coslet has his way, Esiason will be weaving the same offensive
tapestry in New York as Young and Montana put together in San Francisco over the
last decade because the Jets now have an offense that is cut from the same cloth
as the 49ers.

The Jets enter their final preseason game, against the Redskins at Robert F
Kennedy Stadium at 8 o'clock tonight, trying to attach one of the last pieces of
that offense: integrating the receivers into a scheme that calls for a generous
amount of running and plenty of short passes to the running backs out of the
backfield.

"It's going to be dink, dink and boom," Esiason said, regarding the way the
offense will work.

A Pattern Develops

After three preseason games the pattern seems to be developing. The two leading
receivers on the team are the tight ends -- Johnny Mitchell, who has 7 catches
for 94 yards, and Fred Baxter, a rookie who has 7 receptions for 48 yards. The
running backs have caught 14 passes and the receivers have caught 9, with the
longest being for only 16 yards.

This type of ball-control offense has been Coslet's grand plan since he took
over as Jets coach in 1990. But, until now, he hasn't had the personnel to run
it properly.

Theoretically, the Jets' offense calls for a quarterback who is able to get rid
of the ball quickly while throwing a lot of high-percentage passes and to do so
without making costly mistakes. A successful quarterback in such a system should
complete 65 percent of his passes.

"If you do that, the idea is that you'll move the ball down the field," Esiason
said. "That's basically what Steve Young has done in the 49ers' scheme. He's
completed 62 to 63 percent of his passes; guys are making plays, he's making
plays. He has more opportunities to make plays because they're completing more
passes."

Actually, Young completed 64 percent of his passes in 1991 and 66 percent in
1992.

The other components for this type of offense are a big, powerful offensive line
that smashes the defense several yards off the line of scrimmage, gives the
running backs open lanes and provides sack-free pass protection; a fullback who
can slam ahead on short-yardage and goal-line situations, and a speedy running
back who can get to the outside and get into the secondary. Both starting backs
should be durable and able to catch the ball out of the backfield.

The Bread and Butter

Finally, the system needs three dependable tight ends. One of the three should
have soft hands and the speed to stretch a defense, another should be a
devastating blocker and the third should be adequate at both receiving and
blocking. And the wide receivers should be able to break tackles after they make
receptions, turning short passes into long gains.

Esiason said the offense comes with a variety of bells and whistles, but the
bread and butter will be the run.

"We do have some of the run-and-shoot principles, but we're not rolling out as
much," he said, adding that the Jets would not often go to four wide receivers
in a run and shoot. "You'll see it with three wide receivers and a tight end.
It's truly a multiple offense."

Coslet came close to making the offense work in 1991 when the team led the
league in rushing for four weeks, finished the season 8-8 and made the playoffs
as a wild card. Coslet said a ball-control offense wasn't successful last season
because the Jets fell behind early in many games and had to play catch-up.

This year, the Jets have added three players Coslet hopes will make the offense
work better. There is Esiason, who is familiar with Coslet's scheme from their
days together in Cincinnati. There is Johnny Johnson, a 6-foot-1-inch, 220-pound
running back who was picked up in a draft-day trade with Phoenix and has size,
speed and the ability to catch the ball. And there is tight end James Thornton,
an unrestricted free agent from Chicago who is noted as a punishing blocker.
Mitchell, last year's first-round pick, looks as if he's developing into a
top-notch downfield receiver.

Esiason thinks the Jets have the talent in their system to do what the Bengals
did in the 1988 season. That year, they led the National Football League in
total offense. On the ground, fullback Ickey Woods rushed for 1,066 yards, and
running back James Brooks added 931 more. In the air, Eddie Brown had 53
receptions for 1,239 yards, Tim McGee had 36 receptions for 686 yards and tight
end Rodney Holman had 39 receptions for 527 yards.

The Realm of Possibility

Esiason completed 223 of 388 attempts for 3,572 yards and 28 touchdowns that
season, but he doesn't plan on passing that much in the Jets' scheme.

"I don't foresee myself throwing 40 times a game in this offense," he said. "I
do see myself getting between 28 and 32, which is not a bad number of attempts.
The reason those attempts will be so low is because we'd like to have two
1,000-yard rushers. That's not out of the realm of possibility."

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Boomer Esiason (Steve Berman for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 10, 2005 Monday

Offense still hasn't lived up to potential

BYLINE: Gene Frenette

SECTION: Gene Frenette; Pg. C-10

LENGTH: 518 words


After last week's pitiful showing against the Denver Broncos, with questions
about a pedestrian offense the primary source of angst among Jaguars fans, the
timing for a breakout game was perfect.

Nothing was more important than knocking off the previously unbeaten Cincinnati
Bengals on prime-time television. The last thing the Jacksonville Jaguars needed
was to fall below .500, which would only cast further doubt on their playoff
aspirations and when this franchise might finally turn the corner.

Not only did Sunday night's 23-20 conquest of the Bengals at Alltel Stadium get
this team back on course, it showed that this inconsistent offense does have
big-time capability.

If only they could stop this maddening habit of leaving too many points on the
field. Even when the Jaguars' offense demonstrates balance, as it did against
the Bengals behind resurgent tailback Fred Taylor, it can't seem to go the
distance.

When the Jaguars are getting touchdowns from people like Ernest Wilford and
tight end George Wrighster it bodes well.

But for whatever reason, the Jaguars can't seem to take full advantage of all
their scoring opportunities.

Not that the Jaguars should be expected to be as lethal as the Indianapolis
Colts, but there's no excuse for this offense to waste this many chances.

The output against the Bengals should have easily been 10-plus more points.

How much adjustment time to new offensive coordinator Carl Smith's scheme is
necessary before we finally see signs of an explosion? All the elements were
there to break a three-year drought without a 30-point game, but the Jaguars
find ways to stall at important moments.

Matt Jones, a quarterback-turned-receiver who created a national buzz when
drafted in the first round, still hasn't delivered. He had two critical
third-down drops that killed drives, both of which could have put the game away.

Byron Leftwich had another one of those good-news, bad-news performances. He had
two touchdown passes, but also misfired on some critical throws and was the
victim of an inexcusable third-down drop from Jimmy Smith.

Again, nothing was more important than securing a badly needed victory, even if
it took a fumble by Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer in the last two minutes to
allow 66,137 spectators to finally exhale.

It's just that the Jaguars too often make winning so much harder than it needs
to be. And it's largely because this offense still hasn't found a way to
completely click.

For the first time this season, Fred Taylor looked more like a potent running
back than an east-west dancer. He pushed defenders back and made them miss. He
ran for 132 yards against the Bengals and averaged 5.5 yards per carry, compared
to the measly 3.3 he had entering the game.

The Jaguars scored touchdowns on their opening possessions of the first and
second half. They led 20-7 and had all the momentum, but the prosperity rarely
lasts very long.

Somehow, this offense has to find that extra gear.

When it finally puts it all together, then, and only then, will Jacksonville be
an NFL force to be reckoned with.

gene.frenette@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4540

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: None

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             August 7, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

OFFENSIVE PLAN GETS AIRING OUT

BYLINE: By JEFF DARLINGTON Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: DAVIE


It only took him two words. Miami Dolphins quarterback Gus Frerotte needed
nothing more to explain what he likes most about his team's new offense and
fresh passing approach.

"Going deep," he said. Deep passes. Risky passes. Bold passes. Sound familiar?
Probably not. Unlike Miami's previous offense, which emphasized a conservative
approach last season, Frerotte said fans should expect something far more
exciting from offensive coordinator Scott Linehan when he unveils the Dolphins'
new system.

"Think back to when Dan Marino was in his prime and throwing the ball," said
Frerotte, who also played for Linehan while in Minnesota for two seasons.
"That's what this offense does. I'm not saying it's going to be every play, but
we're going to take advantage of situations.

"We're going to be unconventional."

For some, that's all they need to hear. If it's different, it's better. But
Linehan's offense won't simply succeed just because it isn't the same as the
previous system. That's why Monday, when the team unveils its new ways in an
exhibition game against the Chicago Bears, plenty of attention will be fixated
in Linehan's direction. That's also part of the reason coach Nick Saban isn't
placing much importance on who takes the first snap at quarterback. At this
point, it's not about who works the offense - it's about how the offense works.

"We don't want them to focus on the expectation (of starting)," Saban said. "We
want to focus on what they need to do to learn the offense and do the best
possible job they can to execute the offense."

Reason being, while the offense might not be extremely technical in language, it
still offers a bundle of different formations and options for the personnel to
master. And although Linehan's offense in Minnesota last season ranked second in
passing the NFL, he was working with weapons like wide receiver Randy Moss and
quarterback Daunte Culpepper.

Can Miami still succeed in the system without the same star power? From
everything Miami linebacker Zach Thomas has seen, he doesn't expect any setbacks
based on differences in skill level. Thomas said it has become quite clear
during practices that the new staff is making sure the system appropriately fits
the personnel.

"I just know that they do a lot of different wrinkles," Thomas said. "I don't
know if it's a little of everything with the coaching to the players that they
have and the scheme. It has really fit into what their strengths are."

Miami wide receiver Chris Chambers also said he remains ready to prove he too
can succeed in the system. The schemes, he said, are designed to offer big
opportunities. That's something that has been missing in Miami.

"We really didn't have a concept last year or no type of identity all year,"
Chambers said. "I think that we are building identity already as you can see out
there. It makes it a lot easier."

That's not to say it's not tiring. Chambers said he constantly finds himself
preparing for long sprints downfield during team scrimmages.

"It's like a 50-yard sprint," Chambers said. "The quarterbacks are letting it
go. You are getting an opportunity to make plays in practice. You know that they
are going to throw the ball on one-on-one coverage's on the sideline. It's fun,
but it's a lot of work."

On Monday, because starters like Chambers likely won't see much action, the
system's success against Chicago isn't high on the team's list of priorities.
Design and execution, however, take a high priority. Regardless of who plays
quarterback or wide receiver, expect to see offensive players spread from one
sideline to the other. Expect to see more checks and audibles at the line of
scrimmage. And, of course, expect to see deeper, more calculated passes.

"I like the fact that we are spreading the field," Feeley said. "We're using
different formations. We're putting extra receivers in the game, widening them
out and taking shots down the field.

"We're not putting ourselves in a situation where we are trying to run to a
fence when it's not there. That's what I like. It's a lot of efficiency and it's
a lot of rhyme and reason to what we are doing."

jeff_darlington@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 STEVE MITCHELL/The Associated Press Quarterbacks (from left) A.J. Feeley, Sage
Rosenfels and Gus Frerotte are excited about the new offense.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

OFFENSE SEEKING TO REGAIN TOP FORM

BYLINE: Ray Fittipaldo, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; STEELERS NOTEBOOK; Pg. C-3

LENGTH: 607 words


In late July, before the Steelers' first training camp practice, quarterback Ben
Roethlisberger outlined the goals for his offense in 2015. Coming off a
record-breaking 2014 season, Roethlisberger believed the offense could be even
better this season.

"We want to be able to put 30 points on the board in every game," Roethlisberger
said.

Of course, that was before injuries decimated the unit in the first half of the
season. Two All-Pros are out of the lineup. One of them, running back Le'Veon
Bell, is officially done for the season. The other, center Maurkice Pouncey,
likely is done as well. Left tackle Kelvin Beachum was lost for the season with
a knee injury, and Roethlisberger missed four games with the most severe injury
of his 12-year career.

DeAngelo Williams, Cody Wallace and Alejandro Villanueva, reserves at the start
of the season, are playing major roles in the offense now, but Roethlisberger
said Tuesday the goals he set before the season remain attainable.

"Don't see why anything has changed, and it shouldn't," Roethlisberger said.

The Steelers scored more than 30 points one time in the first eight games of the
season. They put up 43 in Week 2 against San Francisco.

They have scored 13 and 10 the past two weeks, both losses, and have been held
to 13 or fewer three times. Roethlisberger played a little more than six
quarters in those games. He played into the third quarter of the 12-6 victory in
St. Louis, and he played the entire game Sunday, a 16-10 loss against the
Bengals. Landry Jones started and played the entire game when the Steelers lost
to the Kansas City Chiefs, 23-13.

The Steelers enter their home game Sunday against the Oakland Raiders 22nd in
the league in scoring. They are averaging 21 points per game, as many points per
game as the Jacksonville Jaguars, and fewer than the Washington Redskins,
Houston Texans and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

"We're the type of team, we don't panic," receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey said.
"Guys go down all the time, and the backups do a great job. We're ready to go.
We're prepared just like we're starters. We don't think much about the injuries.
We just go out there and play football."

The Steelers start the second half of their season Sunday, and Roethlisberger is
looking forward to turning the page on the first half of the 2015 season.

Roethlisberger returned for the Steelers' 16-10 loss to Cincinnati after missing
four games with a knee injury. He threw for 262 yards and a touchdown, but he
also threw three interceptions, including one with 5:46 remaining that led to
the Bengals' go-ahead touchdown.

"It's never easy to put a loss behind you, but you have to," Roethlisberger
said. "Especially for a quarterback, you have to have a short memory, good and
bad. It's really easy to do now because we're at the halfway point. Just close
the book and move forward."

Roster move

The Steelers promoted Doran Grant from the practice squad to the active roster
and released receiver Tyler Murphy. Grant, the team's fourth-round pick, was cut
at the end of training camp and signed to the practice squad. Murphy was active
for four games this season. This is the second time he has been released.

Injury update

Receivers Markus Wheaton (knee) and Martavis Bryant (illness), tight end Matt
Spaeth (knee) and linebacker Terence Garvin (knee) did not practice. Defensive
lineman Stephon Tuitt (knee) and safety Will Allen (ankle) were limited
participants. Safety Mike Mitchell (concussion protocol) and quarterback Mike
Vick (hamstring) were full participants.

NEXT

Game: Steelers (4-4) vs. Oakland Raiders (4-3), Heinz Field.

When: 1 p.m. Sunday.

TV: KDKA.

Favored: Steelers by 4.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ray Fittipaldo: rfittipaldo@post-gazette.com and Twitter @rayfitt1.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Matt Freed/Post-Gazette: New Steelers running back Isaiah Pead
carries during practice Wednesday on the South Side.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 19, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

VIKINGS' LINEHAN VISITS DOLPHINS

BYLINE: By JOE SCHAD Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: DAVIE


The Dolphins took another step toward hiring an offensive coordinator when they
welcomed Scott Linehan of the Minnesota Vikings to South Florida on Tuesday.

Linehan, 41, has been Minnesota's offensive coordinator for the past three
seasons.

He became a free agent after the Vikings lost to the Philadelphia Eagles on
Sunday.

The Dolphins' offense ranked 29th in the NFL this season under Chris Foerster.
Under Linehan, the Vikings' offense ranked fourth, behind only Kansas City,
Indianapolis and Green Bay.

Linehan is credited with the development of quarterback Daunte Culpepper, who
trailed only Peyton Manning with a 110.9 rating this season. Linehan is perhaps
the most sought-after coordinator on the market and would be considered a coup
for first-year coach Nick Saban, who takes a relatively hands-off approach to
offense.

The Vikings led the NFL in offense in 2003 and were second in 2002. Linehan
declined a contract extension before last season, in part because of the
uncertainty surrounding coach Mike Tice.

The Dolphins would be willing to dramatically increase Linehan's salary, which
reportedly is $300,000. Linehan, a Washington native who played quarterback at
the University of Idaho, is seeking a long-term contract.

Noteworthy: The Dolphins have added a fourth assistant from LSU. Travis Jones, a
defensive line coach and recruiting coordinator for the Tigers, will join Saban
with the Dolphins. . . . A league source said Saban also has interviewed Browns
linebackers coack George Edwards, who also interviewed with LSU. . . . Former
Dolphins defensive line coach Clarence Brooks interviewed with the Ravens. . .
Players are lining up wanting to play running back for the Dolphins. Reuben
Droughns of the Broncos has told friends that he would like to return to Miami,
where he once was a practice-squad fullback.

joe_schad@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  DOLPHINS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    OCTOBER 23, 2003 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Sluggish AFC North is defining mediocrity

BYLINE: Michael D. Schaffer INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 364 words


The road to mediocrity in the AFC runs roughly north.

Right through Baltimore, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati and Cleveland. Right through
football's historic heartland.

The AFC North is the weakest division in the NFL so far this season, based on
won-lost records.

How weak? The struggling Eagles, with a 3-3 record, would be tied for first
place with the Baltimore Ravens if the Eagles played in the AFC North.

The division has lived up to its reputation for bruising defense. The Steelers
rank first in the AFC (and second in the NFL) in overall defense. Cleveland is
fourth among AFC teams in overall defense, Baltimore fifth and Cincinnati
eighth.

But no team in the AFC North has a complete offense. Those that can throw can't
run, and those that can run can't throw.

The Steelers (2-4) have the third-best passing attack in the AFC, but a rushing
game that ranks 13th in the 16-team conference. The Ravens (3-3) have the best
rushing offense in the AFC and the worst passing offense.

The Browns (3-4) have the worst overall offense in the AFC. They rank 14th in
passing offense and ninth in rushing offense.

Cincinnati ranks last in the AFC in rushing offense, but sixth in passing.

This weekend, the Ravens will try to improve their passing fortunes against the
Broncos at home and the Browns will try to do the same on the road at New
England. Pittsburgh will try to get the running game started at home against a
tough Rams defense, while the Bengals will try to ride Jon Kitna's arm against
the Seahawks at home.

And they'll all breathe easier when the defense goes back on the field.

Streaking. Marty Schottenheimer has endured a few losing streaks in his 18
seasons as an NFL head coach, but none as bad as the one his San Diego Chargers
(1-5) ended with a 26-20 win over the Browns on Sunday. The Bolts had dropped
nine in a row, going back to last season. The rest of their schedule has enough
weak teams to make another long losing streak unlikely, but a defense that is
the second-worst in the AFC seems likely to make this a long season for
Schottenheimer.

Contact staff writer Michael D. Schaffer at 215-854-2537 or
mschaffer@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
TOM UHLMAN, Associated Press
Jamal Lewis of the Ravens is pulled down during Baltimore's 34-26 defeat on
Sunday in Cincinnati. Lewis, who has carried the ball for an AFC-leading 843
yards in six games, is one of the AFC North's few serious threats on offense.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                January 26, 2003 Sunday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Age-old question will be answered tonight

BYLINE: ROGER MILLS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11X

LENGTH: 797 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


This argument is so old, it may have played out on Noah's Ark.

What wins championships, offense or defense?

How do you create a legacy, by running up and down the field like the Rams did
in the late 1990s or by slamming opponents' hopes at the door like the fabled
Steel Curtain of the 1970s?

Who do you remember most, Brett Favre and the Packers in 1996 or the Bears and
Ravens of 1985 and 2000, respectively?

Today, when the Bucs play the Raiders in Super Bowl XXXVII at Qualcomm Stadium,
the debate will hit a crescendo. For the first time, the league's No. 1 defense,
Tampa Bay, will face the league's No. 1 offense.

"The game is going to boil down to more than just the No. 1 offense against the
No. 1 defense," Bucs linebacker Derrick Brooks said. "I think that it is really
critical that we recognize that as players. That's something that we were
talking about during the past (few days). We're not going to get caught up into
that matchup of No. 1 offense against No. 1 defense because the game is much
bigger than that."

Brooks has some statistical proof.

If you believe defense wins championships, then explain why the league's best
defense (defined by the league based on yards per game) has made it to only nine
of 36 Super Bowls? In those nine games, the team with the No. 1 defense is 6-3.
The 1967 Raiders, 1969 Vikings and the 1982 Dolphins all finished No. 1 in
defense but lost in the Super Bowl.

"I believe defense gives you a chance and offense will win it for you," Bucs Pro
Bowl defensive tackle Warren Sapp said. "Eventually, it's going to come down to
the man in your scheme with the skills. They've got a lot of skilled players and
we do too, and it will come down to who makes the fewest mistakes in this ball
game and who can execute the best."

Offensively, the picture is no better. The league's best offense has reached the
Super Bowl 11 times and is 7-4. The potent offenses that made it to the game but
lost included the 1984 Dolphins, the 1985 Bengals, the 1991 Bills and the 2001
Rams. The league-record 48 touchdown passes Miami's Dan Marino threw in 1984
didn't produce a ring.

As spectacular a season as the Rams offense had in 1999, St. Louis did not earn
its championship until linebacker Mike Jones tackled Titans receiver Kevin Dyson
on the 1-yard line as time ran out.

All this means that what a team does successfully during the season may or may
not play a role on Super Bowl Sunday.

"Obviously, the Raiders offense has a lot of power, and it's very fitting that
we're the best at what we do defensively," Brooks said. "They're the best
offense, and there's no way to solve the difference than to play (the game) on
the field. But more importantly, it's a lot of other components that are taken
into the matter and we're going to win as a team come Sunday. We're going to
fight as a team come Sunday."

The Bucs think their one-gap defensive scheme up front, their speedy linebackers
and their Cover 2 philosophy in the secondary can slow down the league's best
offense and, in particular, one of the league's most dangerous receiving trios.

"You get in the receivers' faces and disrupt them any way you can and get
pressure on them," safety John Lynch said. "You vary your looks by showing them
one thing and giving them another. That's tough to do with a guy like (Raiders
quarterback) Rich (Gannon) because he has played for so long and is so
knowledgeable, as are guys like Tim Brown and Jerry Rice.

"That's the beauty of this game, and I think it is certainly a case where the
best two teams have risen to the top and it's going to be a tremendous showcase
of the two best teams in the NFL."

While all the attention has been focused on the Bucs defense and the Raiders
offense, both teams know that Tampa Bay's ability to score on Oakland will have
just as much influence on the outcome.

"It's an interesting matchup because as I watch the Bucs on offense you see an
offense that's efficient, that's multiple, that creates as many formations and
schematic problems," Raiders coach Bill Callahan said. "Knowing (Bucs coach) Jon
(Gruden) and understanding his world and what he's trying to create, there's
going to be a lot of different shifts, motions, formations and personnel
groupings."

Bucs defensive end Simeon Rice said regardless of what past games indicate, No.
1 vs No. 1 is a thing of beauty.

"I like that. It sounds good. It sounds real good," Rice said. "It is going to
be a game of epic proportion. There is no hiding the truth. The two best of the
best. It's going to be a war of attrition, through and through. They know us, we
know them. I think they are the antithesis of what we are. (The Raiders) are
bizarro Bucs. (The Bucs) are the bizarro world of the Raiders. So, it's all
good."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: SUPER BOWL XXXVII: BUCS VS. RAIDERS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Getty Images - JED JACOBSOHN; Jerry Rice in game action.

TYPE: SPECIAL SECTION

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           October 23, 2010 Saturday

Both UW, BYU in dire need of a win today

BYLINE: Robert Gagliardi

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 913 words


the cougars and cowboys are struggling on offense, and at 2-5, need to win four
of their last five to become bowl eligible.

By Robert Gagliardi

rgagliardi@wyosports.net

LARAMIE - It's a game between two teams struggling on offense. And it's one that
both squads need a win.

Those are the biggest story lines today when the University of Wyoming takes on
host Brigham Young at noon today in LaVell Edwards Stadium at Provo, Utah.

Both teams are 2-5 and need to win four of their last five to become bowl
eligible.

And in this one, the first team to score might win.

BYU is 115th out of 120 Football Bowl Subdivision teams in scoring offense (14.7
points per game), while UW is 119th (11.6).

Perhaps both teams' defensive struggles will open things up for the offenses. UW
is last in total offense (232.4 yards per game), but BYU gives up more than 400
yards of per game.

UW's offensive woes have centered on lack of execution. The Cowboys have gone
from a spread offense to

more of a power-run game a couple of games ago, and they now have implemented
multiple formations, including the spread and pistol and even the veer.

Still, they have not scored more than two touchdowns against the six FBS teams
they faced this season, and have been shut out or scored in single-digits four
times.

Scoring has been even tougher against BYU in recent years as UW has lost the
last two games by a combined score of 96-0, including a 52-0 home loss last
season.

"BYU is always a big, physical team and is well coached," said sophomore
quarterback Austyn Carta-Samuels.

In his first game against the Cougars last season, he was 14 of 23 for 108 yards
and an interception.

"We're far away from where we need to be (offensively)," Carta-Samuels added.
"But we're steadily improving and hopefully we can accelerate the pace."

BYU lost some key defensive players who were seniors, especially along the
defensive line. But this season the defense has been hit hard by injuries.

The Cougars used the same starting lineup on defense in consecutive games last
week against No. 4 TCU for the first time this season. Thirteen players have
started their first career games on defense.

Offensively, BYU has been hard-pressed to replace talented players like
quarterback Max Hall, running back Harvey Unga and tight ends Dennis Pitta and
Andrew George.

True freshman Jake Heaps will start his fourth game at quarterback. He was one
of the most highly touted recruits in the nation, but he has thrown one
touchdown and six interceptions.

"He's young and inexperienced, but at the same time he's a good quarterback," UW
junior defensive end Josh Biezuns said. "As a defensive line, if we put pressure
on him, that's going to force him into making some bad throws and some bad
decisions."

UW has lost to five teams that were ranked in the top 25 at some point, and four
in the top 10. BYU has faced a similar schedule with four games - all losses -
against ranked teams.

Heaps says BYU has found its identity offensively, and that is something BYU is
not known for - its running game.

Juniors J.J. Di Luigi and Bryan Kariya, and true freshman Joshua Quezada have
combined for 875 yards and seven touchdowns. And BYU has an offensive line that
averages 314 pounds, 54 pounds bigger than the average of UW's defensive line.

Then there's the rivalry and historical aspects of this game.

This will be the 77th meeting between the two teams, the third-longest series in
UW history. It may be the last for a while as BYU leaves the Mountain West
Conference next season to become independent in football.

UW has lost six straight to BYU, 15 of the last 17 and eight straight at BYU
dating back to 1987. Many UW fans consider BYU to be its biggest rival,
especially those on the western side of the state.

But to those at UW now, those things aren't entering their minds.

"The rivalry adds a little more to it, but we're in similar situations and both
are looking for a win," senior free safety Chris Prosinski said.

"As far as them leaving the conference, we're going to be motivated if they were
leaving the conference or not. We just got to come out and do what we can."

Ogbonna out

Junior receiver Mazi Ogbonna will miss today's game due to an injury.

UW released its latest injury report at 3 p.m. Friday, and Ogbonna was the only
additional player on the list. True freshman defensive lineman Tyler Strong was
on the list Monday, and also missed last week's game against No. 9 Utah.

UW does not list specific injuries, nor does coach Dave Christensen talk about
specific injuries to players.

Ogbonna has played in all seven games this season after transferring from Snow
College in Utah. He started the first three games. He's caught nine passes for
92 yards and a touchdown, and is the fourth-leading rusher on the team with five
carries for 22 yards.

Expect senior Travis Burkhalter and juniors Jonathan Aiken and DeJay Lester to
see more playing time at receiver against BYU. And, true freshman running
back/receiver Robert Herron is back this week after missing the Utah game due to
injury.

Extra points

Senior linebacker Keith Lewis will wear jersey No. 12 in honor of freshman
linebacker Ruben Narcisse, who died Sept. 6 in an automobile accident. . This
will be UW's second regular-season game on natural grass. . UW has committed the
fewest penalties in the MWC (29) and BYU has the fewest penalty yards (245). .
UW sophomore strong safety Shamiel Gary and BYU senior safety Andrew Rich are
tied for the MWC lead with 10.3 tackles per game.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     April 7, 1999, Wednesday Home Edition

LAW AND ORDER ;
 Two sentenced for Medicaid fraud

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 792 words

A Fayette County couple who defrauded Medicaid out of $ 500,000 have been
sentenced to 10 years in prison.

Robert House, 31, and Delores Harrell-House, 32, were convicted on charges of
theft by taking, medical assistance fraud and conspiracy to defraud the state.

Judge Andrew Whalen also fined both of them $ 10,000 and ordered them to pay a
civil penalty of $ 1.13 million. The Georgia attorney general's office said the
state would seize the couple's assets but might not obtain the full amount.

The Houses operated an after-school program, Family Connection Counseling
Services, in south Fulton County. Prosecutors from the state Health Care Fraud
Control Unit alleged the Houses billed Medicaid $ 2.21 million in 1994 and 1995
for psychotherapy services to children that were never delivered.

At sentencing, lead prosecutor Scott Smeal said the state's loss was about $
500,000.

The Houses' lawyer, Paul Liston, said his clients did make a lot of money but
had a lot of expenses. He said the couple was misled by the psychiatrists they
hired. Prosecutors said the psychiatrists will not be charged. Liston said his
clients will appeal.


GWINNETT COUNTY
Lawrenceville teen charged in fatal crash
A Lawrenceville teenager faces felony vehicular homicide charges after a fatal
crash Sunday that police say began as a race with another driver. Jeremy Cole
Shields, 17, also has been charged with reckless driving, police said Tuesday.
Shields can be charged with a felony because his actions helped cause the wreck,
said Sgt. Roger Dewitt, a police accident investigator. The other driver, Joseph
Christopher Shorts, 29, of Mobile, Ala., already was charged with reckless
driving and felony first-degree vehicular homicide in the accident on Ronald
Reagan Parkway, which killed his wife, Debra Shorts, 34. After the accident at
4:33 p.m. Sunday at the Oak Road overpass, Shields sped off from the wreck, said
Dewitt. Shorts, who was driving his parents' red 1998 Chevrolet Corvette east on
Ronald Reagan, told police he was traveling about 75 mph when he lost control
and that he knew the speed limit was 50 mph, records show.


ATLANTA
Second participant in shootout dies
A gun battle Saturday in Atlanta claimed a second victim when the second
shooter, Quintarius Williams, 19, died Tuesday morning at Grady Memorial
Hospital. Williams got into a shootout Saturday with Troy Glover, 29, at 1583
Simpson Road, said Atlanta police homicide Sgt. Scott Bennett. Glover died
Saturday. Bennett said the shooting was over drug turf. No one else was injured,
Bennett said.

FULTON COUNTY
Serial rapist indicted in '93 Roswell assault
A grand jury Tuesday indicted Athens serial rapist John Scieszka on five charges
from an April 1993 Roswell rape, which police say might have been his first in
Georgia. The indictment says Scieszka should face trial for rape, burglary,
aggravated assault and two counts of aggravated sodomy for breaking into a
woman's apartment and assaulting her at knifepoint. The GBI recently used new
DNA technology to link the attack to Scieszka, 47, who is serving life in prison
without parole. He was convicted in January 1998 of raping five University of
Georgia women in 1995 and 1996. He pleaded guilty in November to attacking three
women at Emory University's Lullwater Park in 1993 and 1994.

FRANKLIN COUNTY
Three men killed in head-on collision
Three South Carolina men died Monday when their car crossed the center line of a
highway and collided head-on with a dump truck, the Georgia State Patrol said.
Franklin County Deputy Coroner Ken Smith said Gary Merriett, 37; Isiah Burton,
49; and Michael Weston, 23, died of multiple fractures and trauma in the wreck
on Ga. 59 in northeast Georgia. An autopsy will be performed on Burton, the
driver, to determine whether there was any medical cause for the accident. The
dump truck's driver, Ronald Floyd, 47, was treated for injuries.

LEE COUNTY
S.C. man set for trial in slaying of couple
A South Carolina man accused of participating in a crime spree that left a Lee
County couple dead will go on trial May 17, a judge said Monday. William Jack
LeMatty could face the death penalty if convicted of the Dec. 1, 1996, shooting
deaths of Timothy and Maria Giles of Leesburg, near Albany. LeMatty, 23, of
Summerville, S.C., faces charges of murder, felony murder, malice murder and
aggravated assault. Authorities said Lematty, Karen Michelle Eckman, 17, and
Jeremy Brown of Dorchester, S.C., were involved in a crime spree that began with
several armed robberies. They were captured in Safford, Ariz., on Dec. 3 after
wrecking the Gileses' pickup truck. Brown, 17, fatally shot himself before
police could arrest him.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   April 10, 1996, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

BASEBALL '96;
NATIONAL LEAGUE;
NOTES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 05F

LENGTH: 368 words


- CINCINNATI: The Reds are satisfied with reliever Johnny Ruffin's explanation
of his arrest early Tuesday on misdemeanor traffic charges in Cincinnati. Ruffin
spent the night at the Hamilton County Justice Center, pleaded innocent at his
arraignment in Municipal Court, and was released after posting $ 50 bond.
Ruffin, 24, was a passenger in a car that was stopped at about 3 a.m. for a
traffic violation, police said. Ruffin was charged with failing to wear a seat
belt, and a computer check revealed he had failed to appear in court last year
on charges of speeding and not having a driver's license. Ruffin said he failed
to appear in court last year because he was sent to the minors that day. "I was
more worried about playing ball than the other thing I had to take care of," he
said. "It's minor, real minor.

-COLORADO: Pitchers Bill Swift and Marvin Freeman and catcher Jayhawk Owens all
made progress in recovering from injuries. Swift (tendinitis in right bicep)
threw 45 pain-free pitches in the bullpen. Freeman (pulled groin) pronounced
himself ready to return to the rotation Friday. Owens (torn ligament in left
thumb) said he doesn't believe he'll require surgery and hopes to return to the
lineup by May 1.

-HOUSTON: Center fielder Derek Bell made an over-the-head catch of Glenallen
Hill's drive in the sixth, saving two runs. Bell raced back and reached up and
made the catch as he got to the wall.

-LOS ANGELES: The organization wants to help former center fielder Willie Davis,
arrested last month after threatening his parents. They won't do it with money,
however. Former Dodger pitching star Don Newcombe, the team's director of
community relations, said the club is concerned about Davis' well being. " We
got permission from (owner) Peter O'Malley to do everything we could to help
Willie Davis," Newcombe said. "But if you perceive that a person has some kind
of problem, you can't give him money to enhance the problem."

-NEW YORK: Todd Hundley has reached base in 12 of his last 20 plate appearances,
including five walks, four singles, a double and two homers.

-SAN FRANCISCO: Matt Williams and Shawon Dunston have hit safely in all eight
games this season.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            November 11, 2005 Friday

Spread the praise for UF offense

BYLINE: Michael DiRocco

SECTION: ON THE SEC; Pg. C-13

LENGTH: 480 words


There were shovel passes and option plays.

And they worked.

There were reverses and empty backfields.

And they worked, too.

There was a quarterback running for positive yardage, and nearly 50 points.

For the first time all season, Florida's spread-option offense mostly worked the
way it was supposed to for an entire game during the Gators' 49-42
double-overtime victory over Vanderbilt last Saturday night.

"We played really consistent, and obviously we're hitting our stride," senior
center Mike Degory said. "We wish we could have hit our stride in Week 1, but I
think if we are hitting stride, it's better later than never."

Florida coach Urban Meyer's spread-option offense hasn't exactly run smoothly
this season. The offensive line has had trouble in pass protection and run
blocking, the receivers have been injured and inconsistent, and quarterback
Chris Leak has struggled with his reads in the option.

The result is a middle-of-the road Southeastern Conference offense, an average
of 224.6 yards passing and 152.2 rushing. The Gators rank sixth in the SEC in
total offense, two spots behind Vanderbilt.

But last Saturday night, things were much better.

Leak rushed for 67 yards and two touchdowns, 10 different players caught at
least one pass, wide receiver Chad Jackson rushed for a touchdown on a reverse,
and Florida converted 9-of-16 third downs.

"That's funny," Degory said of Leak's rushing total, which factored in a 13-yard
loss on a sack and was the most by a Gators quarterback since Jacksonville's
Terry LeCount gained 108 against Georgia in 1977.

Florida nearly was perfect in the red zone, scoring touchdowns on seven of eight
trips inside the 20-yard line. Leak was sacked just once, and the Gators rushed
for 191 yards.

Oh yeah, Florida also put up 49 points. The Gators needed double overtime to do
it, but still, they nearly hit the 50-point goal.

"The more game reps you get, the better you are going to be," Leak said as an
explanation as to whether Florida finally has started to master the
spread-option offense. "We were just confident in each other that we could go
out there when the game was on the line we could make plays."

But how confident will the Gators be this Saturday at South Carolina?

Wide receiver Dallas Baker (ribs) is out, running back DeShawn Wynn (shoulder)
likely is out, and wide receivers Chad Jackson and Jemalle Cornelius are nursing
hamstring and ankle injuries, respectively.

The Gators have struggled against the SEC's good teams, which have the speed to
disrupt the horizontal-based offense. South Carolina isn't Alabama, but the
Gamecocks do have the SEC's No. 2 pass defense.

There will be shovel passes and option plays.

There will be reverses and empty backfields.

As for whether they will work, Degory believes so. He believes the Gators have
finally caught something after nine weeks.

"We're just playing more consistently," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Orlando Sentinel Florida coach Urban Meyer's spread offense worked well against
Vanderbilt. Associated Press Florida coach Urban Meyer shouts instructions to
his team Saturday. (Georgia Edition, Page C-13)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 13, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

New Offense Puts Duffner on Defensive; Terrapins Have Struggled Without
Run-and-Shoot

David Nakamura, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1386 words


After a pair of shutout losses helped prevent the Maryland football team from
earning a bowl bid last season, Coach Mark Duffner committed himself to an idea
he had entertained since arriving in College Park in December 1991. He decided
to essentially abandon the run-and-shoot offense he had used during most of his
first four seasons at Maryland for a pro-style, two-running back formation.

Although Duffner's Terrapins had used two running backs at times -- especially
in the final three games of last season -- this move was risky. It entailed
having the players learn a new system and using untested players at new
positions. But Maryland's defense had evolved from a young, inexperienced group
into a mature, senior-laden unit.

In previous years, he had recruited promising offensive linemen, and they had
grown to average more than 300 pounds per man and seemed well suited to leading
a run-oriented offense. In addition, Duffner had junior running back Buddy
Rodgers, who had rushed for 718 yards and seven touchdowns last season. He could
only imagine what Rodgers would do with a tight end and a fullback to lead the
way.

"The run-and-shoot gave us the advantage in the early years because it was new.
Teams weren't used to it," Duffner said. "But teams were catching up [by last
season]. Our intention all along was to become a more balanced attack."

Unfortunately for Duffner, the change has not panned out -- and the result,
which Duffner this week called "disappointing," could not have occurred at a
less opportune time for his future at Maryland. The Terrapins have a 4-5 record
(2-4 in the Atlantic Coast Conference). Although they are 22nd in the nation in
total defense, they are 104th among 111 Division I-A teams in total offense. The
Terrapins are tied for 68th in rushing offense, 104th in passing offense and
tied for 85th in scoring offense.

Athletic department sources say that if the Terrapins fail to win their
remaining games -- Thursday at home against Georgia Tech and Nov. 23 against
Florida State in Miami -- Athletic Director Debbie Yow likely will want to buy
out the final guaranteed year of Duffner's $ 132,000 per-year contract and bring
in a new coach. Yow has said it is her policy not to discuss the future of any
coach until after the season.

In hindsight, Duffner's decision to revamp his offense seems ill-timed.
Observers wonder if the run-and-shoot might have continued to work. Last year,
team sources said, the run-and-shoot began sputtering not because opposing
defenses figured it out, but because Duffner flip-flopped starting quarterbacks
and lost two top offensive assistant coaches after a record-setting season in
1993. One unanswered question: Did Duffner make the switch to the
two-running-back offense without having the proper personnel?

Duffner's decision to change his offense might have been put into motion after
the Terrapins were shut out in back-to-back losses to Louisville and Clemson
last season, but its origin came earlier.

When Duffner arrived at Maryland in December 1991, he felt he had to upgrade the
speed and talent of his defenders and the size of his offensive line. That's
where he focused his recruiting efforts.

In 1993, his second season, Duffner started six freshmen on defense. The defense
allowed 49.6 points and an NCAA-record 553 yards per game. During that 2-9
campaign, Duffner knew his team was going to surrender a lot of points, so he
used his speedy wide receivers and his quarterbacks -- first John Kaleo, then
Scott Milanovich -- in a run-and-shoot style. The Terrapins finished fourth in
the nation in total offense in 1992 and 16th in 1993, when they were third in
passing offense.

"We sat down in the spring [of 1992] and said, 'Here's the type of players we
have, what do you want to do?' " said John Shannon, the wide receivers coach
that year who now coaches at Jackson State. Using the run-and-shoot, with its
four wide receivers, one running back and no tight end, "was the plan we came up
with."

After the defensive disaster in 1993, Duffner fired defensive coordinator Larry
Slade and replaced him with Kevin Coyle, who had been with Duffner when he was
compiling a 60-5-1 record in five seasons at Division I-AA Holy Cross.

The hiring of Coyle overshadowed two other moves. Quarterbacks coach Clyde
Christiansen left to become the offensive coordinator at Clemson, and Duffner
fired Shannon -- significant changes considering the two had been architects of
the run-and-shoot.

"They know the offense inside and out," said Russ Weaver, who led the ACC in
receptions in 1993 and expressed concern to Duffner over Shannon's firing. "Guys
really wanted to play for them. They were two of the best coaches I've had in my
entire athletic career. . . . They were both so educated in the run-and-shoot,
and then you lose half your brain trust -- that's going to affect the offense."

According to some players, Duffner fired Shannon because of a power struggle
between Shannon and offensive coordinator Dan Dorazio. Shannon, who learned the
principles of the run-and-shoot offense at the University of Pacific, was one of
the few Maryland assistants who had not been with Duffner at Holy Cross.

"What we do on offense is a group effort," Duffner said. "Dorazio and
[quarterbacks coach Rob] Spence and [running backs coach Dave] Ungerer were all
with me at Holy Cross when we were successful [with the run-and-shoot] up
there."

In any case, Duffner's defense developed rapidly under Coyle. But the offense
regressed. Some former players say the run-and-shoot didn't work simply because
Duffner became less committed to it.

"We tried to diversify, tried to use a tight end in the early part of '94,"
Weaver said. "But if you're going to be a run-and-shoot team, you have to be
dedicated 100 percent. You have to practice it because it's about repetitions
and timing."

In 1994, when the team went 4-7, Duffner may have hampered the offense's timing
as he alternated Milanovich and Kevin Foley at quarterback, often using them on
alternating series.

"You go out there with a desperate feeling," said Foley, who transferred after
the '94 season to Boston University. "Instead of worrying about the team, you're
worried about making a big play and you force the ball downfield instead of
being patient."

"We used to tell him, 'You've got to play one of us,' " Milanovich, now with the
NFL's Tampa Bay Buccaneers, said last week. "We both said that more than once."

In 1995, after quarterback Brian Cummings led the team to a 4-0 start during
Milanovich's four-game suspension for gambling, Duffner made another fateful
change. He gave the starting job back to Milanovich, making good on a preseason
promise to the senior. The Terrapins lost to Georgia Tech, 31-3. After that,
Duffner again began to alternate quarterbacks, and the team was shut out by
Louisville and Clemson.

Duffner used the two-back offense in the final three games of 1995, during which
the team went 1-2 to finish 6-5, the first winning season for Maryland since
1990.

Entering this season Duffner didn't have any quality tight ends or fullbacks.
Defensive players Mario Chavez and Craig Fitzgerald became the starting fullback
and tight end, respectively.

So far, Fitzgerald has two receptions and Chavez has one. More disappointing,
the offensive line has blocked poorly. In Maryland's 35-3 loss to Clemson,
Cummings was sacked eight times although the Terrapins were in a
maximum-protection blocking scheme.

"They're big, but they're not real agile," said John Ricca, who coached two of
the linemen, Darryl Gilliam and Pat Ward, at St. John's High School in the
District. "Other teams have come at them with speed, and they've been beaten."

When asked if his personnel has not proven itself compatible to a pro-style
offense, Duffner said: "Yes. That would be accurate."

After the loss to Clemson, Maryland's players called themselves underachievers.
They will need upsets in their final two games to earn a winning season and
strengthen Duffner's chances of returning next season.

"We've definitely underachieved, and that's why it's so frustrating," senior
safety Lamont Gore said. "We set our goals high and talked bowls, but we haven't
come through. Not even close."


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, john mcdonnell, Ken Mastrole bears the brunt of the Terrapins'
pass protection problems in pro-style offense.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               October 25, 1995, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Letters;
Unwelcome center

BYLINE: KEVIN ROUSH; Atlanta

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 986 words


I was shocked by the Cobb County Board of Commissioners' resolution calling for
the state to speed up budgeting plans for Cobb's I-75 welcome center. The site
is state-owned. State taxes will pay for construction, staff salaries and
maintenance. The state invests tax dollars and Cobb County reaps the financial
benefits.

Cobb commissioners have another resolution on their books: the anti- gay
resolution. As a direct result of that resolution, the people of Cobb were
stripped of their right to host the 1996 Olympic volleyball event.

It makes absolutely no sense to me to put a state-funded welcome center in any
county that has gone on the record to say that not everyone is welcome. Who is
next on their list - Latinos, Jews, African-Americans?

The state should wash its hands of this project before more tax dollars are
wasted.

Missing million
KITA SIMS, Decatur

I am a 22-year-old African-American female, and I have mixed feelings about the
Million Man March.

The wrong "million men" marched. The men who were there showed vividly that they
were accepting responsibility for their actions, raising their children and
living by all the other important values that Nation of Islam leader Louis
Farrakhan discussed.

The ones who needed to attend and hear the message, the men who are committing
the black-on-black crimes and not accepting the responsibility of raising their
children with my sisters, were nowhere to be found.

I really hope to see a change in my people as we try to move forward and better
ourselves, but it is extremely difficult to continue being optimistic when in
less than 24 hours after the march, the top stories on the local news still
reflected black-on-black crimes.

Treated like criminals
WILLIAM J. DUNKLEY, Atlanta

The implication in the reporting of a recent Entertainment Weekly/Gallup poll in
"Sexual orientation of actors doesn't matter to most viewers" was obvious and
highly offensive.

The article discusses percentages of respondents who feel swayed by their
knowledge of an actor's or actress' sexual orientation. It reports similar
responses "if they learned that he or she was" an alleged child molester,
accused of spousal abuse, arrested for drug possession, arrested for drunken
driving or caught having sex with a prostitute.

The implied comparison is odious. An apology is owed to all of the upstanding,
taxpaying, gay and lesbian citizens offended by perpetuating this junk.

Save living history
MARGARET SIMS-CURBOW, Morganton

Only God can make a tree, but apparently Gov. Zell Miller could save one -
namely, the Albany Friendship Oak - if he wanted to.

The governor saved a historic house in Pulaski County when 60 people asked him
to. It was the Georgia Department of Transportation that wanted to raze this
structure and it's the DOT that wants to cut down the tree, so doesn't that mean
the governor could save the tree?

Houses can be moved and roads can be rerouted, but an ancient tree is destroyed
for all time.

If enough people call or write the governor, maybe he will save one of our
state's most precious historic living treasures.

Enslaved in spirit
BETTY STEWART, College Park

In the letter "Taught by the experts," the writer said white America has stolen
African heritage and pride and replaced it with drugs, alcohol, guns and
addictions.

African-American culture and pride are not something that can be stolen; they
are developed within the heart. The drugs, alcohol and gun problems can be
stopped only when decent people in the community decide to get together and not
allow thugs to take over. There are many fine people in these neighborhoods who
are being held down by the criminal element.

There was a time when black people were held in slavery, and that was very
wrong. The tragedy today is that people like the letter writer are enslaved in
their minds, and with this attitude they are passing this slavery on to
children.

Deserve better
MICHAEL A. JOHNSON, Newnan

As an employee of Fulton County, I read with great interest Commissioner Gordon
Joyner's comments about employees taking too many breaks and conducting personal
business on county time. Sadly, he is probably correct.

One phrase caught my eye: "Pay for performance." The county implemented an
employee appraisal system almost 10 years ago. Supervisors appraise their
subordinates four times a year, complete a rather difficult document and send it
up the line.

Not a single employee has received a raise as a result of this appraisal.

We haven't had a decent pay increase in seven years. We work mandatory overtime
without monetary compensation. The morale of employees is at an all-time low.
Fulton County residents, visitors and families of the employees suffer as a
result.

I am proud of my department (fire), and our customers do not suffer. We save
lives and property with the best of them. We deserve better.

RUSSIAN THREAT Resources for control
WILLIAM A. REID, Atlanta

We will fight the Russians in the future because they will become the
superpower. With the discovery of oil in the Caspian Sea, along with the oil
they already have and their timber, gold, coal and massive multiple resources,
they will become the powerhouse of the world.

The Democratic Party should consider this situation and stop deleting dollar
after dollar from our military expenditures, because the day will come when our
children or grandchildren will need the backing required to take on this issue.

Brink of world war
DON GAMEL, Stone Mountain

I am totally opposed to sending troops to Bosnia. Previously, military experts
have said it would be unwise to send our troops to fight in this mountainous
land. This is a civil war.

We have singled out the Bosnian Serbs as the bad guys. The Serbs are close to
Russia. Russia could enter the war, thus starting World War III.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: SPEAK OUT TO SAVE THE TREE
Gov. Zell Miller
2091 State Capital
Atlanta, Ga. 30334
404-656-1776

Illustration: Snarling Russian bear wearing a combat helmet./ D.B.
JOHNSON / Special

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           September 16, 2005, Friday

TERRORISTS COULD TURN SUPERGRASS

BYLINE: BY DAVID BARRETT

SECTION: Post Edition; NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 583 words

HIGHLIGHT: Charles Clarke


The Government is considering allowing terror suspects to turn 'supergrass'.

Home Secretary Charles Clarke disclosed in a letter to his opposition
counterparts that work was under way to set up 'intelligence interviews' between
terror suspects and police and security services.

In a draft Terrorism Bill he also unveiled plans for new laws to crack down on
extremist Islamic bookshops by creating a new offence of 'dissemination of
terrorist publications' plus a proposed new offence of glorifying terrorism.

Controversially, Mr Clarke confirmed he would back police demands to increase
the time terror suspects can be detained for questioning without charge from 14
days to three months.

The Bill said there would be a 20-year limit on the offence of 'glorifying,
exalting or celebrating' a terrorist attack.

It will not be a crime to glorify any events which happened more than 20 years
earlier, except those contained in a list drawn up by the Home Secretary.

The offence would apply to terror attacks around the world not just those on
British soil.

A Home Office spokeswoman said: 'These events which are still felt to be 'raw'
will be contained in an order attached to the Bill.

'For example, in 20 years' time people might still feel that September 11 or
July 7 were events that still ought not to be glorified.

'Some examples which have been put forward of events which might not qualify for
inclusion in the list are the Easter Uprising or the French Revolution.'

The plans drew criticism from the Liberal Democrats, a Muslim group and civil
liberties campaigners.

Liberty director Shami Chakrabarti said: 'Glorification is so broad that the
Home Secretary will take powers to determine which historical figures were
terrorists and which freedom fighters.'

The Bill would 'make loose talk a serious criminal offence', she added.

Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Mark Oaten said the glorification
offence and detention powers would require a 'major rethink' to retain his
party's support.

'Creating an offence of glorifying terrorism is unlikely to work in court and
could be open to too wide an interpretation.

'And the proposal for holding suspects for up to three months is totally
unacceptable,' he said.

Islamic Human Rights Commission chairman Massoud Shadjareh said: 'These
measures, coupled with faulty British intelligence, will increase the witch-hunt
against Muslims similar to that conducted against the Irish community.

'If criminalisation of glorification is the way forward, why don't we have
legislation against the glorification of drug use and gangsterism which kills
many more people than terrorism?'

Shadow home secretary David Davis welcomed the package but said a convincing
case for extended detention periods had not yet been made.

In New York, Prime Minister Tony Blair said he was prepared to do whatever was
necessary to defend Britain.

'I want to do my best to protect the country and here are the police saying we
need to extend the period of detention, well okay as long as there is judicial
oversight,' he said.

'I'd prefer to do this by consensus, I would obviously prefer this but it may
not be possible to do that.'

Association of Chief Police Officers terror spokesman and chief constable of
Sussex Ken Jones said of the three months bid: 'The power is necessary because
of the sheer volume of material we are discovering and the complex global reach
of our inquiries.'

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday

BGSU looks to contain explosive NIU offense

BYLINE: John Wagner, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 534 words


Nov. 08--BOWLING GREEN -- A week ago Paul Swan split his time between two
television shows.

One was Sons of Anarchy, which the sophomore linebacker on the Bowling Green
State University football team said is one of his favorites. The other was
"Anarchy at the Glass Bowl," better known as the offensive explosion between
Toledo and Northern Illinois, the Falcons' opponent at Doyt Perry Stadium
Tuesday.

"I would turn it on and there would be a score," Swan said of the game. "Then
I'd turn it off, and when I turned it back on there would be another score.

"Both teams were scoring at will out there."

That's what happens in a game whose final score is 63-60, making it the highest
scoring nonovertime game in Mid-American Conference history. But that game also
underlines the capabilities of the Northern Illinois offense as the Huskies face
BG in a nationally televised game Tuesday at 8:05 p.m.

Northern Illinois ranks tenth among FBS schools in scoring offense, averaging
41.22 points per game, thanks in large part to a rushing attack that ranks ninth
nationally with 246.78 yards per game. Bowling Green coach Dave Clawson said
much of the credit for that success goes to the Huskies' quarterback, senior
Chandler Harnish.

"They are the No. 1 [scoring] offense in the conference, and they probably have
the premier player in the conference at quarterback," Clawson said of Harnish.
"He can beat you with his arm and his legs.

"They have a veteran offense, with nine seniors, including four on the offensive
line. They are explosive. You can defend [a play] right, and they still make you
miss."

Harnish ranks 11th nationally in total offense with 152.78 yards per game,
including 96.78 rushing yards a contest.

Even though the Huskies scored 63 points last Tuesday, they still had to hold
their breath because their defense allowed Toledo to post 589 yards of total
offense and 60 points. While the 60 points allowed are a season high, Northern
Illinois surrenders a MAC-high 35.6 points per game and ranks next-to-last in
the 13-team league by giving up 449.8 yards per game.

The Huskies have surrendered more than 40 points in three other games -- which
just happen to be their three losses.

"There was never a dull moment," NIU coach Dave Doeren said of the UT game.
"Defensively we were struggling, and I wanted us to get just one turnover --
just one stop.

"We have 10 new starters on that side of the ball, and they're young. They were
disappointed in how they played against Toledo, but they know they have an
opportunity against Bowling Green to right the ship."

So the challenge for the Falcon offense is to score as many points as possible.
And the defensive challenge is to not let the Huskies run wild, something senior
rover Keith Morgan said is possible.

"One [thing we have to do well], without a doubt, is to tackle," he said. "When
we tackle well, we can compete with any offense.

"And we have to have our eyes in the right places and read our keys. If we do
that, we'll be fine."

Contact John Wagner at: jwagner@theblade.com or 419-724-6481 or on Twitter
@jwagnerblade.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111108-TO-BGSU-looks-to-contain-explosive-NIU-offense-1108-20111108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2010 Sunday

BRIEF: THE EDGE

BYLINE: Rich Campbell, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 281 words


Sept. 19--REDSKINS RUN OFFENSE VS. TEXANS RUN DEFENSE

The Redskins offense is eager to face a 4-3 defense; the alignment allows for
cutback runs. Washington, however, struggled with backside blocking against
Dallas. Washington needs better blocking from FB Mike Sellers and TE Fred Davis.

Edge: Texans

REDSKINS PASS OFFENSE VS. TEXANS PASS DEFENSE

If the Redskins protect QB Donovan McNabb, he could expose a pass defense that
surrendered 419 passing yards to Indianapolis' Peyton Manning last week. The
Texans will flip-flop Pro Bowl DE Mario Williams against both of the Redskins
offensive tackles.

Edge: Redskins

TEXANS RUN OFFENSE VS. REDSKINS RUN DEFENSE

RB Arian Foster exploded onto the NFL scene last week with a whopping 231 yards
and three touchdowns against Indianapolis. The Redskins surrendered 4.7 yards
per carry against Dallas, and their front seven hasn't perfected the new 3-4
scheme.

Edge: Texans

TEXANS PASS OFFENSE VS. REDSKINS PASS DEFENSE

WR Andre Johnson is widely considered the best receiver in the NFL. The Redskins
let Dallas rely on short passes last week, but the Texans' offensive line is
healthy, and they'll take shots down the field.

Edge: Texans

FINAL SCORE: TEXANS 24, REDSKINS 20 -- Rich Campbell

To see more of The Free Lance-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://fredericksburg.com/flshome. Copyright (c) 2010, The Free Lance-Star,
Fredericksburg, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100919-FB-BRF-THE-EDGE-0919-20100919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2010 The Free Lance-Star


                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                              May 31, 2010 Monday

Supreme Court of Missouri Case Summaries: May 31, 2010

BYLINE: Stephanie Maniscalco

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 698  words


State v. Stewart (MLW No. 60691/Case No. SC90503 - 11 pages) (Supreme Court of
Missouri, Russell, J.; all concur) Criminal Law: First-Degree Murder - DNA
Evidence - New Trial Where a defendant convicted of first-degree murder argued
for a new trial based on newly discovered evidence that his brother-in-law's DNA
was found on a bloody hat at the crime scene and that the brother stated that he
had killed someone, a new trial is ordered because the evidence was credible and
raised a substantial doubt as to the result on a retrial. Judgment is reversed
and remanded. State v. Stewart (MLW No. 60691/Case No. SC90503 - 11 pages)
(Supreme Court of Missouri, Russell, J.; all concur) Appealed from circuit
court, Greene County, Perigo, J. (Rosalynn Koch, Columbia, for appellant) (Karen
L. Kramer, Jefferson City, for respondent).

State v. Williams (MLW No. 60692/Case No. SC90501 - 8 pages) (Supreme Court of
Missouri, Fischer, J.; all concur) Criminal Law: Instructions - Lesser-Included
Offense - Robbery Where a defendant charged with second-degree robbery requested
an instruction on the lesser-included offense of felony stealing, the trial
court erred in refusing the instruction because the evidence provided a basis to
acquit the defendant if the jury believed his testimony. Judgment is reversed
and remanded. State v. Williams (MLW No. 60692/Case No. SC90501 - 8 pages)
(Supreme Court of Missouri, Fischer, J.; all concur) Appealed from circuit
court, St. Louis City, Van Amburg, J. (Gwenda Renee Robinson, St. Louis, for
appellant) (Mary H. Moore, Jefferson City, for respondent).

State v. Daws (MLW No. 60693/Case No. SC90444 - 6 pages) (Supreme Court of
Missouri, Teitelman, J.; all concur) Criminal Law: Resisting Arrest - Double
Jeopardy - Lesser-Included Offense Where a defendant, who was arrested following
a police chase, pleaded guilty to charges of failing to yield to an emergency
vehicle and was then charged with resisting arrest, each offense includes
elements that the other does not, so the failure to yield charge is not a
lesser-included offense of resisting arrest, and the trial court erred in
dismissing the resisting arrest charge on double jeopardy grounds. Judgment is
reversed and remanded. State v. Daws (MLW No. 60693/Case No. SC90444 - 6 pages)
(Supreme Court of Missouri, Teitelman, J.; all concur) Appealed from circuit
court, Platte County, Shafer, J. (Rosalynn Koch, Columbia, for respondent)
(Jayne T. Woods, Jefferson City, for appellant).

Hayes, et ux. v. Price (MLW No. 60694/Case No. SC90054 - 17 pages) (Supreme
Court of Missouri, Breckenridge, J.; all concur) Negligence: Comparative Fault -
Motorcycle Accident - Prejudgment Interest (1)Where a plaintiff, who was injured
in an accident when his motorcycle collided with a car, objected to the
submission of a comparative fault instruction for his failure to keep a careful
lookout, there was no evidence that a reasonable driver could or should have
seen an indication of danger in time to avoid a collision, so the instruction
was improper, and since the plaintiff was assessed 20 percent of the fault, the
instruction was prejudicial, so judgment is entered to reflect that the
defendant was 100 percent at fault. (2)Where a plaintiff in a personal injury
action sent a demand letter for prejudgment interest that offered to release the
defendant from liability for $325,000, but the letter also requested the
production of documents and sworn witness statements, the non-monetary demands
interfered with the defendant's ability to unequivocally accept the offer since
she needed the cooperation of third parties, so the trial court did not err in
overruling the plaintiff's request for prejudgment interest because allowing
non-monetary demands would be contrary to the statute's public policy of
encouraging settlement. Judgment is reversed in part; affirmed in part as
modified. Hayes, et ux. v. Price (MLW No. 60694/Case No. SC90054 - 17 pages)
(Supreme Court of Missouri, Breckenridge, J.; all concur) Appealed from circuit
court, Jasper County, Baldridge, J. (David W. Ransin, Springfield, for
appellants) (John Mullen and Nikki Cannezzaro, Kansas City, Missouri, for
respondents).

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 21, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Weis, Spurrier look for offense

BYLINE: Kelly Whiteside

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 643 words


Notre Dame's Charlie Weis and South Carolina's Steve Spurrier, known for their
offensive IQs, must have wanted to vomit, to borrow a Weis phrase, when they
looked at their teams' offensive stats this week.

The Gamecocks are at least winning but are ranked 67th in total offense. Their
385 yards a game is the fewest of any 3-0 team in the country.

The 0-3 Irish are last in the nation in total offense, rushing offense and
scoring offense. They are 115th among the 119 major-college teams in passing
offense. The Irish also are last in sacks allowed (7.67 a game).

So how does one explain such struggles under coaches who have made their mark on
offense? A blip of personnel? Both teams had to replace three starters on the
offensive line.

The Irish hope to wake up their offensive echoes and get their first offensive
touchdown Saturday at home against 3-0 Michigan State. To avoid going 0-4 for
the first time in school history, the  line needs to do a better job of
protecting freshman quarterback Jimmy Clausen, who was sacked seven times last
week  at Michigan.

Weis doesn't blame the drop-off on talent or coaching. "I didn't turn into a
crummy coach overnight, my staff didn't turn crummy overnight and the players
didn't turn crummy overnight, either," he said.

In South Carolina's win against South Carolina State last week, fifth-year
senior quarterback Blake Mitchell had three interceptions and a fumble and was
sacked twice. Frustrated by the miscues, Spurrier called running plays much of
the second half. If South Carolina struggled against a I-AA team, how might the
No. 14 Gamecocks fare this week at No. 2 LSU, which has given up seven points in
three games?

"For us to have a chance, our quarterback and our offensive line have got to
play so much better then we've played all year," Spurrier said. "If we continue
to play the way we've played, it's going to be a struggle."

To coin a phrase: New phrases enter the college football lexicon every so often.
Getting "Croomed" means to lose your job shortly after losing to Mississippi
State coach Sylvester Croom. (See Ron Zook at Florida and Mike Shula at Alabama;
it's way too early to say the same about Tommy Tuberville at Auburn.)

This week Spurrier coined "pulling a Jim Tressel." During a conference call
Sunday, Spurrier said he voted LSU No. 1 in this week's USA TODAY Coaches' Poll.

"I can honestly say I voted them No. 1, how about that?" Spurrier said,
according to The (Baton Rouge) Advocate. "I'm not pulling a Jim Tressel, either.
I did vote them No. 1. Y'all can check it out."

Last season before meeting Texas, Ohio State's Tressel said he voted the
Longhorns No. 1. It later was revealed Tressel voted the Buckeyes No. 1. An Ohio
State assistant who called in Tressel's ballot took the blame for the mix-up.

Setback for Manley: Whatever happened to Dexter Manley II? The defensive end and
son of former NFL standout Dexter Manley played a season for Oregon before
transferring to Division II West Texas A&M.

In his first start, against Texas A&M-Commerce last week, Manley  tore a
ligament in his left knee. He said he plans to apply for a medical redshirt.

Identity crisis? Last weekend 30 Portland State players and three assistant
coaches had money and other personal items stolen from their locker room during
a home win against Sacramento State.

Coach Jerry Glanville said some  players and coaches were scrambling  to replace
driver's licenses and other forms of ID before the flight for Saturday's game at
San Diego State. "To get on an airplane, you've got to have an ID," Glanville
told The Oregonian. "The coaching staff not being able to get on the plane may
help us. But the players need to get on."

A school spokesman said Thursday that all the players were able to get some form
of ID and will be able to get through airport security just fine.

Contributing: Jill Lieber Steeg

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 31, 2007 Friday

BYU football: Cougars preparing for the unknown

BYLINE: By Rhiannon Potkey The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; BYU Cougars

LENGTH: 562 words


PROVO - They are guessing how the system will work, envisioning where the pieces
will fit, and speculating which formations will be run.

Preparing for a season-opening game is always a challenge. But preparing for an
opponent implementing an entirely new offense requires even more prep work.

Brigham Young's first four opponents this season all feature new head coaches or
coordinators, but Saturday's opponent - Arizona - is the only one where no
previous game film will be available.

The Wildcats hired offensive coordinator Sonny Dykes in the offseason to provide
a scoring punch to complement their stingy defense. Dykes spent the last seven
years helping orchestrate a record-setting aerial attack at Texas Tech.

Arizona's spread offense is being described as a hybrid of Texas Tech, BYU and
New Mexico State, but BYU can't be sure how Dykes will use the new weapons at
his disposal until it's unveiled Saturday.

"We heard different things that they are patterning their offense after BYU as
much as Texas Tech, so I am not sure which offense we will see, or a combination
of both," BYU coach Bronco Mendenhall said. "We have had to devote some time to
Texas Tech and we have certainly devoted plenty of time to defending our own
offense. But I think the real key will be the execution of our system and then
making adjustments as a coaching staff as the game goes on."

Arizona kept things pretty vanilla in its camp scrimmages, and coach Mike Stoops
wasn't about to reveal any secrets before the opener.

"People have no ideas what we are going to emphasize," he said. "This offense
has a mind of its own."

Arizona was in drastic need of an offensive makeover. The Wildcats ranked 115th
in the nation in total offense last year, averaging only 253 yards and 16.5
points per game.

Last season's 16-13 victory over BYU was a clear harbinger of things to come, as
the Wildcats accumulated exactly 253 yards and relied on three field goals to
give them the edge.

Junior quarterback Willie Tuitama is back at the controls to run Arizona's new
spread attack with receivers Mike Thomas, Terrell Turner and Anthony Johnson as
downfield targets and Chris Jennings coming out of the backfield.

Aside from having game film of Texas Tech to view, BYU has the benefit of
in-house familiarity. BYU offensive coordinator Robert Anae spent four years
coaching with Dykes at Texas Tech.

But Anae believes the best preparation he's provided BYU is putting his own
players on the field each day in practice.

"You are not going to expand or retract that offense at such a scale that you
won't recognize it, so I think it has been very beneficial for our defense to go
against our offense," Anae said. "They have had a full-speed look for quite some
time now, and that is the best thing for them."

Still, BYU senior safety Quinn Gooch admits the element of the unknown causes
some defensive unease.

"It makes you a little bit nervous," he said. "But even preparing for a regular
week when you know tendencies and coaches, they can throw different plays and
new players in there, so you still have to be able to adjust. The coaching staff
will make the adjustments on the sideline, so we can play effectively on the
field."

Four-receiver sets? Two-back alignments? Multiple tight ends?

The Cougars will have to wait until Saturday to find out if their visions were
anything close to reality.

rpotkey@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 17, 2007 Monday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Offensive players seem out of their element;
Attack sputters in snowstorm

BYLINE: By Rodney McKissic - NEWS SPORTS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


Marshawn Lynch walked out of the tunnel and into snow- and wind-splattered
Cleveland Browns Stadium with an astonished look. Growing up in Oakland, Calif.,
the Buffalo Bills rookie running hadn't experienced anything like this.

"It looked like something I saw on the Discovery Channel on the North Pole,"
Lynch said. "That's kind of how it felt."

Lynch and his teammates were warned about the wintry conditions expected for
Sunday's game against the Browns, but nothing this extreme. But these were
apparently ideal conditions for the Browns to bolster their playoff hopes, ideal
weather for Jamal Lewis and his north-south running style. But it would be no
easy day of pass-and-catch for the Bills' offense, no easy day of cutting and
slashing for Lynch. This version of NFL On Ice went to Cleveland, 8-0, which
knocked the Bills out of playoff contention.

"Even the footing going forward wasn't very good," Bills coach Dick Jauron said.
"It was just treacherous out there and it got progressively worse."

Aside from its final possession, the Bills' offense couldn't move the ball. It
finished with only 232 yards of total offense, a 3.6-yard average per play while
converting just 3 of 16 (19 percent) on third down.

"We were slipping and sliding," Lynch said. "There was not too much going with
the offense."

In conditions like this, there wasn't going to be much variety. Trent Edwards
threw to five different receivers but completed just 13 of 33 passes for 124
yards.

"It was either the receivers' steps were not what we worked on all week or my
footwork wasn't what I worked on all week," Edwards said. "It may have been a
combination of the wind and the conditions. It wasn't like the ball was coming
out of my hands [funny] and making others miss."

Said Roscoe Parrish, who didn't have a reception: "It was hard to run our routes
because we didn't have any grip on the field."

Lynch managed to grind out 82 yards on 21 carries but Fred Jackson, who rushed
for 115 yards on 15 carries in last week's win over Miami, had just 16 yards on
seven carries Sunday.

"It's impossible to pass the ball," right tackle Langston Walker said. "You try
to run it, it's impossible to get footing."

The Bills' offensive players, the bulk coming from the South and the West Coast,
weren't used to playing in these kinds of conditions where the winds whipped
around Cleveland Browns Stadium up to 43 mph with blowing snow and a wind chill
factor at 16 degrees before kickoff.

"It was at least 3 inches of snow and it was packed in," said Walker, who is
also from Oakland. "It was muddy, it was cold, the wind was blowing. The field
crew did their best, the refs did their best, but there isn't very much you can
do in a game like that."

Of their skill players, Lynch and Edwards are from California, Josh Reed is from
Louisiana and Parrish is from Florida. Wide receiver Lee Evans grew up in
suburban Cleveland. Among the starting offensive line, only New Yorker Melvin
Fowler grew up in the Northeast.

"It doesn't matter if we were from the North Pole, these conditions were tough,"
Walker said. "It's one of those freak things you don't see very often."

e-mail: rmckissic@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: James P. McCoy/Buffalo News The blizzard made life miserable for Trent
Edwards, calling signals, and the Bills offense.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           August 29, 2007 Wednesday

Time has finally come for patient Ostrander

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 815 words


IT'S THE GOLDEN ERA of quarterback play. And you don't need to wade through
historical archives to find it. Just flip on your TV on Saturday.

Do so and you can watch T.C. Ostrander (Menlo-Atherton) start at quarterback for
Stanford against UCLA. Later that same day Adam Tafralis (Mills) will start at
quarterback for San Jose State against Arizona State. And for those of us who
can't wait until Saturday, Julian Edelman (Woodside) will start at quarterback
for Kent State in its Thursday game at Iowa State.

Three quarterbacks from San Mateo County high schools all NCAA Division I
starters at the same time. That's something that has never happened before.

It's a golden era. And it is now.

Ostrander, a fifth-year senior, has had a long wait. For four years he was
forced to bide his time. But with Trent Edwards having graduated and moved on to
the Buffalo Bills, the job is all Ostrander's.

"I could never have predicted how it has gone," Ostrander said. "There's nothing
I regret. It's made me a better player competing with Trent the last three or
four years, made me a better quarterback."

Ostrander received plenty of playing time as a backup during a very difficult
three years for Stanford offensively, as Edwards was sidelined with numerous
injuries.

"We've been through a lot," Ostrander said. "It has made us stronger as people."

He is playing for his third head coach in the last four years. First it was
Buddy Teevens, then Walt Harris and now Jim Harbaugh. All three had some
expertise in the passing game.from Sports 1

"They're both versions of the West Coast Offense," said of Stanford's offense
under Harris and Harbaugh. "Coach Harris' is more based on downfield throws.
Coach Harbaugh's offense is more of a progression offense. There's a rhythm to
it, there's a progression to the offense moreso than with coach Harris."

Harbaugh played high school football across the street from Stanford at Palo
Alto High, and went on to a 15-year career in the NFL.

"T.C.'s a tremendous leader, a very hard worker," Harbaugh said. "He has a very
strong arm and the respect of everybody on the team. He really picked up our
offense well and I think he'll do a real good job for us at quarterback."

Ostrander would be a happy man at the end of the season if his senior year in
college turns out anything like his senior year in high school. He threw 45
touchdown passes as a high school senior with only seven interceptions in
leading M-A to a Central Coast Section Division II championship.

"What helped me that year was an unwavering belief in myself and the guys around
me," Ostrander said.

Ostrander was born at Stanford Hospital. His father, Clint, was a pole vaulter
on the Stanford track team.

"I've lived around here all my life, always been a Stanford fan," Ostrander
said. "I got the chance to go to Stanford, now I'm the starting quarterback.
It's really a dream come true."

To have starting quarterbacks from San Mateo County high schools at two of the
three Bay Area Division I programs is unusual, to say the least. Tafralis had a
breakout season last year for San Jose State, leading the nation in passing
efficiency for much of the season and finishing with 65 percent completions and
21 touchdowns. Tafralis, who should get a chance to go head-to-head with
Ostrander when San Jose State plays Stanford on Sept.15, is on the Manning Award
watch list.

Edelman, playing so far away at Kent State, gets considerably less exposure in
the Bay Area. Last season Edelman, a sophomore after playing one year at College
of San Mateo, passed for 1,859 yards and 10 touchdowns and rushed for 658 yards
-- despite playing with a torn labrum for much of the season. This week Edelman
was named as one of 35 quarterbacks nationally on the Davey O'Brien watch list.

EXTRA POINTS: Ostrander, Tafralis and Edelman aren't the only outstanding
quarterbacks to come out of San Mateo County in recent years. When Ostrander led
M-A to the CCS title in 2002, it was after a second-place finish in the
Peninsula Athletic League's Bay Division. Terra Nova came in first behind Greg
Reynolds, who went on to play baseball at Stanford and is currently in the
Colorado Rockies organization after being taken second overall in the 2006
draft. Reynolds led Terra Nova to a win over M-A that year in football.
Ostrander returned the favor in baseball, outpitching Reynolds in an M-A
victory. ... Daniel Bocanegra (Serra), the starting quarterback at I-AA Albany
last season, has been moved to wide receiver. ... Drew Shiller, now a member of
the Stanford basketball team, had an outstanding senior season as a quarterback
at Burlingame, leading the Panthers to a CCS championship in 2004. ... Tyler
Holland, a quarterback at Sacred Heart Prep, has been moved to tight end at UCLA
and will visit home when the Bruins play Saturday at Stanford.

Contact Glenn Reeves at

(650) 348-4345 or greeves@sanmateocountytimes.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gleen Reeves

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           April 21, 1993, Wednesday

Catholic deacon in Fayette faces Illinois sex charges

BYLINE: Gayle White and Joe Earlesex; children; investigations; religion;
families; crime

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 4

LENGTH: 191 words


A married Roman Catholic deacon, arrested in Fayette County on child molestation
charges, waived extradition to Illinois today.

Patricio Batuyong, known as Patrick, faces six counts of aggravated sexual
abuse, one count of solicitation of juvenile prostitution, one count of criminal
abuse, and one count of criminal sexual assault.

He was arrested Tuesday at his home in Fayetteville.

Illinois authorities are expected to pick him up within 10 days.

Deacon Batuyong, 49, is a permanent deacon from the Archdiocese of Chicago who
had been on temporary assignment at St. Gabriel's Mission in Fayetteville for
about a year, said the Rev. Peter Dora, spokesman for the Atlanta Archdiocese.

The alleged victim is a family member, Hanover Park police said, but they would
not disclose the exact relationship between the two. Deacon Batuyong was accused
by the relative Friday night of the sex crimes, which allegedly occurred in the
Chicago suburbs of Hanover Park, Hoffman Estates and Palatine between June 1991
and September 1991.

Hanover Park authorities are requesting that bond be set at $ 1 million,
according to Fayette officials.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931240141

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            December 26, 2011 Monday

Kragthorpe: BYU can join impressive list of teams that beat Tulsa

BYLINE: By Kurt Kragthorpe Tribune Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; BYU Cougars

LENGTH: 658 words


There's nothing one quarterback can do to stop another, so to frame the Armed
Forces Bowl as a match-up between BYU's Riley Nelson and Tulsa's G.J. Kinne
would be misleading.

Yet the game offers Nelson and his teammates a genuine opportunity to compare
themselves to some of the best offenses in the country, thanks to Tulsa's
ambitious schedule.

This is Nelson's chance to be mentioned in a conversation involving four of
college football's elite quarterbacks: Oklahoma's Landry Jones, Oklahoma State's
Brandon Weeden, Boise State's Kellen Moore and Houston's Case Keenum.

They're the only QBs who have beaten Tulsa this season. Viewing the Golden
Hurricane's schedule another way, an undistinguished list of quarterbacks from
the likes of Tulane, Rice and Alabama-Birmingham have lost to Tulsa.

So what the Cougars are dealing with in Dallas is the challenge of living up to
the high standards that Oklahoma State (59 points), Oklahoma (663 total yards)
and the other powerful offenses established against Tulsa, while hoping not to
be lumped together with a bunch of mediocre teams from Conference USA.

Tulsa's defense -- coordinated by former Utah State coach Brent Guy -- looked
vulnerable against those high-quality teams, but played solidly against other
opponents while winning seven straight conference games. The Cougars will play
their way onto one list or the other to conclude 2011.

"If we can execute at the same level as those [elite] teams, we can take pride
in the fact that we're getting better," said Nelson, who started seven games for
Guy as a USU freshman in 2006.

The Cougars believe they improved as this season went along, coinciding with
Nelson's becoming the starting quarterback in place of Jake Heaps.
Statistically, that's true, although the declining quality of opposing defenses
since September accelerated the growth.

Now that Heaps is transferring from the school and Nelson is clearly established
as BYU's starter for 2012, the reality is that Nelson's performance against
Tulsa can hurt him a lot more than it can help him, in terms of how the offense
is perceived going into next season.

There's potential danger in overreacting to a BYU victory over Tulsa, based on
last December's historical precedent of the New Mexico Bowl against Texas-El
Paso, another Conference USA member. The Cougars posted 52 points and 514 total
yards in a performance that initially was viewed as validation for Heaps and the
offense. But soon afterward, former offensive coordinator Robert Anae was
encouraged to seek another job. A month into the 2011 season, Heaps was benched
in favor of Nelson.

So even with a strong finish this year, BYU's offense would have to prove itself
next season against the likes of Utah, Boise State, Notre Dame and Georgia Tech.

Yet if the Cougars can match, say, Boise State's production of 41 points and 458
yards against the Hurricane defense, they'll at least deserve to feel good about
themselves during the offseason. BYU topped the 500-yard mark against Idaho
State, Idaho and Hawaii after just missing that level against Oregon State,
thanks to Nelson's kneel-down on the final play.

The Cougars have climbed to 41st nationally in total offense, averaging 410.8
yards. Anything less than that figure in the Armed Forces Bowl would be
disappointing, although expecting BYU to duplicate the 694 yards that an offense
featuring Max Hall, Austin Collie and Harvey Unga posted against Tulsa in 2007
is asking a lot. Then again, BYU lost that game, 55-47.

This meeting also has high-scoring potential, if not quite at that level. If the
Cougars score in the 40s this time, they'll beat Tulsa -- just as Oklahoma,
Oklahoma State, Boise State and Houston have done.

kkragthorpe@sltrib.com

Twitter: @tribkurt Alt Heads:

BYU can join impressive list of teams that beat Tulsa Hurricained

Offensive performances for teams that have beaten Tulsa in 2011:
Team        Yds Pts
            .   .
Oklahoma    663 47
Oklahoma    543 59
St.
Boise State 458 41
Houston     558 48

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

Sooner defense finally rising in Big 12 efficiency ratings

BYLINE: By Berry Tramel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 665 words


Time to check in with the Big 12 efficiency ratings, which gauge offenses and
defenses based on their ability to score or keep the opponent from doing the
same. That's their job, remember. Points and denying points. Yardage is
overrated.

Not that it's not important. It's just overrated.We're down to only eight Big 12
games left, so the rankings are getting close to being where teams will finish.
A big performance still can prop you up - OU's defense, for example, took the
field 15 times against Kansas and didn't allow a point.Let's get to the
rankings:OFFENSE1. Baylor .459: Great game against OSU in Waco. The Bears scored
on seven of their 14 possessions. That offense is incredibly efficient.2. TCU
.422: Frogs finish with the ultimate spectrums - Texas' defense, then Iowa
State's.3. Kansas State .405: KSU offense was not great in Morgantown, just one
touchdown, but the Wildcats survived.4. Oklahoma .381: Sooners rising with
backup quarterback Cody Thomas, though it helps that the opponents were Texas
Tech and Kansas.5. Texas Tech .305: Good production out of backup quarterback
Patrick Mahomes. The Red Raiders' problems aren't on offense.6. West Virginia
.291: Disappointing offense for the Mountaineers. They looked good against
Alabama and Oklahoma in September but have stagnated. The last three games, WVU
has barely a 20 percent efficiency.7. Texas .271: The Longhorns will hold down
TCU. But can Texas score enough?8. Iowa State .260: You know, this isn't bad
offense for no more talent than the Cyclones have.9. Oklahoma State .213:
Cowboys scored four touchdowns in 15 possessions at Baylor. They haven't had
that many possessions in a game since Texas Tech back in September.10. Kansas
.170: Ugh. Fifteen possessions, no points against the Sooners. That's the most
futile single-game offense in the league this year. Texas blanked Kansas on 13
possessions, and Kansas State blanked Texas on 10 possessions.DEFENSE1. Texas
.190: Superb defense gets a test against TCU, but the Longhorns will finish No.
1 regardless of how they fare against Trevone Boykin.2. Kansas State .250:
Anybody else surprised that KSU is No. 2? And now the Wildcats get Kansas.3.
Baylor .252: The Bears showed a few holes against OSU, although OSU showed a new
quarterback.4. West Virginia .261: Excellent number for the Mountaineers. And
with Iowa State remaining, it still could fall a little.5. TCU .283: Not what
Gary Patterson really wants, but he's got Texas' and Iowa State's offense
remaining, so the Frogs are going to finish in pretty good shape.6. Oklahoma
.293: Can OU get into the upper half of the Big 12 defensively? It's going to be
difficult. And what a disappointment that is.7. Kansas .346: It sounds bad to
give up 427 rushing yards and five touchdowns to a single guy, but it sounds
much better than it looked.8. Oklahoma State .367: The Cowboys might just be out
of gas defensively, and nobody can blame them if they are.9. Iowa State .430:
The Cyclones might not have a winning record even if they had Baylor's offense.
That's how bad ISU's defense is.10. Texas Tech .445: The Red Raiders have a
really bad defensive number, and they're about to play an offense that is as
good as the Big 12 has seen. Not good.PROJECTIONSRemember, we can use the
figures to give us a score projection. Works best when you're dealing with teams
of similar status. In other words, Baylor-Kansas, not much help. TCU-Texas,
maybe.TCU at Texas: Horned Frogs 29-28. If it's this high-scoring, I'll be
surprised. If it's this close, I won't be surprised.Baylor vs. Texas Tech in
Arlington: Bears 44-27. I think there might be 71 points scored in this game.
And then whatever Tech scores.Kansas at Kansas State: Wildcats 32-19. Most
KU-KSU games get pretty ugly quickly. No reason why this shouldn't, either.West
Virginia at Iowa State: Mountaineers 35-26. This score could be hit stiff.
Sounds just about perfect.For more from Berry Tramel's blog, visit
http://newsok.com/blogs/berry-tramel

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 2, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 680 words

Park Service to continue prescribed fires
The National Park Service plans to resume its much-criticized controlled burns
in Western states next year as a measure to prevent more catastrophic forest
fires, a Park Service official said Tuesday. In addition, increasingly dangerous
wildfire conditions in the Northeast and Southeast may require such prescribed
fires this fall in some areas east of the Mississippi River. The agency says
controlled burns are necessary to remove highly combustible undergrowth, though
one supervised burn in New Mexico got out of control this spring, causing
widespread damage and a heated national controversy.

A record number of blazes, most due to such natural causes as low humidity and
lightning, are raging across Western states, and the Park Service is operating
under a wildfire emergency declared this week by Director Robert Stanton. So far
this year, the nation's forests and wilderness areas have been hit by 60,081
fires, compared with an average annual total of 50,752. More than 3.4 million
acres have been burned, compared with 1.8 million acres in an average year.

Russian trawler seized off Alaska
A Russian trawler was seized Tuesday in the Bering Sea for fishing inside U. S.
waters, authorities in Anchorage, Alaska, said. Officials from the Coast Guard
cutter Acushnet spotted the 150-foot Spitak 800 yards inside the 200- mile U.S.
economic zone Monday, said Coast Guard spokesman Darrell Wilson.

Ex-N.Y. Post owner sentenced to prison
Former newspaper owner Abe Hirschfeld was dragged struggling and yelling from
court in New York on Tuesday after being sentenced to one to three years in
prison for trying to have his partner killed. The 80-year-old millionaire real
estate developer was convicted in June of second-degree criminal solicitation
for offering $ 150,000 to have Stanley Stahl, his real estate partner of 40
years, killed in 1997 over a business dispute. Hirschfeld, a former owner of the
New York Post and an Independence Party candidate for the Senate, also faces a
second trial on tax evasion charges. His first trial in the tax case ended in a
deadlocked jury.


Tests to see if JonBenet, later case are linked
Police in Boulder, Colo., have ordered more tests on evidence in the JonBenet
Ramsey slaying and an assault on another girl that occurred months later to
determine whether there is a link between the two crimes. The 14- year-old girl,
who attended the same dance academy as JonBenet, was assaulted in her bed in
September 1997, according to police. The girl's mother interrupted the attack,
and the suspect fled. The girl wasn't injured. In December 1996, JonBenet, 6,
was found beaten and strangled in her Boulder home.

Ex-church worker accused of molestations
A former church youth worker accused of molesting children kept lists that
detailed thousands of sexual observations and interactions involving more than
300 boys, prosecutors in Salem, Mass., said. Christopher Reardon pleaded
innocent Monday to a 122-count indictment accusing him of rape, molestation and
dissemination of pornography, in what could be the largest sex abuse case in
Massachusetts history. The indictment listed 29 alleged victims, but prosecutors
described a pattern of abuse that suggested there could be more. Reardon, 28,
was held without bail.

2 die in explosion in Utah coal mine
A routine procedure in a coal mine in Price, Utah, inadvertently started a fire
that apparently set off a methane gas explosion early Tuesday, killing two
workers and injuring 12 others. Four miners escaped uninjured from the blaze at
the Willow Creek Mine, about 100 miles southeast of Salt Lake City.

N.Y. judge halts razing of former Poe house
A judge in New York has halted the demolition of a row of historic Greenwich
Village houses, including one where Edgar Allan Poe lived for a few months in
1845. Justice Robert Lippmann of State Supreme Court issued a temporary
restraining order Monday barring New York University from tearing down the
buildings until a hearing Aug. 8.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
A soldier passes rucksacks from about 600 soldiers who flew from Fort Hood,
Texas, to Boise, Idaho, on Tuesday for training to fight a 15,000- acre blaze in
west-central Idaho. Thirty-five large fires were burning on more than 638,000
acres of parched wildlands in Arizona, California, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New
Mexico, Texas, Utah and Wyoming. / KIM HUGHES / Associated Press

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

Like a mirror;
UW's defense will know how to read Toledo as the Rockets run a spread offense
similar to the Pokes

BYLINE: Scott Nulph

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 574 words


By Scott Nulph

snulph@wyosports.net

LARAMIE - The University of Wyoming defense has seen it all over the last three
weeks in terms of offensive attacks.

From Texas' pistol formation to Boise State's spread motion to Air Force's true
option, the Cowboys have had to make major adjustments each week in their
defensive game plans.

But this week the Pokes get a breather - sort of.

When UW prepares for the offense run by the host Toledo Rockets, it will almost
be like looking in the mirror. Or at least across the line of scrimmage.

Toledo's spread offense is almost identical to that run by the Cowboys, right
down to a mobile quarterback with the same first name as UW's Austyn
Carta-Samuels.

"It really is like lining up in fall camp and seeing our offense," defensive
coordinator Marty English said. "It's a good thing for us that we've seen this
offense quite a bit. The best part is since we've seen so much of it from our
team, it's total recall.

"The spread offense is a lot like an option in that you have to be responsible
for all the different formations. It's really a spread-out option the way they
run it."

Toledo quarterback Austin Dantin threw for 209 yards and two touchdowns and ran
for 64 yards and two scores in the Rockets' 31-20 win at Purdue on Saturday.

So far this season, Toledo averages 148.8 yards passing and 111.5 yards on the
ground.

"We should feel comfortable coming into this game," UW senior safety Chris
Prosinski said. "It's a lot like what we see in fall camp from our offense in
terms of the spread."

After a couple rough weeks against Texas and Boise State, UW's defense played
better on Saturday against Air Force with fewer missed tackles. The Cowboys just
had a hard time getting the Falcons' offense off the field late in the second
half.

"There's definitely some stuff we can learn from and build off of," Prosinski
said. "Overall, it was definitely a step in the right direction.

"I know our tackling was a lot better. We played hard for 60 minutes and were
right there to win it, just a few plays here and there."

Injury report

Both Prosinski and junior linebacker Brian Hendricks missed time in the second
half of the loss to Air Force.

Prosinski suffered a hamstring pull and was out most of the fourth quarter.
Hendricks hurt his neck in the third quarter.

Coach Dave Christensen said Monday that Prosinski should play on Saturday.
Hendricks is questionable right now, but Christensen his linebacker could be
available as well.

Prosinski, who said this is the first time in his career that he is dealing with
a hamstring injury, added that if UW had to play a game Monday he would have
been able to go.

Hendricks and Prosinski both said they'll see a lot of the training room this
week.

"It was a little scary anytime you're dealing with something like the neck,"
Hendricks added. "But it's better now, and I think by the end of the week I'll
be ready to go."

Running man

Christensen was pleased with running back Alvester Alexander's 123-yard
performance on Saturday.

The sophomore averaged 5.6 yards per attempt and had the Cowboys' longest run
from scrimmage of the season with a 34-yarder.

But the best thing Alexander did, Christensen said, was to run with authority.

"He had some really good runs," the coach added. "He broke some tackles, which I
was pleased to see, and I thought he matured at finishing runs, delivering at
the end instead of accepting the blow.

"I thought he got better as a running back last week."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wyoming defenders Gabe Knapton, left, and Patrick Mertens corner Air
Force quarterback Tim Jefferson Jr. in the backfield during last Saturday's game
in Laramie. Micah Iribarren/staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 12, 1997, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NAVY CASES ALSO SHOW LIGHTER SENTENCES

BYLINE: 1997,; Cox News Service

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 04A

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: DAYTON, OHIO


The Navy, like the Army, is sending a growing percentage of sailors and Marines
charged with serious sex offenses to misdemeanor court and giving a growing
number of them light sentences.

A Dayton Daily News computer analysis of Navy courts-martial from Jan. 1, 1995,
through April 1996, shows 127 of the 314 defendants charged with serious sex
offenses - more than 40 percent - went to special courts-martial, where the
maximum sentence is six months in jail.

From 1989 through 1994, the Navy sent 227 of 1,358 cases to special
courts-martial rather than to general courts-martial, the armed forces' felony
court. The offenses include rape, child molestation and other sexual assaults
that would be considered felonies in civilian courts.

Among defendants going to misdemeanor court was a Marine at Quantico, Va.,
charged in July 1995 with rape, forcible sodomy and committing an indecent act.
He pleaded guilty to lesser sex charges and was given 120 days, but no discharge
from the service.

Several others sent to the misdemeanor court were charged with having sex with
girls as young as 14, and several were charged with committing indecent acts on
children. A Marine from Camp Pendleton, Calif., was charged with having sex with
a 15-year-old girl and with committing adultery - a prosecutable offense in the
armed services - by having sex with the girl's mother. He got 30 days for having
sex with the 15-year-old.

According to an analysis of the Navy database, 60 percent of the defendants
court-martialed in 1995 and 1996 were found guilty. Of those found guilty, 96 -
34 percent - got sentences of 90 days or less. From 1990 to 1994, 28 percent of
the guilty defendants were sentenced to 90 days or less.

A sailor from the submarine base in Groton, Conn., was found guilty last
February of committing an indecent assault by "sticking hands down
shirt/touching breasts" and of a second similar charge. He got 45 days but was
not discharged.

A Marine sergeant from the base in El Toro, Calif., was found guilty in October
1995 of having sex with a 14-year-old girl and got 30 days.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Kragthorpe: BYU's historic passing offense thriving elsewhere, but not in Provo

BYLINE: By Kurt Kragthorpe Tribune Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports

LENGTH: 614 words


Dana Holgorsen once was so unimpressed with his hometown college's football
program that he turned down a chance to leave his high school class and meet
Iowa Wesleyan's new coach.

"Not because I liked English," he clarified Monday.

Holgorsen just was eager to depart tiny Mount Pleasant, Iowa ccc and he did so,
enrolling at St. Ambrose University. Yet the story of how Holgorsen's West
Virginia team will use key elements of BYU's historic passing game against the
Cougars in Saturday's game began a year later, when he transferred home to Iowa
Wesleyan as a receiver in the scheme implemented by Hal Mumme and Mike Leach in
the NAIA program in the early 1990s.

"We still to this day have some stuff in our playbook that goes back to the BYU
days," Holgorsen said. "Those principles ccc we took 'em and stole 'em and use
'em to this day."

Ty Detmer was quarterbacking the Cougars in those days. A quarter-century later,
he's now a first-year offensive coordinator in Provo, where BYU ranks 105th in
total offense and averages 17 points - with the disclaimer of having played
three Power 5 opponents.

Mumme, 64, was a high school coach in Texas when he first visited BYU. He kept
coming back year after year, while coaching at Iowa Wesleyan and Valdosta (Ga.)
State, where Holgorsen joined him and Leach to launch his coaching career.
LaVell Edwards and his coaching staff gave Mumme extensive research
opportunities because he "posed no threat to them," author S.C. Gwynne writes in
a new book.

"The Perfect Pass: American Genius and the Reinvention of Football" recognizes
Mumme, who now coaches at a small school in Mississippi, as the developer of the
Air Raid offense (Leach is credited with the nickname). The blend of the BYU,
Run-and-Shoot and West Coast schemes is being used in every conference of
college football. West Virginia, Oklahoma, TCU, California and Washington State,
where Leach coaches, are among the foremost practitioners. And it all stemmed
from Mumme's learning in Provo that a commitment to the passing game was just as
important as the scheme itself.

"To play like BYU, you had to fully dedicate yourself to the pass, to being
better at it than anyone else," Gwynne writes. "The secret to BYU's passing
offense, Hal realized, lay in simple execution. ccc Hal also loved the Cougars'
arrogance, the belief among the players that they could not be stopped."

The Detmer-coordinated offense is not unstoppable, hardly functioning like the
Detmer-quarterbacked offense of the old days. Even so, the passing philosophy
that Mumme and Leach embraced is working nicely elsewhere ccc including West
Virginia, under Holgorsen.

In a 2012 Salt Lake Tribune interview, Mumme said he hired Leach at Iowa
Wesleyan "because he had BYU on his resume" as a graduate of the school,
although didn't play college football. Holgorsen later would work with Leach for
eight seasons at Texas Tech, then enjoy offensive success at Houston and
Oklahoma State joining the Mountaineers.

Mumme's career arc is a story in itself. Amid his offensive exploits at Kentucky
in the Southeastern Conference, he was derailed by NCAA sanctions attributed
mainly to the illegal recruiting tactics of assistant Claude Bassett ccc a
former BYU defensive coach who had become friends with Mumme.

Since then, Mumme has coached at various schools and now works at Belhaven
University, an NCAA Division III school in Jackson, Miss. But his influence is
evident at big programs around the country, all because he kept coming to Provo
every spring. While searching for offensive solutions of their own this week,
the Cougars will have to face a scheme of BYU's own creation.

kkragthorpe@sltrib.com

Twitter: @tribkurt

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  October 16, 2002 Wednesday Marshall Edition

A Force to reckon with;
There's more to Falcons than potent offense

BYLINE: By JASON KELLY; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1; COLLEGE FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 767 words


SOUTH BEND -- Air Force football may be best known for the military precision of
its option offense, but Falcon coach Fisher DeBerry builds his defenses first
with the finest material available.

"We're going to take our best football players here at the academy," he said,
"and put them on defense."

Quarterback Chance Harridge, a passionate competitor who might become a Heisman
Trophy contender if he continues his rugged running, may dispute DeBerry's
description. He cannot argue with the results.

No. 18 Air Force (6-0) enters Saturday's game against seventh-ranked Notre Dame
(6-0) with the intention of disorienting the Irish offense with its usual
combination of defensive discipline and tenacity.

Just as the Falcon option tries to confuse opponents into submission, their
defense attacks from different directions, using the element of surprise to
diminish any disadvantage in size.

"I think the nature of their defense, it's kind of a stunting, blitzing group.
You're not sure where the guys are lined up, who has this responsibility or that
responsibility," Irish coach Tyrone Willingham said. "Anytime you can create
doubt, and their defense can do that, you make it very difficult for the offense
to have success."

Notre Dame denies any doubts about its own offense despite an ongoing struggle
to combine efficient passing with productive running.

With a new system installed, the Irish dismiss their inconsistency as an
inevitable part of the learning process.

"Any time a young man is thinking, the ability to execute is reduced,"
Willingham said, "and probably right now within our structure we still have some
thinking going on."

Ranked 113th out of 117 Division I-A teams in total offense, the Irish produce
only 293 yards per game, but protect the ball and control the clock well enough
to allow their defense to assert itself.

Air Force, tied for seventh in the nation in turnover margin with Notre Dame,
threatens that part of the equation that has added up to six victories for the
Irish so far.

Winning with the same sort of opportunistic ferocity as Notre Dame, the Falcons
have recovered eight fumbles and intercepted nine passes.

"They play so hard from snap to whistle. They're very disciplined," Irish
offensive coordinator Bill Diedrick said. "They've got a scheme where I think
they try to create a lot of chaos."

Linebacker Anthony Schlegel leads the chaotic charge with 52 tackles in six
games in a system tweaked in the offseason to highlight Air Force's team speed,
an essential element for an undersized team.

"Our players have responded," DeBerry said, "and taken a lot of pride in their
swarming ability."

That helps make up for what the Falcons lack -- namely the concentration of
talent most Division I-A teams boast because of a military academy's recruiting
limitations.

A military academy's advantages -- camaraderie, discipline and destructive force
-- levels the playing field even more.

"They're not as big as other teams," Notre Dame quarterback Carlyle Holiday
said, "but I think they play well together, they don't make many mistakes and
they really force turnovers which helps them win games too."

On talent alone, the Irish should be easy winners. On intangibles, they have
considerable competition.

In addition to internalizing the tactical responsibilities necessary to dominate
Air Force's defense, Notre Dame must match its effort.

"If size plays with great effort and matches that intensity and they also play
from snap to whistle, then you should win the battle," Diedrick said. "I think
that's probably the biggest factor right now. We have to challenge ourselves to
play every play snap to whistle and to not only match their energy level but
give a little bit more than they're giving."

Notre Dame's offense has lacked execution, not effort, but both will be
necessary Saturday if the Falcons offense continues to run wild.

Coaches often say a week may not be enough time to prepare for an offense as
unusual and effective as the Air Force option, but the Irish face another
equally nagging concern as they prepare for the Falcons.

Can the offense improve quickly enough to maintain the success Notre Dame has
achieved so far in spite of its inconsistency?

"Is there a timetable exactly when you know the offense? I don't know it,"
Willingham said. "We can master some things on day one, and some things you
don't. It's an ongoing process, hopefully we're getting better and better and
closer and closer to being the offense we'd like to be."

Staff writer Jason Kelly:

jkelly@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6110


LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Notre Dame running back Marcus Wilson and the Irish offense may find it
tough to gain yards this weekend against an underrated Air Force defensive unit.

  Tribune Photo/JIM RIDER  Irish vs. Falcons * Who:  No. 7 Notre Dame (6-0) vs.
No. 18 Air Force (6-0) * Where:  Falcon Stadium, Colorado Springs, Colo. * When:

  9 p.m. Saturday * TV:  ESPN * Radio:  WNDV 92.9-FM; WNDV 1490-AM

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             January 4, 2016 Monday
                                CA CHASE EDITION

'Bama's D must keep pace with Clemson

BYLINE: Paul Myerberg, @PaulMyerberg, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 508 words


With one College Football Playoff opponent defeated, Alabama will next turn to
top-ranked Clemson, whose spread-based offense should test a defense unfazed by
Michigan State's meat-and-potatoes philosophy.

For all of the Spartans' strengths, their offensive style and decision to huddle
between snaps  played into Alabama's hands.

Clemson won't be so kind. The scheme  by co-coordinators Jeff Scott and Tony
Elliott runs at a breakneck pace, pushing the ball and tempo to try to keep
defenses off balance. It works: Clemson has won 17 in a row, the longest winning
streak in college football.

"We have a great rushing game and a great passing game. So if you want to stop
the rushing game, then we can pass the ball," quarterback Deshaun Watson said.
"You want to stop the pass, then we can rush the ball. It doesn't really matter
what the defense does."

This was seen against Oklahoma, which led by a point at halftime Thursday but
fell under Clemson's offensive barrage in the second half. Clemson has  gained
at least 500 yards of offense in each of its last 10 games.

The Crimson Tide have seen similar offenses in and out of Southeastern
Conference play. But if they do have a weakness on defense,  it's spread
offenses. Ohio State, Auburn, Mississippi and Texas A&M gave Alabama trouble.

"It's our job to stop them," Alabama defensive end Jonathan Allen said. "No
matter what they throw at us, it's our job to be prepared and be ready for it."

The national championship game might come down whether Clemson can find weak
spots in Alabama's defensive armor with its quick-strike offense or whether the
extra time to prepare will give the Tide time to develop a scheme capable of
stopping Watson and the Tigers.

To prepare for Clemson, the Crimson Tide will attempt to replicate the Tigers'
speed and pace in practice, Alabama defensive line D.J. Pettway said.

"We practice different," he said. "We do more fast-paced stuff. I feel like
we're in pretty good shape. And the good thing is we get to rotate."

Yet Alabama can feel secure in a key advantage:  No team in the country can
match the Tide's depth along the defensive line.

Clemson's offensive front has been  a pleasant surprise. Only one starter
returned from last season, senior center Ryan Norton,  who has been slowed by
injuries. A freshman, Mitch Hyatt, has started at left tackle.

Despite the youth and inexperience, the Clemson line has stood tall against
Notre Dame, Florida State, Oklahoma and the rest, protecting  prized asset
Watson and opening lanes for sophomore running back Wayne Gallman.

Alabama's defensive front will provide a different test. Clemson sees this sort
of production each day in practice with its defensive line, which features an
All-America pick in junior end Shaq Lawson; Alabama's line is even better and
might very well be the key to a title for the Tide.

Said Clemson linebacker Ben Boulware: "There's going to be 11 guys in front of
us. We don't care what the name is on the back of their jersey. Our goal is to
beat them every snap."

Contributing: Daniel Uthman

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 26, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Wide-open West gives offenses room to roam

BYLINE: Steve Wieberg

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 18C

LENGTH: 581 words


Joe Tiller's roots are in Ohio and in the pounding, no-nonsense
style of football Woody Hayes espoused.

"I'm a power football guy, given a choice," he says.

But at Wyoming, he isn't given one. The Cowboys and their coach
do as the rest of the Western Athletic Conference does, opening
the offensive throttle and throwing the ball all over the field,
hoping to outscore the opponents more than stop them.


And it isn't just they and the WAC who put up big numbers anymore.
Offense is almost an entire west-of-the-Rockies thing. Among the
25 most productive teams in college football this season are Oregon,
California and three others from the Pacific 10.

All told, the West is home to 12 of the nation's 16 highest-yield
offenses, eight of the top nine passing offenses -- and none of
the top 10 defenses.

By themselves, Idaho quarterback Ryan Fien and Wyoming's Josh
Wallwork have accounted for more offense (almost 419 and 415 yards
a game, respectively) than 83 of the 111 teams in the NCAA's
Division I-A.

"It's a mind-set in the West," says Tiller, who traces it to
California's liberal leanings and its influence on the rest of
the region.

"California's just a little different than the rest of the country,"
he says. "So's the West, as far as the style of football. . .
. It's more free-spirited."

In some cases, it's a matter of survival. WAC teams, smaller,
lighter and not as deeply talented as more pedigreed programs
to the east, saw the pass as an equalizer. LaVell Edwards might
have been the first to open things when he became coach at Brigham
Young in 1972. At Wyoming, the Cowboys were acquainted with the
one-back offense when Dennis Erickson came and went in 1986.

Competitiveness is still an issue. Edwards and BYU won a fairy-tale
national championship in 1984. But since then, Western teams (counting
Colorado, even though the Buffaloes played in the Big Eight) have
totaled only 18 finishes in the Top 10 of either major poll, an
average of less than two a season.

For all the offensive pyrotechnics, the latest USA TODAY/CNN coaches'
poll has no Western team higher than No. 12 Arizona State. In
The Associated Press media rankings, the Sun Devils are No. 6
and the region's only team in the top 11.

Tiller's Cowboys, averaging more than 523 yards and 42 points
a game, are 4-0 but unranked after beating Idaho, Iowa State,
Hawaii and Air Force. Their defense has surrendered 430 yards
and more than 24 points a game and is among seven in the WAC that
rank among the bottom 18 in the nation.

Tiller, a native of Toledo, Ohio, and a one-time defensive coordinator
at Purdue, admits he's yet to grow comfortable with the style.
"But you get used to it after awhile," he says.

"One thing I like about it is that you're never out of it,"
he says. "A 14-point deficit is something that was almost impossible
to overcome in bygone years."

In today's wild, wild West, it's merely a starting point.

Costly schedule: Nebraska's assimilation into the new Big 12 might
have been costly. With that came a shuffling of the 'Huskers'
schedule, which left them with only one game in the season's first
three weeks, which coach Tom Osborne cited in the wake of Saturday's
loss to Arizona State. "I don't know if it would have made any
difference in the way the game went, but I think we'd have been
a little more competitive if we'd played at least one more time,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 5, 2004 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Danger lurks for NU

BYLINE: BRIAN ROSENTHAL, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 584 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


But Washington says Blackshirts can stop Texas Tech's offense, just like OU did

Fabian Washington enjoys having the spotlight on Nebraska's defense.

He wants the challenge of facing a pass-happy offense.

Washington will have both wishes come true Saturday night.

That's when Nebraska travels to Lubbock, Texas, to face the nation's most
dangerous passing attack in Texas Tech, which averages 423 yards per game. Red
Raiders quarterback Sonny Cumbie has already attempted 293 passes in four games.

"I'm very excited," Washington said. "We haven't really went against a team
that's going to throw the ball basically every down. I just feel like there's
more opportunities to get interceptions."

That's one way of looking at it.

You could also argue that Texas Tech's offense, which ranks fifth nationally
overall, is so productive that, despite Nebraska's defensive efforts, it may be
too much for the Huskers' sputtering offense to match in a potential shootout.

Wait a second, said Washington.

"If you look at the score they had (Saturday), I don't think that was a
shootout," Washington said, referring to Texas Tech's 28-13 loss at Oklahoma.
"And I think our defense can do the same thing to them that OU did."

Oklahoma allowed 369 passing yards to the RedRaiders but only one touchdown.
Nebraska enters the game allowing an average of 198 passing yards per game and
has the nation's fifth-best defense overall.

"We just go out and do what we're supposed to do. Stop other offenses," said
Washington, who leads Nebraska with three interceptions. "And I think we've done
a pretty good job of that."

It's the main reason Nebraska has managed a 3-1 record. Defensive coordinator
Kevin Cosgrove's unit kept Kansas out of the end zone in a 14-8 victory Saturday
night, and the Blackshirts haven't allowed a touchdown in the first half of any
game this season.

As Nebraska's offense continues to find itself, can the defense keep shouldering
the load?

"Yeah, definitely, because Coach Cos and Coach (Phil) Elmassian, they're going
to put us in the best situations to stop offenses," Washington said. "They game
plan all week and they correct our mistakes in practice so we won't have a lot
of mistakes in a game."

Linebacker Stewart Bradley, who had a career-high 12 tackles against Kansas,
said the Blackshirts won't face any added pressure in facing Texas Tech's spread
offense. Actually, stopping the Red Raiders' running game is still the No. 1
goal in Bradley's book.

"Even Texas Tech, you've got to go in thinking, 'Stop the run, stop the run,'"
Bradley said, "because if they can run for 200 yards, why throw the ball? That's
our main focus against any team we play."

Cumbie has thrown 11 interceptions - as many as Nebraska quarterback Joe Dailey.
Cumbie has also attempted 175 more passes than Dailey. He's completed 60.8
percent of his passes for 2,085 yards and 11 touchdowns.

"I need to throw the ball better," Cumbie said at Monday's weekly Texas Tech
press conference. "I need to throw over people and into open lanes."

Nebraska, incidentally, is the only Big 12 Conference team Texas Tech has never
defeated. If the Huskers are to keep that streak alive, they'll likely need
another stellar defensive effort.

"They are a very aggressive defense,"Cumbie said. "They are well-coached and
they play their technique very well. They are a talented, typical Nebraska
defense. We will have our hands full and we will really have to play well this
weekend."

Reach Brian Rosenthal at 473-7436 or brosenthal@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1, 2, 3. Texas Tech quarterback Sonny Cumbie (middle photo)is the
triggerman for the nation's leading passing offense (423 yards a game). But
Nebraska defensive backs Daniel Bullocks (above)and Fabian Washington (right
photo)relish the challenge the Blackshirts will face Saturday night when they
play the Red Raiders in a nationally televised game in Lubbock, Texas. ERIC
GREGORY/Lincoln Journal Star, LM OTERO The Associated Press, WILLIAM LAUER
Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 12, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Three-pointers make their mark

BYLINE: David DuPree

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 1046 words


Here it is folks, all you need to know about the three-point shot
-- at least for the time being:

Don't blame it on the bomb: Scoring is down five points
a game from last season, but three-point shooting is providing
the largest pecentage of offense ever. Teams are averaging 94.3
points a game, with 17.6 coming off three-pointers. That's 18.7%
of the offense.

Comparing this season with the last four seasons in average points
scored, points produced from three-pointers and percent of the
offense as a result of three-pointers:

Season     PPG   Points from threes    % of offense from threes
1996-97    94.3      17.6                     18.7
1995-96    99.5      17.7                     17.8
1994-95   101.4      16.5                     16.3
1993-94   101.5       9.9                      9.8

Note: The big increase between the 1993-94 and 94-95 seasons is
because the three-point line moved closer to the basket.

Mookie, Mookie, Mookie: Atlanta's Mookie Blaylock is trying
and making more three-pointers a game than anyone. But you can't
have everything -- he isn't in the top 20 in percentage.

                          3-pt.                                  3-pt.
Player                    FGM         Player                      FGA
1. Mookie Blaylock, Atl.  3.3         1. Mookie Blaylock, Atl.    8.1
2. Dale Ellis, Den.       2.8         2. Nick Anderson, Orl.      7.5
3. Joe Dumars, Det.       2.6         3. Dale Ellis, Den.         7.4
4. Dan Majerle, Mia.      2.5         4. Dan Majerle, Mia.        7.1
   Nick Anderson, Orl.    2.5         5. Damon Stoudamire, Tor.   6.6
   Walt Williams, Tor.    2.5

The team game: The Detroit Pistons, with Joe Dumars and
Terry Mills making a combined 56% of their three-pointers (93
of 167), are on pace to obliterate the team record for three-point
percentage. The Pistons have made 45.6% of their three-pointers.
The record is 40.7%, set by the Washington Bullets last season.

The Houston Rockets lead the league in three-pointers made (8.0)
and attempted (23.2) a game. The Miami Heat, however, get the
largest portion of their their offense (25.7%) from the three-pointer.

The Minnesota Timberwolves make the fewest (3.45); the Utah Jazz
take the fewest (10.32); the Milwaukee Bucks get the smallest
portion of their offense (11.1%) from threes, and the San Antonio
Spurs are the worst three-point-shooting team, making only 28.2%.

The team-by-team list shows how each of the 29 teams fares in
three-pointers a game, with average number made and attempted
per game, percent of offense from three-point shots and three-point
percentage. The teams are listed alphabetically, with league ranking
in each category in parentheses:

             3-FGM       3-FGA     % of offense     3-FG%
Atlanta      7.15 (7)    19.75 (4)    24.2 (4)      36.2 (10)
Boston       4.94 (23)   14.61 (22)   15.6 (23)     33.8 (22)
Charlotte    7.37 (5)    17.32 (14)   23.4 (5)      42.6 (2)
Chicago      5.95 (15)   16.30 (17)   17.4 (17)     36.5 (9)
Cleveland    6.05 (14)   15.26 (20)   20.8 (11)     39.7 (4)
Dallas       5.32 (19)   16.53 (16)   16.8 (20)     32.2 (26)
Denver       6.71 (8)    18.67 (8)    21.5 (8)      36.0 (14)
Detroit      7.89 (3)    17.32 (14)   25.5 (2)      45.6 (1)
Golden State 5.90 (16)   15.81 (18)   17.8 (16)     37.3 (7)
Houston      8.00 (1)    23.20 (1)    23.1 (6)      34.5 (19)
Indiana      5.17 (20)   14.33 (23)   16.7 (21)     36.0 (11)
LA Clippers  4.43 (25)   12.71 (25)   14.8 (25)     34.8 (17)
LA Lakers    6.52 (10)   17.70 (10)   20.3 (13)     36.9 (8)
Miami        7.95 (2)    21.10 (2)    25.7 (1)      36.0 (12)
Milwaukee    3.63 (28)   10.26 (28)   11.1 (29)     35.4 (15)
Minnesota    3.45 (29)   11.40 (26)   11.4 (28)     30.3 (28)
New Jersey   5.60 (17)   17.40 (13)   17.9 (15)     32.2 (25)
New York     5.42 (18)   14.16 (24)   17.0 (18)     38.3 (5)
Orlando      6.24 (12)   18.29 (9)    21.3 (9)      34.1 (21)
Philadelphia 7.16 (6)    19.16 (5)    22.1 (7)      37.4 (6)
Phoenix      4.84 (24)   15.63 (19)   15.2 (240     31.0 (27)
Portland     6.67 (9)    19.14 (6)    20.6 (12)     34.8 (18)
Sacramento   3.71 (27)   10.86 (27)   12.3 (26)     34.2 (20)
San Antonio  4.95 (22)   17.53 (11)   17.0 (18)     28.2 (29)
Seattle      6.27 (11)   19.05 (7)    18.2 (14)     32.9 (24)
Toronto      7.50 (4)    20.85 (3)    24.8 (3)      36.0 (13)
Utah         4.11 (26)   10.32 (29)   12.2 (27)     39.8 (3)
Vancouver    6.14 (13)   17.43 (12)   21.3 (9)      35.2 (16)
Washington   5.06 (21)   15.00 (21)   16.1 (22)     33.7 (23)

If it ain't a three, it's too close: Four players are hitting
more than 50% of their three-point attempts, and three of them
are shooting better from three-point range than from closer to
the basket.

                  Overall FG%     3-pt. FG%
Joe Dumars, Det.     52.3           58.8
Rex Walters, Phi.    46.2           52.5
Terry Mills, Det.    48.6           52.4
John Stockton, Utah  54.7           51.0



LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Mark Duncan, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Roberto Borea, AP; League
leader: Hawks guard Mookie Blaylock, center, averages 3.3 three-pointers and 8.1
three-point attempts a game. Terry Mills: Could set team record with Joe Dumars.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 27, 1995, Friday, Final Edition

Terrapins Picking at Offense; Recent Small Numbers Mean Big Problems

David Nakamura, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 708 words


Maryland football coach Mark Duffner calls his offense the "Red Storm" -- and
with good reason, considering the gaudy statistics the attack has posted. But
last Saturday, in the Terrapins' most important game in years, the offense was
shut out in a 17-0 loss to Clemson. More alarming, the offense looked sluggish
for the third straight game.

After averaging 33.3 points in the first four games of the season, Maryland's
offense has scored a total of 12 points in the past three.

"I feel like a caged lion right now," offensive coordinator Dan Dorazio said.
"I'll tell you one thing: We will turn this thing around."

The Terrapins have four games left to do so, beginning with Saturday's
nonconference matchup at Louisville. At 5-2 (3-2 in the Atlantic Coast
Conference), the Terrapins believe two victories in their final four games
(including North Carolina State, Virginia and Florida State) will earn them a
bowl bid.

With the defense playing solidly and consistently, the offense suddenly has felt
the onus. It's an unusual position for that unit, which has racked up impressive
results the past three years under Dorazio's run-and-shoot scheme.

In the first four games this year, the offense was producing at a brisk pace
under sophomore quarterback Brian Cummings, who had assumed the starting job in
the wake of senior Scott Milanovich's four-game suspension for gambling on
college sports. Although Cummings didn't put up huge passing numbers, the
Terrapins' once-dormant running game came to life with the sophomore running
back tandem of Buddy Rodgers and Brian Underwood.

But when Milanovich returned in Week 5 and started against Georgia Tech on Sept.
28, things soured quickly. Milanovich completed 32 of 51 passes for 352 yards,
but the running game was shut down in a 31-3 loss. With six sacks of Milanovich
factored into the rushing total, the Terrapins netted an embarrassing minus-30
yards on 24 attempts against the Yellow Jackets.

Since then, the offense has struggled mightily. And when Cummings failed to
produce against Clemson, it seemed that the offensive woes were more complex
than simply which quarterback was in the game.

"When two quarterbacks were available, that's when we started going downhill,"
said Cummings, who will start against Louisville. "But that's also when teams
started changing their [defensive] schemes against us. So I really wouldn't put
anything on the quarterback situation."

Georgia Tech used a scheme Maryland had not seen all season. Dorazio said the
Yellow Jackets blitzed on about 30 percent of the Terrapins' 75 plays, which
disrupted their rhythm.

It didn't help that Maryland's young offensive line played that game without
starting left tackle Darryl Gilliam, who has been hampered with a leg injury.
Redshirt freshman John Feugill has filled in for Gilliam.

"They're still learning some lessons," Dorazio said of the offensive line. "They
try hard, but they're learning. They're a young group right now. They have a
ways to go yet." The line's lack of production has left the running game in
shambles. After the Georgia Tech fiasco, the Terrapins gained 51 rushing yards
in a 9-6 victory over lowly Wake Forest, then netted 36 rushing yards on 29
attempts against Clemson.

This has caused Dorazio, who calls nearly all of Maryland's offensive plays, to
second-guess himself.

"I almost think we maybe should have ran the ball more last week," he said. "I
didn't appear to do so well, so maybe we needed to run more. Looking back on it,
maybe we should have. That's been an afterthought."

That Maryland didn't get any big plays against Clemson bothers Dorazio. He
reviewed the tape of the Clemson game and noted four pass plays that should have
been big gains -- possibly touchdowns -- but weren't: overthrown deep balls to
receivers Richie Roberts and Jermaine Lewis; a slip by receiver Mancel Johnson
on a deep pass; and a pump-and-go to Lewis that failed when the offensive line
allowed Cummings to get sacked.

"It's really, really frustrating," Dorazio said. "You look at the tape and you
see plays that could be had that aren't had. In the past we've made them. It's
momentum. Once you make a big play, other plays start following."

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           December 17, 2005 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

COLLEGE FOOTBALL: GEORGIA: Defensive chief wary of W. Va. spread

BYLINE: D. ORLANDO LEDBETTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 517 words


Athens --- The notion that the spread offense can't work against SEC defenses
appeared to be validated when spread-master Urban Meyer altered Florida's attack
midway through the season.

The rationale behind such thinking is that SEC schools have too much speed to be
spread out and exposed for huge chunks of yardage.

Georgia defensive coordinator Willie Martinez, who welcomed his unit back to
practice for the Sugar Bowl on Friday, doesn't subscribe to that superior speed
theory. Georgia is set to face West Virginia's spread offense on Jan. 2 at the
Georgia Dome.

"A lot of it has to do with the quarterback," Martinez said. "I'm not taking
away anything from anybody, but since Pat White has become the starter, you can
see their offense has picked it up."

White, a freshman quarterback from Daphne, Ala., split time with Adam Bednarik
early in the season before taking over full-time. White has rushed for more than
100 yards the past three games and guided the Mountaineers to a 10-1 record.

"It's hard to prepare for a running quarterback," Georgia safety Greg Blue said.
"We're going to have to get off blocks to get to him."

Florida's Chris Leak, a dropback passer under Ron Zook, appeared uncomfortable
in Meyer's spread attack. After moving back to a more conventional offense, Leak
reverted to his old form.

The way Florida and Meyer had to tinker with the offense because of Leak's
talents gives more credence to Martinez's conclusion that the spread has to be
driven by the proper quarterback.

In the spread offense, the goal is to stretch the field horizontally, then find
a seam or crease to expose in the defense.

"It's a very good offense," Martinez said. "It's not a complicated offense. They
understand how to stretch a defense."

Martinez has to convince his players, who have bought into the SEC speed theory,
that the spread is dangerous.

The Sugar Bowl could turn into a big speed trap for the Bulldogs.

"They will be able to run the ball, but I don't think they'll be able to run it
as good as they have before," cornerback DeMario Minter said. "It's just a lot
more speed in the SEC."

The Bulldogs said they haven't faced a quarterback in the SEC with White's
running ability.

"It's very similar to [former Arkansas star] Matt Jones," Martinez said. "When
you're defending Matt Jones, there is a guy there to defend him. He's the
quarterback's player, but he can't make the tackle."

Some of the Bulldogs compared White to one of their teammates.

"He reminds me of D.J. Shockley when he gets in the open field with just the
moves that he makes," Minter said.

White has plenty of help from running back Steve Slaton, a freshman who's rushed
for 924 yards. The Mountaineers average 262.5 yards rushing, fifth in the
nation. Also, fullback Owen Schmitt is solid.

"They are one of the best combination of runners that we've seen," Minter said.

West Virginia's passing attack is ranked 115th in the nation, but the running
game is so strong that Georgia is concerned about play-action passes.

"That's a little bit misleading if you look at their passing percentage, which
is 62 percent," Martinez said.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: SPECIALGeorgia defensive coordinator Willie Martinez says West
Virginia freshman quarterback Pat White's running skills are formidable.
Graphic: NEXT FOR GEORGIA * Who: West Virginia (10-1) * When; where: 8:30 p.m.
Jan. 2; Georgia Dome * TV: ABC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            October 9, 2007 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Depleted Colts cut up Buccaneers; Missing starters not a problem for 5-0 team

BYLINE: Chris Harry, The Orlando Sentinel

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S7

LENGTH: 550  words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS


INDIANAPOLIS - The depleted defending champions did not look any different than
the full-strength version on Sunday.

Ask the depleted Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

The Indianapolis Colts did not have receiver Marvin Harrison, running back
Joseph Addai, safety Bob Sanders and two other starters. Unfortunately for the
Bucs, the Colts did have Peyton Manning, who put on a clinic in a 33-14 rout.

"I think he's the best," Tampa Bay cornerback Ronde Barber said. "We've been
beaten handily before, but he just dissects you."

Manning completed 29 of his 37 passes (78.3%) for 253 yards and two touchdowns.
He's had better across-the-board numbers, but the way the reigning Super Bowl
MVP kept the defence off balance also allowed backup tailback Kenton Keith to
rush for 121 yards and two touchdowns.

"He showed how patient he could be," Bucs linebacker Derrick Brooks said.

And how efficient an offence could be against a fifth-ranked defence that played
very well through the first month.

In remaining one of the league's four unbeaten teams, the Colts (5-0) finished
with 400 yards of total offence, ran nearly twice as many plays as the Bucs (77
to 40) and converted 12 of 16 third-down opportunities.

"We couldn't get their offence off the field," Tampa Bay middle linebacker
Barrett Ruud said.

Meanwhile, the Bucs (3-2) couldn't keep their offence on it. Tampa Bay's first
three series ended in three-and-outs, which is a doomsday scenario against a
player like Manning, especially on the road. The Bucs finished with just 177
yards of offence and only 17 rushing yards.

But they also finished the day in a first-place tie with Carolina, which was the
silver lining to the team's first loss since a season-opening defeat at Seattle.

"A lot of teams got their butts kicked today and a lot of teams will get their
butts kicked next week," Bucs Coach Jon Gruden said. "There's a lot to be
decided."

That includes on the personnel front. A week after losing tailback Carnell
'Cadillac' Williams and offensive left tackle Luke Petitgout to season-ending
knee injuries, the Bucs lost starting running back Michael Pittman to a severe
ankle sprain. He could miss up to two months.

Pittman, the club's second-leading rusher and best receiving option out of the
backfield, was carted off the field in the second half as Tampa Bay's bench --
in what is becoming a recurring (and depressing) ritual-- ran onto to the field
to support a fallen teammate.

"We've got some serious injuries that are certainly going to cause us to make
some adjustments," Gruden said.

A good blueprint to work from would be the Colts, who didn't seem any worse for
wear despite missing five starters.

Then again, they had a significant equalizer.

"Number 18 was still there," Barber said.

Manning threw a 10-yard touchdown on a middle screen to tight end Dallas Clark
and a 9-yard touchdown to Reggie Wayne to open the fourth quarter. The latter
play topped off the work from a third quarter in which the Bucs ran three plays
for five yards to the Colts' 23 plays for 136 yards.

"We had a lot of different guys step up," Manning said.

Now, the Bucs will need to do the same. Injuries happen, but games still have to
be played. Plus it could be worse.

Like Gruden said: they're still in first place.

"We've got a good football team that's playing hard," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Black & White Photo: Brent Smith, Reuters; Reggie Wayne and the Indianapolis
Colts took care of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday, finishing with 400 yards
in offence to remain unbeaten. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Somali actor's criminal past snarls travels

BYLINE: MARK BRUNSWICK; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 347 words



HIGHLIGHT: Barkhad Abdi found fame as actor in "Captain Phillips," but past
criminal offenses have drawn scrutiny from immigration officials.


Minnesota actor Barkhad Abdi, who gained fame as a Somali pirate in the 2013
film "Captain Phillips," was stopped briefly by U.S. customs officials in
February while returning to the U.S. after accepting an award for his
performance overseas.

Abdi, 28, is a permanent legal resident in the U.S. and several previous
criminal offenses flagged him when he returned to the U.S., according to a local
federal source with knowledge of the case.

He faces a possible hearing this week with the U.S. Customs and Border
Protection, which stopped him after he returned from accepting the British
equivalent of the Oscar as a best supporting actor in the film. He was also
nominated for an Oscar.

One of the offenses was a drug arrest in August 2012 in Iowa for possession of
marijuana and khat. He has also been arrested on suspicion of credit card fraud
in North Dakota and Minnesota. While the arrests might be considered minor, any
sort of drug offense could result in immigration action against him, the source
said. But it is unlikely Abdi, who came to the U.S. at 14 from Somalia by way of
Yemen, would be deported because federal immigration authorities have shown
little appetite for making a move for any but the most serious offenses, the
source said.

Abdi, who is said to be splitting time between Los Angeles and Minneapolis,
could not be reached for comment. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection
regional office in Detroit did not return requests for comment.

Abdi, who answered an open call for his role as the lead Somali pirate in
"Captain Phillips," has never denied his past. In February, he told the Daily
Beast: "Our mistakes shape us. You make a mistake and it makes you a better
person. You learn from it. I wasn't a complete man."

It is unclear whether the current situation with federal authorities will have
an impact on some of his activities in Minnesota and in his acting career in
Hollywood. Abdi is slated to throw out the first pitch for the Minnesota Twins
home opener and is a pitchman for MNsure, the state's health insurance
marketplace.

Mark Brunswick · 612-673-4434

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     September 29, 1998 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Forget last season, this team is better Gaudy numbers support theory

BYLINE: By Adam Schefter, Denver Post Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-04

LENGTH: 776 words


The Broncos and their fans thought last season's team was as good as it gets.

Only this season's team might be better.

The Broncos are off to a 4-0 start, they have the league's leading rusher, the
league's leading passer, the AFC's leading receiving-yards leader, the league's
leading punter, the AFC's best red-zone offense, the best third-down offense,
seemingly everything but a player with 70 home runs.

Yet the Broncos believe this season could be another home run of record-setting
proportions, as their blazing start indicates. As Denver began forgetting about
the Washington Redskins and started thinking about the Philadelphia Eagles, some
Broncos said Monday that this year's team is every bit as good as last year's
Super Bowl-winning team, maybe even better.

"I think it is, I really do think it is," Broncos linebacker John Mobley said.
"We go out there and we feel like we can't lose. We don't need to lose. Nobody
out there's going to beat us if we have that state of mind."

Nobody has so far. Even with former Pro Bowl offensive tackle Gary Zimmerman
working his tree farm in Bend, Ore., even with future Hall-of-Fame quarterback
John Elway rehabbing his strained right hamstring, the Broncos have won on the
East Coast, the West Coast, in ways that made it look like they were coasting.

They have talent. They have depth. But just as important, they have confidence,
maybe more than any Broncos team has ever had.

"We get down to the game and we know the offense will do something or the
defense will do something," Mobley said. "Everything's just working together and
complementing each other. In that regard, it is a better team than last year's."

It is now to the point where the Broncos no longer need Elway to win. Bubby
Brister can do it, as he might have to Sunday if Elway is unable to play for the
second straight week. Asked if he ever thought that the Broncos could win a
38-16 road game without No. 7, Broncos tight end Shannon Sharpe shook his head.

"Probably not," Sharpe said. "But I didn't foresee Mike Shanahan coming here; I
didn't foresee Terrell Davis being here; I didn't foresee the schemes we have.
Before, we didn't have schemes that would allow a backup to win a game on the
road. For so long, John (Elway) was all we had. We really didn't have a running
game; we really didn't have the complementary receivers outside that John could
depend on. And the offensive line definitely wasn't like it is now, what it's
been the last three years. So a lot of things work in our favor."

The biggest factor this season has been their offense. Davis leads all rushers
with 489 yards and six touchdowns; Elway has a higher rating than any other
quarterback; Ed McCaffrey is leading the AFC with 332 receiving yards, and
Sharpe and Rod Smith rank among the top 15 AFC receivers.

"The offense speaks for itself," Broncos defensive tackle Mike Lodish said.
"That's the best offense in the league. Look up the numbers. They don't lie.
Jacksonville's got a pretty good offense. San Francisco's got a good offense.
But look at the numbers."

A quarter of the way through the season, with Brister playing extensively in
three of Denver's four games, the Broncos still are averaging 35.25 points per
game. This puts them on pace for an NFL-record 564 points. How impressive is
that? The Broncos' franchise record is 472, set last year. And, even more
impressive, the 1983 Redskins hold the all-time NFL single-season record with
541 points, a mark the Broncos could obliterate.

"If they don't get 30 points a game, something's wrong," Lodish said. "That's
the way Mike Shanahan thinks. That's what he tells us. If we're not getting 30
points a game on offense, we're not doing our job."

About the Broncos' offense, Denver safety Tyrone Braxton said: "They're
unbelievable. It's crazy. Whenever you can lose a Hall-of-Fame guy like Elway
and have the other guy step right in and lead you to 38 points, that's crazy. It
didn't look good for (Redskins defensive coordinator) Mike Nolan, did it?"

Nor does it look good for some of the opponents remaining on the Broncos
schedule, starting with Philadelphia on Sunday. With a win in last season's
Super Bowl, the Broncos transformed themselves from a giant into a confident
giant. Now they believe there's not a single team in the league, not Green Bay
nor San Francisco nor Kansas City, that should be able to beat them.

But they still need to prove they can win their final game of the season, as
last year's team did.

"Are we better than last year?" Lodish said. "I'll tell you in February. Then
we'll find out if we're really as good as last year or better."

LOAD-DATE: October 08, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Jaohn Leyba Bubby Brister has proved that the
Broncos can win without the NFL's highest-rated quarterback, John Elway.

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 19, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Jets' Offense Fails to Show for Cowboys Showdown

BYLINE: By TIMOTHY W. SMITH,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 8; Page 1; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1134 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Dec. 18


Right after Dallas had plastered the Jets to the turf of Giants Stadium, safety
Ronnie Lott was preaching togetherness in the New York locker room.

"I'm not going to do anything to fragment this team," Lott said. "Today, we lost
as a team. There are times when the offense has been a good defense for us and
there are times when the defense can do more to be a better offense for us. The
only thing we as a defense have to show for it today is we lost, 28-7."

It was a noble gesture and the right thing to say. But someone needs to take the
Jets' offense out back and teach it a lesson, especially after this afternoon's
fiasco before the largest home crowd of the year, 73,233, in a nationally
televised game.

At 8-6, the Jets' playoff hopes aren't over. But they will have to win their
last two games, at Buffalo and Houston, to have a shot at making the playoffs.

"We just put ourselves in a do-or-die situation over the last two weeks," said
Jets strong safety Brian Washington.

They're dead if they have to lug this offense through the last two games. The
Jets' offense scored more points in its 45-7 victory over New England in Week 3
than it has scored in the last five games combined (only 39). It entered the
game this afternoon with a touchdown drought that had spread over 14 quarters.

Two Streaks Come to an End

Before Dallas quarterback Troy Aikman and receiver Michael Irvin connected on a
42-yard touchdown pass play near the end of the first half, the Jets' defense
had held opponents out of the end zone for 211 minutes 33 seconds. That was an
amazing stretch. When fullback Brad Baxter scored on a 1-yard run in the fourth
quarter this afternoon, the Jets broke a stretch of 259 minutes 29 seconds that
the offense had gone without scoring a touchdown. That was a dismal string.

"Frustrating? I don't know if I would use that term," Jets center Jim Sweeney
said about the team's lack of prowess in touchdown production. "Concerned that
we're not doing our part is more like it. Our job is to put the ball in the end
zone. We're not having any problems between the 20's. But we just can't seem to
get it together after that."

The Cowboys, who moved to 10-4 and clinched a playoff berth, showed the Jets
that the best offense is still a great offense. The Jets' defense came up with
five turnovers and kept running back Emmitt Smith from running wild (91 yards on
20 carries and no touchdowns), but the Cowboys won on the strength of Aikman,
who threw two touchdown passes to Irvin to give Dallas a 14-0 lead late in the
third quarter.

Surprisingly, the Jets were still in the game at that point. But 51 seconds
later, Dallas cornerback Kevin Smith intercepted a pass by Jets quarterback
Boomer Esiason and returned it 32 yards for a touchdown to help make it 21-0.
Still, the Cowboys were not relying upon defensive scores to win. And that, in
essence, is the difference between the Jets and the Cowboys.

After the game was over, Coslet and Dallas Coach Jimmy Johnson engaged in a
heated exchange as the two were going to their respective locker rooms. Coslet
was upset that Johnson called a double-safety blitz that knocked Esiason out of
the game in the fourth quarter. Esiason was nailed by Dallas linebacker Ken
Norton and taken out with bruised ribs with 5:42 to play.

"We were trying to win the ball game," Johnson said. "The other team is trying
to score and we're trying to stop them. I haven't read the manual yet as far as
what defense we're supposed to play at the end of the game."

Esiason Assesses No Blame

Esiason, who completed 21 of 37 passes for 194 yards, no touchdowns and had one
intercepted, didn't criticize Johnson.

"Things like this are going to happen," Esiason said. "I hate to be the
recipient of it. But you have to be careful, because they have a very talented
quarterback on the other side that might feel the brunt of it somewhere down the
line. That's the way it's done in this league."

Esiason said that play did not cost the Jets the game. He's right. The Jets'
miserable offense contributed mightily to the cause all day long. The Jets'
offensive weapons weren't fired often. And when they were, they misfired.

Running back Johnny Johnson had 12 carries for 42 yards and fullback Brad Baxter
had 9 carries for 17 yards. There went the ball-control offense. Receiver Rob
Moore caught 7 seven passes for 69 yards, but after picking up 4 yards on a
third-and-2 play at the Dallas 34 he was stripped of the football by Kevin
Smith. And tight end Johnny Mitchell had two catches for just 16 yards. So much
for the big-play offense.

"I can't do nothing about that," Mitchell said when asked why more passes
weren't thrown his way. "It's out of my hands. We lost the game. That's all
there is to it."

One of the most demoralizing plays for the Jets came on their opening drive. On
fourth-and-1 at the Dallas 9, Coslet decided to go for it, because he
rationalized that the Jets weren't going to beat the Cowboys by kicking field
goals. The handoff went to Baxter, who had his feet taken out from under him by
Dallas defensive tackle Russell Maryland, who was prone underneath a pile.
Tackle Tony Casillas finished off the play for no gain.

The Jets' offense had been confident all week that it could move the ball and
score against the Cowboys. Despite this afternoon's lackluster performance, Jets
receiver Chris Burkett didn't see any reason why the offense's confidence should
be shaken.

"I hope we stay confident," Burkett said. "I hope we have arrogance as an
offense unit. If we don't, that's a sign that we've given up."



EXTRA POINTS

The afternoon got off to a weird start for Jets linebacker STEVE DeOSSIE , who
took a hard shot on the opening kickoff and became disoriented. DeOssie wandered
to the wrong side of the field -- the Dallas sideline -- and was over there on
the Cowboys' first play from scrimmage. The Jets were penalized 5 yards for
having too many men on the field. . . . Center JIM SWEENEY sprained his ankle
and cornerback CLIFFORD HICKS sprained his knee. Both are questionable for the
Buffalo game. Linebacker KYLE CLIFTON sprained his knee and is day-to-day. Other
players injured with no status given were quarterback BOOMER ESIASON (bruised
ribs), receiver ROB MOORE (sprained foot), tackle JEFF CRISWELL (strained back),
defensive tackle SCOTT MERSEREAU (sprained back), and tackle SIUPELI MALAMALA
(bruised shin). . . . Dallas receiver ALVIN HARPER was supposed to sit out this
game with a twisted knee. But after watching his backup, KEVIN WILLIAMS , who
had five receptions for 61 yards in the first half, Harper apparently decided he
had better get in the game. Harper had a 21-yard reception in the first half and
in the third quarter had a key 20-yard reception.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Cowboys' Michael Irvin, behind the Jets' Eric Thomas, leaping
to catch a touchdown pass by Troy Aikman late in the first half. (Vic
DeLucia/The New York Times)(pg. 1); Michael Irvin celebrating after he scored
his second touchdown against the Jets on a 3-yard pass from Troy Aikman in the
third quarter. Boomer Esiason kneeling on the ground after his ribs were bruised
during a play in the fourth quarter. (Photographs by Barton Silverman/The New
York Times)(pg. 3)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company
