
                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 27, 2015 Monday

BRIEF: Gibsonville Swim and Racquet Club wins diving championship

BYLINE: Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 196 words


July 27--Gibsonville Swim and Racquet Club narrowly won the diving portion of
the Alamance Swim and Dive Association diving championships Sunday afternoon at
Maynard Aquatic Center in Burlington.

The Gibsonville team posted 158 points to edge Olde Forest Racquet Club's 153.
Alamance Country Club was third with 115.

The host City of Burlington-Aquatic Center won the quality points championship
based on team and number of entrants.

Gibsonville Swim and Racquet Club entrants picked up first-place spots with
Daniel Cooper (boys' 15-18), Nathan Oakes (boys' 13-14), Grace Cooper (girls'
13-14), Lindsey Melton (girls' 11-12), Isley Morton (girls' 9-10) and Kennedy
Melton (girls' 7-8).

For Elon's Olde Forest Racquet Club, the winners were Walker Gagnon (girls'
15-18), Jeremy Wood (boys' 11-12) and G. Higgins (boys' 7-8).

Alamance Country Club's Sawyer Allen won the boys' 9-10 class, the Burlington
entry's Tustin Johnson claimed the boys' 6-and-under title and Mebane-based
Dogwood Swim Club's Elise Westbrook won in 6-and-under girls.

___ (c)2015 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150727-BT-BRF-Gibsonville-Swim-and-Racquet
-Club-wins-diving-championship-0727-20150727

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2015 Times-News


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 29, 1990, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

RACQUET CLUB'S STAYING POWER MIRRORS PRO'S LOVE OF THE GAME

BYLINE: Ron Cobb

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1414 words


This is another in a series of columns on indoor tennis clubs in the St.
Louisarea.  As part owner and manager of Creve Coeur Racquet and Paddle Club for
all of its 22 years, Larry Miller has been to some extent a salesman, selling
people on tennis.  A roster of 2,500 indoor members is evidence that he has done
the job well.  But selling people on the club never has been as formidable a
task as he faced when he was 21 and had to sell his wife and mother on the
notion that he could make a living with a tennis racket in his hand.  Miller,
57, was one of the best players in St. Louis, but he wasn't good enough to
compete among the elite few pros who earned money on a barnstorming tour. His
other option was to teach tennis. So he quit a low-paying job and accepted Allan
Carvell's offer in 1954 to replace him as pro at the old Armory on Market
Street.  To Miller's mother, who would tell him, ''All you want to do is play,''
this was just another example of Larry being Larry.  His wife, Mary, also was
skeptical. It was bad enough that when they were dating, Larry often was late to
pick her up because of some tennis match, and now he wanted to stake their
future on this game.  So Miller had something to prove, and over the next few
years he taught lessons at the Armory, Shaw Park, Triple A Club, Mary Institute,
Sunset Country Club, Bath and Tennis Club and at other schools, clubs,
subdivisions and private courts all over St. Louis. ''If someone would call from
Timbuktu, I'd go there to give lessons,'' he said.  In the early days, he
designated Monday as his day off from his main club job, but typically on that
day he would teach a private lesson at Shaw Park from 8 to 9 a.m., a group
lesson from 9 until noon, go to Triple A to play a match, teach a family at its
private court from 3 to 6 p.m., and give lessons at a subdivision until dark.
''I finally got to know my kids because they'd come to where I was teaching,''
he said. ''My wife put up with a lot in those days.'' Tennis wasn't an easy sell
back then. Miller recalled that at Sunset Country Club, he would go down to the
swimming pool, reach in and grab kids as they swam by and take them hostage to
the tennis courts.  ''I'd get eight or 10 and play them for Cokes,'' he said.
''I'd always let them win, and then they'd come back the next day. Otherwise
they'd never go near the tennis courts.'' Bouncing around from court to court
and winter job to summer job convinced Miller of the need for an indoor-outdoor
club where he could stay put.  One day in the early 1960s, he was at the
Cheshire Inn entertaining potential investors in such a club when he spotted the
restaurant's owner, Steve Apted, across the room.  Miller went over to say
hello, and during the conversation, Apted said he'd been thinking about building
an indoor-outdoor club.  Miller told him, ''Have you been listening to our
conversation?'' He and Apted pursued the deal together, but getting financing
was hard because they wanted to build the club in a residential rather than an
industrial area. At one point Apted stepped aside in favor of George Capps as
the major investor, but eventually it was Apted who clinched the deal that
resulted in St. Louis' first indoor-outdoor club. They bought 15 acres on Conway
Road at $5,800 an acre - land that Miller says is now worth $250, 000 an acre.
Creve Coeur opened in June 1968, and that winter St. Louis' first indoor-only
tennis clubs opened - Northwest and St. Louis Indoor, both of which no longer
exist.  Three months before Creve Coeur opened, all the full memberships were
reserved. The club started with five indoor courts, and Miller recalled that 90
percent of the court time was sold from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m., seven days a week.
The original club also included nine outdoor courts and an outdoor pool.  Since
then six indoor and six outdoor courts have been added.  ''It took a lot of guts
on Steve Apted's part to put up the money,'' Miller said, ''because it was the
first in St. Louis, and there was no way of knowing it would do as well as it
did. He had the foresight to make it nicer than I probably would have asked for.
It's been a winner since the day we opened it.'' For years, Miller taught a
group of as many as 65 youngsters known as Larry's Army. About two years ago,
the army was broken into smaller groups, called now by such names as Challenger
Class, Superstars, Super Eight and Future Stars.  ''I don't know how long I'll
be teaching tennis,'' he said, ''but junior-wise it's about time for me to bow
out.'' The brunt of the junior development is done by his son Mike, the head
pro, and staff members Todd Hammonds, Cindy Schneider Cohan and Bob Ziervogel,
along with a few non-salaried pros.  For the last seven years, Larry Miller has
been an avid golfer, stealing away to work on his game at every opportunity. But
recently he has come back to tennis and is enjoying the game recreationally
again.  ''I don't know what I would've done if I didn't have tennis,'' he said.
''I've never regretted being in the tennis business. It's been a good job, but
it's not just going out and playing tennis. I had days when I had 20 half-hour
lessons in a row, and I'd skip lunch until I developed stomach problems and the
doctor told me not to do it.  ''But it's been a thrill coming to the club every
day. Tennis has been extremely good to me.''

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 2, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

From Leg Lifts to 'Later' on First Day of New Year

BYLINE: By ALESSANDRA STANLEY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1008 words


On New Year's Day, some people make resolutions. Others act on them. The latter
species could be found in the New York Health and Racquet Club on West 56th
Street and one of the few fitness centers open in the New York metropolitan
region. While the weaker-willed made vows to eat right and get fit over one last
Bloody Mary or burger, gladiators of the 1990's sweated in the New Year.

"Unfortunately, this place was open," said Lorraine Noel, who, wearing a black
leotard, stood outside a packed and vigorous step aerobic class, one of a small
crowd of compulsives impatiently waiting for the 1 o'clock session. "Actually, I
was hoping all the clubs would be closed, so I'd have an excuse." Ms. Noel, a
secretary, had made a resolution for 1992 that was shared by virtually everyone
in that seven-floor, 45,000-square-foot mirror-and-steel temple of tautness. "I
just want to keep doing what I am doing, exercise every day and stay healthy."

The 'Weekend Warriors'

Guilt-ridden gourmands in New Jersey flocked to Bally's Holiday Fitness Center,
a health spa at Quaker Bridge Mall in Lawrenceville. "We're seeing our share of
weekend warriors today," said Kevin T. McClain, the assistant manager, who spent
the day guiding dozens of potential clients on an open house of his gym. "With
all the holiday food, the cookies and the extra poundage, you've got a lot of
people with New Year's resolutions to lose weight."

On the second floor of the Manhattan spa, 20 men and women stood astride 20
electronic stair-climbing machines aligned in a row, their legs pumping up and
down like pistons on a giant engine, each marching to the beat of a different
Walkman headset. It looked like a scene from the high-impact 80's, young bankers
and lawyers completely absorbed in their bodies.

But the club's manager, Matthew Stevens, pointed out a new 90's spirit of
philanthropy in the spa.

"The $10 fee for the step aerobic class will go to City of Hope," he explained
proudly. City of Hope is a nonprofit medical research and treatment center.

Robin Malsky, a lawyer in black lace-trimmed bicycle shorts and a muscle
T-shirt, stood on one leg, bending the other behind her back in a hurdler's
stretch as she expertly eyed the crowded weight room. "These are the real
die-hard workout-o-holics," she said approvingly. With a less benevolent eye,
she stared at an unfamiliar face and added, "and a few resolutionists -- this is
their only time in here all year."

Philip Botwinick sat at a rowing machine and pondered his horizons in 1992,
clear-eyed after an alcohol-free New Year's Eve. "I'd like to be doing free
weights by the end of the year," he said. Mr. Botwinick, a systems analyst from
Queens who weighs 150 pounds, has a goal. "I want to lose 10 pounds," he said.

Goals to Reach, but Later

That was exactly what Rick Jacobs was thinking, only he was doing so over a
cheeseburger and fries at Mickey Mantle's, a sports bar and restaurant on
Central Park South. "I am too fat," he confided cheerfully.  Mr. Jacobs, a
soccer coach at St. Benedict's Preparatory School, a boy's high school in
Newark, explained his game plan, which included basketball and low-fat foods --
but later. "The diet doesn't start until after New Year's," he said.

Many who had ducked into Mickey Mantle's to escape the chill and glaring
sunlight of the streets talked of wanting to lose weight or quit smoking. But
not Mohammad Kamel Jalallar, a 30-year-old artist from Afghanistan, who sat at
the bar, sipping beer while listening to Turkish folk songs on a Walkman with
four packs of cigarettes -- Newports, Marlboros, Parliaments and Dorals -- piled
in front of him. "Quit smoking? Never." he said. "I like to smoke many brands."
He had no New Year's resolutions, but happily predicted world peace for 1992.

A Sense of Times Square

Cheery thoughts were not warming Alan Pomorantz, who stood bundled in a hat and
muffler in a long movie line to buy a ticket for "the Inner Circle," a movie
about Stalin's film projectionist. He said he was very eager to see the film. "I
am interested in oppressive situations," he said, perhaps because he is a
lawyer. His only New Year's resolution was to take in another movie that
evening.

Along Fifth Avenue, the streets were jammed with people window shopping and
gawking at the sights of Manhattan. Many, like Russ Horner and Nicole Lyons,
were visiting from out of town. Mr. Horner and Ms. Lyons, both from Virginia,
were still recovering from their 10-minute sampling of Times Square on New
Year's Eve. Prudently, they had gone there at 10 P.M. "After 10 minutes, you got
the feeling of it," said Mr. Horner, who said he saw swarms of police officers,
screaming, jostling crowds, and a young woman relieving herself on the sidewalk.
"I knew it would be louder and more festive at midnight, but we still got a
pretty good sense of what it is like."

Protesters Get Early Start

They returned to Times Square the next morning, bracing themselves to walk
through the revelers' wreckage, expecting broken glass, trash and worse on the
streets. "It was clean and empty -- you would never have known anything had gone
on there the night before," Ms. Lyons said with wonder. "It was pretty
impressive."

By high noon in Times Square, in fact, workers had swept the streets, and police
officers had long packed away their blue barricades.

The streets were relatively empty and silent, save for a small group of Indians
from South America, who did not waste any time in this year in protesting the
500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus's voyage to the New World.

Standing on West 43d Street, banging drums and whooping war cries, the
non-revelers held up banners calling for support for indigenous Americans. One
protester, Carlos Eden, said he was one of only 18 surviving members of the
Kaweskar people, a nomadic tribe from Tierra del Fuego in Chile. He said that
because of what Columbus had done to the Indians in 1492, his resolution for
1992 was to discover New York.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: "These are the real die-hard workout-o-holics," said Robin
Malsky, who stretched yesterday morning before her aerobics class at the New
York Health and Racquet Club on West 56th Street.; "The diet doesn't start until
after New Year's," said Rick Jacobs, in cap, as he ate a cheeseburger and fries
at Mickey Mantle's, a sports bar and restaurant on Central Park South. (pg. B1);
"Unfortunately, this place was open," said Lorraine Noel, who stood outside an
aerobics class at the New York Health and Racquet Club on West 56th Street
waiting for the 1 o'clock session to begin. "Actually, I was hoping all the
clubs would be closed, so I'd have an excuse." (pg. B4) (Photographs by Edward
Keating/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Campbell handball courts, players making a racket without the rackets

BYLINE: Chris Vongsarath, Campbell Reporter, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 885 words


Sept. 16--All it took was a little rubber ball and a few concrete walls to turn
a couple of local handball players into two of the best in the country.

Among the best kept secrets in the Orchard City are the community center's
handball courts. Throughout the week, players regularly show up for pick-up
games, while the weekend sees dozens of players arrive from as far as Fresno and
Sacramento.

Funny that a few slabs of concrete can be so hard to come by, but the truth is
there just aren't too many places in the Bay Area that have a facility on par
with Campbell's. The community center boasts a couple of lighted three-wall
handball courts and a single-wall court, making it an ideal venue for players of
all sorts.

Out of that bunch came a couple of players who found success recently at the
United States Handball Association's three-wall national tournament near Toledo,
Ohio. One player took home singles and doubles national titles in the
65-and-over age group, while another finished second overall in the singles
35-and-over division.

Perhaps in the best shape of his life, 68-year-old Bob Braine swears that
handball has kept him at the peak of fitness even though he is in his seventh
decade. He plays quite often at the community center courts, using it as a
training ground for local, regional and national competitions.

That's where he met Campbell resident Raul Jasso, a handball convert of 10 years
after playing racquetball for much of his life.

Competing in his first national competition, the 36-year-old came in unseeded
and finished second in his age group.

Both men are quick to point out that their achievements can be credited to where
they practice and play three times a week. A lot of their skills were developed
at the community center, where the competition is among the best in the Bay
Area.

Jasso went so far as to say it's the best in Northern California, while Braine
acknowledges that he would not have won national titles training anywhere else.

"The courts are exactly like at nationals, so it means that I have courts that
I'll be competing with," Braine said. "You get a feel for the court, when it's
going to go off the side or when it's going to bounce off the wall.

"It's a shame--almost no place else can you find a [handball] wall."

Bob Kass, the city's public works director, likens the popularity of the
handball courts to that of the basketball courts at Campbell Park, which are
also known for attracting players from all over the area. The handball courts
were built in 2005 and they've been popular ever since.

"As soon as the courts were built, word got out that they were high-quality
regulation courts and it started to develop a following," Kass said.

Braine, who lives in San Jose, has been playing handball since his days as a kid
growing up in New York. After moving west, he regained interest in the sport in
the 1990s and started training for competition.

It was over the Labor Day weekend when he finally captured national titles after
eight years of competing nationally. The achievement was such a surprise that
Braine still couldn't grasp it all even a week later.

He said he entered the tournament focused on helping his doubles partner add to
his 10 national titles and had little interest in singles competition. But after
defeating the tournament favorite in the singles quarterfinals, he knew he had a
distinct advantage over the other players. Braine, a cancer survivor who lists
speed and stamina as his best attributes, said he just "wore them to the
ground."

Handball is arguably an obscure sport, but the little-known game is a total body
workout that's physically demanding at any age. The concept is easy to learn.
Using your hands, smack the ball against the wall before it bounces twice on the
ground. If that happens, the opponent gets a point.

The game has appeal because of its simplicity and unique skill set. It doesn't
require rackets like tennis and racquetball, and it forces you to use your
entire body.

"You become ambidextrous at one point, and a lot of sports don't do that," said
Jasso, a physical therapist. "It makes you develop a whole other side of your
body that you're not used to using."

Jasso came into his first national tournament as an unheralded rookie. What he
had going for him, though, was his intense competitive drive and hours upon
hours of experience playing against quality players.

Round after round, he took down players who were supposed to beat him, and in
one instance came out on top after a nearly three-hour match. Despite coming up
just a bit short, he says he's built up the confidence to compete at a high
level again next year.

"Playing handball, you can never underestimate your opponent because you never
know what could happen," he said. "I'm going to go back strong and going to
train even harder."

All he needs is a rubber ball and a few walls.

To see more of the Campbell Reporter, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mercurynews.com/campbell. Copyright (c) 2010, Campbell Reporter,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100916-1CM-Campbell-handball-courts-players-making-a-racket
-without-the-rackets-0916-20100916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CM


                        Copyright 2010 The News-Gazette


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 10, 1993, Thursday, City Edition

Adult league champs emerge as tournament trail begins

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 623 words



Six local champions have been determined in the U.S. Tennis Association  Adult
League, and five more will be crowned within two weeks. Local champions  advance
to regional playoffs July 9-11 in Naples with hopes of moving on to  state and
national championships.

In women's competition, Feather Sound won the 3.0 division, McMullen  Flament
the 4.5, and Bardmoor the 5.0.

The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg lost just one match on its way to  winning
the men's 3.0 division, while McMullen was undefeated in 5.0 and  Stouffer Vinoy
went unbeaten in open division team.

Best-of-three playoffs are scheduled to begin this weekend in men's 4.5  between
Safety Harbor Spa and unbeaten Bardmoor.

Feather Sound's 3.5 women's team was Feather Sound's 3.5 women's team was
unbeaten in the regular season and did not lose in doubles until its final
match.

"Most of the players have played either on the USTA league before or they  play
Satellite or Suncoast," said team captain Vicki Bufe. "In the regular  season,
we had a lot of three-set matches, but our depth gave us our  strength."

Feather Sound plays River Crossing Saturday in its second playoff match.  Last
week, River Crossing defeated Feather Sound 3-2.

Other playoff matches include River Crossing Roberts facing Paradise Island  in
men's 3.5, McMullen Berg against Countryside Shelling and Martin in men's  4.0,
and McMullen opposite Seminole Lake Racquet Club in women's 4.0. Last  Saturday,
Paradise Island and Countryside each notched a win.

50-and-over doubles: Six Pinellas teams competed in the state 50-and-over
doubles championships last month in the Fort Lauderdale area. Shipwatch Tennis
Club was runner-up in the men's 3.5, as was the men's 4.0 team from Royal
Racquet Club. Seminole Lake Racquet Club finished third in men's 4.0.

Other local teams that qualified for the state championships were the  Racquet
Club of St. Petersburg (men's 4.5), Seminole (women's 4.5), Bardmoor  (women's
4.0) and River Crossing (women's 3.5).

Good Life Games: Six women and 12 men travel to Baton Rouge, La., this  weekend
to compete in singles, doubles and mixed tennis competition in the  U.S.
National Senior Sports Classic IV. In all, nearly 400 senior athletes  from
Florida will compete in various sports.

Singles competitors are June Hammond, Eileen Kitzmiller, Gene McClellan,
William Ward, Oscar Steckman and Donald Moffat. In mixed doubles are James and
June DiMeolo, Bernadine Salvadore and Hammond. Doubles includes Salvadore,
Mildred Steckman, Opal Bowin, Lee Benjamin, Gene Biittner, Chris Gifford,  Ralph
Hickey, John Logan, Frank Ingram, Guy Perenich and Steckman.

Junior tournament results: Clearwater and St. Petersburg each hosted junior
singles tournaments on their public courts last weekend. In Clearwater, Eric
Schaffer won the Super B final over Courtney Rogers and his sister, Lauren,
squeaked past Carla Wrassman 7-6 (7-3), 7-5 for the B division title.

Kyle Nelson won the 12-and-under singles in St. Petersburg, defeating  Jessica
Malmad 6-2, 6-4. Chris Craig beat Kelly Nelson 6-1, 6-0 in the  10-and-under.

The next local junior singles tournament is June 19-20 at the Kent Jewish
Community Center in Clearwater. Divisions are novice, B, Super B and A. For
more information, call 736-1494.

Presti center: Ken Partridge has been appointed to direct instructional  classes
and oversee the daily operation of the Presti Tennis Center in  Clearwater.
Partridge currently offers reduced training costs and a two-week  free
membership with half-hour instruction. Shree Anandan will direct a  nine-week
summer training camp for players ages 6-14. For more information,  call
581-3275.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CITY

 TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

AN ENERGIZING IV DRIP BAR

BYLINE: AMY SCHERZER, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: CITY TIMES; EVERYBODY'S BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 656 words

DATELINE: PALMA CEIA


Need a pick-me-up? Anesthesiologist Uhuru Smith offers a variety of therapeutic
IV drips to rehydrate and energize at HangIVer Bar on Manhattan Avenue.

Clients' vital signs are checked at the spa-like office to be sure they
medically qualify for hydration treatments. They sign a consent waiver and a
nurse or paramedic injects vitamins, amino acids and fluids to fight fatigue,
nausea, pain and dehydration.

Each drip mix is aptly named for its associated attributes such as Chicken Soup
($139), Hair of the Dog ($129), the Finish Line ($149) and Fountain of Youth
($159).

Prices range from $115 to $160. An annual $49 membership reduces fees and
includes monthly B12 shots.

HangIVer Bar, 3415 S Manhattan Ave., is open 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily and 4 to 6
p.m. by appointment. Visit thehangiverbar.com or call (813) 835-4264 (HANG).

* * *

Tennis Plaza, anyone? It's on W Kennedy

Brothers Leon and Felipe Echavarria are busy stocking their sixth Tennis Plaza
store with top brands of gear and equipment, preparing to open in early August
on W Kennedy Boulevard near West Shore Boulevard.

The Miami-based company, the official Sony Open Tennis racket retailer, carries
an extensive selection of rackets, grips, balls, bags, shoes, clothing and more.
Name brands include Nike, Adidas, Babolat, Wilson, Head, Dunlop, Prince and
Fila, among many others. There's also a selection of racquetball and squash
equipment.

Staff are all tennis players themselves and a master racket technician offers
same-day stringing service. A demo program allows customers to borrow three
rackets at a time for up to four days.

Tennis Plaza Tampa, 4557 W Kennedy Blvd., will be open 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday
through Saturday and noon to 6 p.m. Sunday. Visit tennisplaza.com or call (813)
751-0525.

* * *

Stained Market Place offers eclectic mix

Vintage hand-me-downs and cheap what-nots make an interesting and "eclectic
mess" of household items sold at the Stained Market Place on Florida Avenue in
Seminole Heights.

You might find a sofa for $18 or a figurine for 10 cents. Books go for a buck.

Furniture, knickknacks and decor, costume jewelry and clothing are picked up
from garage and estate sales and donations from people cleaning out their
closets, said Monique Molette, general manager.

Do-it-yourselfers and handy crafters will thrill to the discoveries awaiting
refurbishing and repurposing.

For even more "stuff," check out the original Stained Market Place at 2106 E
15th Ave. in Ybor City. The warehouse, opened a year ago, is double the size and
packed to the brim, Molette said.

Stained Market Place, 6119 N Florida Ave., is open 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday
through Friday and 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. Find them on Facebook
or call (813) 501-3238.

* * *

Mobile salon is at your service

Sure, there are lots of salons and spas similar to Eyes on You in NoHo, just a
few blocks north of Kennedy Boulevard. But how many come to you?

"We offer full mobile service - hair, makeup, massage, manicures, waxing,
everything, anywhere - that we offer in the salon," said Lauren Healey,
spokeswoman for the shop recently relocated to Howard Avenue from Oldsmar.

Cuts and color, highlights and extensions, updos, braids and other styles are on
the menu. Eyelashes are a specialty, Healey said.

Precision airbrush spray tans, facials, body wraps and body paint are available,
the latter being popular for theater and costume parties. Beauty workshops and
private parties can be booked for small groups

Wedding parties are camera-readied from head to toe, brides, grooms and
attendants.

"Any grooming service for women is an option for men, too," Healey said.

Eyes on You, 220 N Howard Ave., is open 9 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Tuesday through
Thursday; 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday and Saturday; available anytime for off-site
bookings. Call (813) 344-1900 or visit eyesonyoutampa.com for appointments.

Do you know something that should be Everybody's Business? Email
Ascherzer@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday
                                 DuPage Edition

SECTION: NEWS; DuPage County in 60 seconds; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 959 words


Naperville principal resigns:

Steeple Run Elementary Principal Michael Scorzo has submitted his resignation,
effective June 30, Naperville Unit District 203 officials said Wednesday. He has
been at the school's helm since 2004. "I recognize, and have heard from many
parents and teachers, that Dr. Scorzo has made valuable and positive
contributions to the Steeple Run community," Superintendent Alan Leis said in an
e-mail. The Home and School executive board and school staff will have a chance
to give feedback on traits they'd like to see in the next principal.

Aurora traffic sting results:

Aurora police stopped 50 cars, issued 44 citations and made seven arrests during
a recent daylong traffic enforcement operation. Police said officers focused on
locations with a high number of traffic accidents on the city's far east side. A
majority of citations were issued at East New York Street and Commons Drive. Of
the 44 tickets, 31 were for moving violations and 13 were non- moving
violations. The arrests included three motorists without valid licenses, two for
driving with a suspended license, one DUI, and one for possession of an airgun.

Club collects used racquets:

The Naperville Racquet Club is collecting tennis racquets to help young players
who otherwise may not be able to play the game. Past recipients of new and
refurbished equipment have included Chicago and Fox Valley park districts as
well as teams at Aurora East and Elgin high schools. Racquets are collected,
repaired if necessary and given to the United States Tennis Association to
distribute in the Chicago area. They can be dropped off at 1011 E. Benton,
Naperville. For details, call Carol Bulfer at (630) 355- 5600.

Film festival fundraiser:

Movie buffs can mingle with industry professionals at the Naperville Independent
Film Festival's first Red Carpet event from 5 to 7 p.m. Monday at Jilly's, 103
S. Main St., Naperville. Dan Decker, a nationally recognized authority in
storytelling and screenwriting, will attend. Glenna Morris and the Lee Bailey
Band will entertain. Tickets are $25 in advance and $35 at the door. The film
festival will take place Sept. 24-27. A meeting for people who would like to
volunteer to help with the festival will be at 7 p.m. today at the Naperville
Racquet and Tennis Club, 1011 E. Benton Ave. For details or tickets to the Red
Carpet event, contact www.naperfilm.com.

State chamber prez in town:

Doug Whitley, president and chief executive officer of the Illinois Chamber of
Commerce, will speak to Aurora-area business leaders from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.
today at Fox Valley Country Club, 2500 N. Route 25, North Aurora. The briefing
will highlight the impact of the 2008 elections on business and the state's
economic climate. For details, call (630) 897-9214.

Mr. Glenbard East on stage:

Male students at Glenbard East High School in Lombard will take to the stage
tonight to compete for the second Mr. Glenbard East title. The event starts at
7:30 p.m. at the school, 1014 S. Main St. Admission is $5 with proceeds going
toward sponsoring two former students in the Avon Breast Walk for Cancer. For
more information, call (630) 627-9250, ext. 1537.

Central DuPage donation:

The Central DuPage Health Foundation distributed $265,836 directly to local
charities last year, officials at the Winfield hospital announced. The funds
will be distributed across the Central DuPage Hospital network to support senior
health services, health care for the home-bound and to help fill the gap for the
uninsured. Over the past eight years, Central DuPage Health Foundation has
distributed more than $1.5 million to local charities though the Central DuPage
Hospital Workplace Giving Campaign.

District 93 wants input:

Carol Stream Elementary District 93 is seeking input from parents, community
members and staff to update its strategic plan. The district serves portions of
Carol Stream, Bloomingdale, and Hanover Park. A survey has been developed based
on a review of the challenges and needs facing the district in the next five
years. The deadline for participating is March 5. A copy of the survey is
included in the district's most recent Community Connections newsletter. The
survey also can be filled out at www.ccsd93.com. Anyone who doesn't have
Internet access may visit any District 93 school to access the online survey.
Completed surveys also can be returned by mail.

Firm cited for tobacco sale:

The Glendale Heights Police Department conducted a village-wide compliance check
of tobacco sellers on Tuesday and wound up issuing a citation to one business.
The Tobacco House, 1543 Bloomingdale Road, was cited for selling tobacco
products to a person younger than 18. Violations may carry fines between $10 and
$750.

Robbery at tanning salon:

The DuPage County Sheriff's Department is investigating a robbery Wednesday at
Ultimate Exposure Tanning, 18W411 Roosevelt Road near Lombard. Authorities said
a man jumped over the counter, took money out of a cash tray and ran out of the
store. No weapon was shown and no injuries were reported. Anyone with
information is encouraged to call the sheriff's office at (630) 407-2400.

Fire guts Roselle home:

No one was seriously injured in a fire Wednesday afternoon that damaged a
southwest Roselle home, officials said. Authorities were called at 4:50 p.m. by
residents at 461 Pierce Ave. One person had a minor hand injury, but was treated
at the scene and released, Roselle Shift Commander Marcus Auble said. He said
investigators were still trying to pinpoint the cause and origin of the fire,
which caused an undetermined amount of damage. Firefighters from Addison,
Itasca, Bloomingdale, Schaumburg, Streamwood, Elk Grove Village, Hoffman Estates
and the Glenside Fire Protection District also assisted.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              May 23, 2005 Monday

The right racquet can change your game

BYLINE: Kiplinger's Money Power

LENGTH: 408 words


Today's best racquets blend both power and control, says Bill Mountford,
director of tennis at the U.S. Tennis Association's National Tennis Center in
Queens, N.Y.

The right racquet can help you turn the tables on your opponent, Mountford says,
turning defensive shots into pinpoint power attacks.

"You can be dangerous from any area of the court," he says.

Before buying, test a racquet on the court at least three times.

"If it feels good for three straight sessions," Mountford says, "you have a
racquet you can trust."

Mountford's racquet picks work for players at every level, and are not among the
most expensive on the market.

"The differences are subtle between a $130 racquet and a $250 racquet," he says.

Given its reputation as a rocket launcher, you might be surprised that one of
Mountford's choices for both power and control is the $179 Babolat Pure Drive.
All prices here are for the frame only, and stringing typically adds $20 to $70.

Although its extra-large sweet spot favors power-seekers, especially on ground
strokes and serves, its strings are set in a unique way to harness that power
while allowing excellent control. Mountford likens the racquet to a slingshot:
The strings pull back on impact, then send the ball screaming back across the
court.

The Pure Drive comes in two lengths: standard at 27 inches and plus at 27.5
inches. Both come with a 100-square-inch head, and the plus length is also
available with an oversize head that measures 110 square inches.

For players who don't get the racquet back completely before starting the
forward stroke, Mountford likes the $220 Wilson nTour. It's designed for this
more abbreviated swing, and its maneuverability is matched by its durability.

Take your pick of two head sizes, 95 and 105 square inches, both available on
racquets that are a bit longer than standard. Skilled players should like the
smaller head and slightly above-average weight, close to 11 ounces, of the nTour
95.

If you're looking to rein in your wild shots, Mountford recommends the Head
Flexpoint Radical at $200. Two holes on the racquet frame, at the 3-o'clock and
9-o'clock positions on the head, let the racquet "cup" the ball at impact.
Because the ball lingers longer on the strings, you'll be able to direct it
better and, Mountford says, "you'll have the power you need to compete."

The standard-length Radical comes in three head sizes: 98, 100 and 107 square
inches. The Radical's frames run heavy.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Racquet Club wins Lapointe bantam title

BYLINE: Cleve Dheensaw, Times Colonist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 467 words


It was worth the wait. It took 14 years but the Victoria Racquet Club Kings have
finally won their own prestigious bantam hockey tournament at the Ian Stewart
UVic Complex.

The host Kings, under head coach Brent Polischuk, defeated the Kelowna Rockets
2-0 on goals by Quinton Waitzner and Keaton Mastrodonato in the final Sunday
afternoon at the 42nd annual Rick Lapointe Memorial Bantam Triple-A Showcase.

The tournament, as usual, attracted a flotilla of more than 20 Western Hockey
League scouts filling out their reports for the 2015 WHL bantam draft. This
time, a quick and talented host team - with a core that has come up together
since initiation hockey - lifted the hardware and gave the scouts plenty to
scribble into their notebooks.

Among the players on the victorious Kings tipped to watch in the bantam draft
next spring include forwards Mastrodonato, Waitzner, Joe Stafford-Veale, Ted
Brennan and goaltender Keenan Rancier. Defenceman Jacson Alexander is a year
younger and listed as a prospect for 2016.

The tournament is named after the late Victoria Cougars WHL grad and 10-season
NHL defenceman, Rick Lapointe, and featured more than 200 players on 12 teams
from Edmonton to Seattle and was played at the Ian Stewart Complex, Pearkes
Recreation Centre and the Naden Wurtele rinks.

Both semifinals went to shootouts with Racquet Club edging the Seattle Sno-Kings
and Kelowna besting the Hollyburn Huskies of West Vancouver.

This is the serious fast-track for elite 15-year-old players good enough to be
looking to eventually jump to the majorjunior WHL or go the B.C. Hockey League
and U.S. collegiate NCAA path. This Racquet Club team has, or will, this season
travel to similar showcase bantam tournaments in Chilliwack, Kamloops and
Calgary before heading into the provincial championship in Kelowna, no doubt as
one of the favourites.

"This is a deep year for the Racquet Club team," said Jeff Kerr, co-organizer of
the Rick Lapointe tournament with Scott Stafford-Veale, and who coached this
Kings team up until Peewee.

Sometimes a group of kids joins up to play in a sports organization and has that
special something as a unit from the start.

"There are six or seven of the players still together from when they were little
kids in initiation, and then you add on those who transfer in over the
subsequent years to be with a good program," added Kerr, about how this Racquet
Club team took shape.

"They have good skill but they also work very hard at this."

He said the major challenges in Bantam Tier 1 on the Island this season will
come from Juan de Fuca, Nanaimo and Campbell River.

Kerr has as a special bond with the Lapointe tournament. He won it 30 years ago
as a Racquet Club player, a feat matched by his son and current Kings player
Aidan Kerr on Sunday.

cdheensaw@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                              April 7 1989, Friday

Rivals evenly matched; Real Tennis

BYLINE: WILLIAM STEPHENS

SECTION: Issue 63362.

LENGTH: 131 words


A fine match is in prospect between James Male and Howard Angus this evening in
the George Wimpey amateur singles championship at Queen's Club.

Angus is a former world real tennis and rackets champion; Male is the world
rackets champion, and is no mean real tennis player. He won the amateur doubles
title in 1987 with Julian Snow, holder for the past two years of the amateur
singles championship.


Male also achieved the distinction that year of defeating Snow at real tennis to
become the first since Angus to win both rackets and real tennis singles
competitions in the same Manchester Gold Racquet tournament.

Tomorrow morning's semi-finals will be enhanced by the first appearance of
Michael Happell, holder of the Australian and United States amateur titles.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 13, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02; FOR THE RECORD

LENGTH: 276 words


COLLEGES

Frostburg State -- Junior F Shannon Rexrode was named ECAC's Division III South
Region women's basketball player of the week.

Georgetown -- Johnathan Lee Howard (track and field) and Melissa Tytko
(volleyball) were named Big East scholar-athlete award winners.

Maryland -- Women's basketball F DeeDee Warley (St. John's) was named ACC rookie
of the week. In three games, Warley averaged 19.3 points and six rebounds.

Navy -- Former squash coach Dave Brown will be inducted into the National
Intercollegiate Squash Rackets Association Hall of Fame. Brown coached for 17
years at Navy and will become only the seventh coach to enter the Hall of Fame.

Union (N.Y.) -- Men's basketball player Tryion Ridges (Springbrook) was named
National Christian College Athletic Association student-athlete of the week.

HIGH SCHOOLS

Georgetown Visitation -- Seeking coaches for varsity tennis, assistant varsity
and junior varsity lacrosse, junior varsity softball and assistant crew. Call
Anne Weaver at 202-337-3350.

Gonzaga -- RB Kenny Wood has committed to play football for Columbia.

McNamara -- Seeking JV softball coach. Contact Chip Armstrong at 301-735-7613.

National Cathedral - Seeking assistant varsity tennis, middle school tennis,
junior varsity lacrosse, middle school lacrosse, junior varsity softball, middle
school softball and assistant varsity track and field coaches. Contact Peg
Schultz at 202-537-5544.

CORRECTION

It was incorrectly reported in Thursday's editions that George Mason G Jason
Miskiri tied his career high with 24 points against William & Mary. Miskiri
scored 32 against Richmond Jan. 13.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 31, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths GAYNOR, PETER THORPE

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 170 words


GAYNOR--Peter Thorpe, previously of Modesto, CA died January 20, 2010 in
Cincinnati, OH. Preceded in death by his parents, Primrose Whitfield and Dr.
William C. T. Gaynor of Southampton, NY, sister Pamela Lewis and brother Kim.
Survived by his children, Mary, Andrew, and Bruce (Kimberly); grandchildren,
Matthew, Emily, Daffani and Steffani; brothers, Vere (Susie), and Michael
(Constance); and sister, Katherine (Matthew) Marine. Peter was a graduate of The
Choate School in 1953 and Harvard College in 1957, where he was president of The
Fox Club and on the varsity wrestling team. A champion doubles squash player,
Peter was a lifetime member of the United States Squash Racquets Association, 30
year member of The Jesters Club, Past President of the Northern California
Squash Racquets Association and a 40 year member of the University Club. A
celebration of his life will be held at The University Club of San Francisco in
April. Memorials may be made to U.S. Squash, 555 8th Ave, Suite 1102, New York,
NY 10018.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 22, 2000, Thursday

Jorgenson enjoys singles play, second county title

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 721 words



Lori Jorgenson of Hudson added a second league tennis title to her resume with
an unbeaten record in the spring session of the Pasco County Parks and
Recreation Department women's singles league.

Michele Drennen of New Port Richey gave her a challenge with a three-set match
the first time they played, but fell in straight sets the next time.

Jorgenson, a physical education teacher at Seven Springs Middle School, didn't
play tennis as a youth but easily picked up the sport due to her natural
athletic ability.

After winning her first singles league title in the county's winter session,
Jorgenson said she wasn't certain she would enjoy singles play, but the
self-taught player went on to find the singles league to be fun, flexible and
rewarding.

Drennen couldn't agree more.

"I love the comraderie in tennis with the women of all ages," said Drennen,
formerly of Ohio. "Tennis is an excellent way to stay in shape and to exercise
both your mind and body."

While Jorgenson has been playing regularly, Drennen is in her second year after
being away from the game for the last six. Both now are intent on keeping up
with their playing.

USA LEAGUE PLAYOFFS: Playoffs were completed in USA League Tennis last weekend
and local league champions were crowned in four women's divisions and five
men's. Local champions advance to the regional competition next month in
Longboat Key.

East Lake Woodlands won the women's 3.0 and 3.5 divisions, with a 3-2 win over
Feather Sound Country Club and a 4-1 win over Innisbrook. The Racquet Club of
St. Petersburg's 4.0 women's team held off the Vinoy for a 3-2 win and the
title. In other women's playoff matches, Feather Sound beat Lakewood Country
Club 3-2 in the 3.5 division and East Lake defeated Treasure Island Tennis and
Yacht Club 3-2 in the 4.0.

The Treasure Island Recreation Center's 4.5 men's team joins men's teams from
Seminole Lakes Tennis Center (4.0), the Renaissance Vinoy (3.5) squad and
Feather Sound (3.0). Last Saturday, the Treasure Island Rec men's 4.5 team
blanked Royal Racquet Club 5-0 in the determining match, as did Seminole Lakes
Tennis Center in the men's 4.0 over the Racquet Club. The Vinoy men's 3.5 squad
outplayed the Racquet Club 4-1 in the final match.

Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club's 4.5 women's team and the Treasure Island
Recreation Center's 5.0 men's team both advanced to regional play without
participating in a local league playoff.

ROUND OF 16 AT STATE: Area players continue their success at the USTA Florida
Section Closed Junior Championships as the third round of singles competition
concludes today.

Stacia Fonseca, Miranda Gutierrez and Brianna Williams will challenge in the
14-and-unders in the round of 16 as will Jamie Mera in the 10s for the girls and
No. 16 Dax Hankerson in the 18s; No. 1 Sukhwa Young and No. 4 Ryler DeHeart in
the 16s; Yuichi Uda and Shaun Young in the 14s and No. 8 Austin Krajicek in the
10s completes the boys competitors.

Consolation round competitors include local juniors Nicole Mera in the 10s;
Brooke Allen, Laura Gioia, Yumi Hasegawa and Zoe Kent in the 12s; Linda Tien and
Christine Pytlinski in the 14s; Yaitza Dominquez, Becky Gordon and Cristina
Lucin in the 16s; Michele Murman, Veronica Queen, Tara Sheehan and Caroline Tien
in the 18s among the girls. In the boys, consolation contestants include Joel
Samaha and Spencer MacKenzie in the 10s; Jeffrey D'Adamo, Justin Herzig and
Michael O'Rourke in the 12s; Evan Dufaux, Marc Spicijaric and Eli Samaha in the
14s; Carl Fisher and Konstantin Lazarov in the 16s; Taylor Ralph and Sebring
Sierra in the 18s.

CELEBRATION: A TNT Wimbledon GRASSroots Promotion, sponsored by Turner Network
Television, is scheduled Saturday at Royal Racquet Club in Clearwater. The
promotion marks TNT's projected 60 hours of broadcast time during Wimbledon.

From 10 a.m. to noon is an adult mixer, followed by lunch at noon and a Wilson
Demo activity from 1 to 3 p.m. Call (727) 799-3200 for more information.

COMING UP: The Summer Classic for juniors in singles competition is June 24-26
at the McMullen Tennis Complex in Clearwater. Call Krishnan Anandan at (727)
669-1919 The 2000 Little Mo Nationals Florida Section event is July 1-3 at East
Lake Woodlands for those 11-and-under. For information, call (727) 785-2212.


LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

BRIEF: Keene Racquet Club sets date for open house

BYLINE: The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 103 words


Nov. 13--The Keene Racquet Club will host an open house on Saturday from noon to
3 p.m. on Martell Court.

The Racquet Club is inviting anyone to tour the facility and play tennis.
Immediate memberships are available.

The Racquet Club hosts tournaments and leagues for a variety of age groups,
gives players a place to compete during the cold winter months and meet other
local players.

For more information, contact Marianna McGauley at 209-4892 or
racquetclubkeene@msn.com

___ (c)2014 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141113-KN-BRF-Keene-Racquet
-Club-sets-date-for-open-house-1113-20141113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2014 The Keene Sentinel


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday

Prince Sports heads to confirmation

BYLINE: by Aviva Gat

LENGTH: 909 words


Tennis racket maker Prince Sports Inc. can serve its reorganization plan to
creditors as it seeks to exit bankruptcy protection by the end of summer.  Judge
Kevin J. Carey of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware in
Wilmington on Tuesday, June 19, approved the disclosure statement for Prince's
prenegotiated plan, according to debtor counsel Laura Davis Jones of Pachulski
Stang Ziehl & Jones LLP.  The private equity-backed debtor is now set for a July
27 confirmation hearing.  During Tuesday's hearing, Carey also gave Prince final
approval to use its $2.5 million debtor-in-possession loan from prepetition
lender ABG-Prince LLCand approved a licensing agreement with Battle Sport
Science LLC, Jones said. ABG-Prince is an affiliate of Authentic Brands Group
LLC, a New York brand-licensing company that owns sports consumer brands
including Sportcraft, TapouT, Iron Star and Sinister, as well as rights to use
Marilyn Monroe's name and likeness and to license certain photographs.

Prince on May 9 requested permission to license certain trademarks to Battle
Sport. According to the motion, Battle Sport already does business with
ABG-Prince, which is slated to receive the debtor's equity under the plan.  The
official committee of unsecured creditors originally opposed the deal, on the
grounds that Prince did not market the trademarks and merely sought to enter
into an agreement with Battle Sport due to ABG-Prince's previous relationship.
Jones said Prince, ABG-Prince and the committee reached a global resolution
regarding the licensing agreement, leading to a modified version that was filed
Monday.  The licensing agreement runs through Dec. 31, 2022, but can be renewed
for an additional 10 years. Battle Sports must pay Prince 7.5% of its net
revenue as royalties, plus 2.5% of net revenue on products sold from
sublicenses. The minimum royalty payments must total $5.25 million per year.
The original licensing agreement was to end Dec. 31, 2017, and had a minimum
annual royalty payment of $3 million.  Prince, owned by Providence, R.I., PE
firm Nautic Partners LLC, filed for Chapter 11 on May 1 with a prenegotiated
plan that would give 100% of its equity to ABG-Prince in return for its $65
million claim. The debtor amended the plan on Monday.  ABG-Prince would waive
its rights to any deficiency claim under the plan. Other secured creditors and
holders of priority claims would be paid in full. General unsecured creditors
would receive a pro rata share of $500,000 and proceeds from certain causes of
action for an estimated 2.7% recovery, while old equity holders would be wiped
out.   The Bordentown, N.J., debtor is a premier branded sporting goods company
that develops, sources and markets racket sports equipment, footwear, apparel
and accessories for tennis and indoor court sports such as squash and
racquetball, according to Prince president and CEO Gordon Boggis.  Prince also
sponsors some of tennis' most elite athletes, including David Ferrer, Gael
Monfils, Vera Zvonareva and the Bryan brothers.  Founded in 1970, Prince is
known for innovating new designs, including the "oversized" racket, the
"longbody" racket and other racket technology. Its brands include Viking
Athletics, which specializes in platform tennis equipment, and Ektelon, which
makes racquetball equipment.  Prince blamed its bankruptcy on reduced demands
for its products combined with increased competition over the past five years.
In response to its decline, in November 2010, Prince sought to sell the rights
to certain brands and its operations in China to pay down significant debts to
its then-lenders. The process ended in February 2011 because Prince did not
receive any acceptable bids for the marketed assets. Instead, Prince sought to
upgrade its products and incorporate new advertising strategies to increase
demands for its products.  Prince then commenced a second sale process in
October in hopes of selling its assets or entering into additional licensing
agreements. Prince engaged Robert W. Baird & Co., which found that several
parties were interested in acquiring the company as a going concern.  By March,
Baird was in talks with three potential purchasers that each were offering less
than Prince's outstanding secured debt.  Meanwhile, on March 27, ABG-Prince
acquired Prince's $65 million in secured debt from GE Capital Corp. and Madison
Capital Funding LLCand indicated its interest in acquiring the company. Prince
then decided a sale to ABG-Prince would be its best option to reorganize
successfully.  The lender's DIP, priced at LIBOR plus 800 basis points, will aid
the restructuring process.  The loan includes a $100,000 commitment fee and
matures Aug. 20.  Prince must obtain approval of its disclosure statement by
June 29, win confirmation by Aug. 6 and exit bankruptcy by Aug. 20 to stay in
line with the financing.  Carey on May 2 approved interim use of the loan.  The
company had $54.2 million in assets and $77 million in liabilities as of Dec.
31.  Along with Jones, David M. Bertenthal, Joshua M. Fried and James O'Neill of
Pachulski Stang are debtor counsel.  Richard A. Chesley, Matthew M. Murphy and
Stuart Brown of DLA Piper (US) LLP represents ABG-Prince.  Michael P. Richman,
Mark A. Salzberg and Anthony Nguyen of Patton Boggs LLP and Jeffrey C. Wisler,
Zhun Lu, Marc J. Phillips and Kelly M. Conlan ofConnolly Bove Lodge & Hutz LLP
are counsel to the creditors' committee.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            October 13, 2006 Friday
                                   1 Edition

New owners for Coto club;
Coto de Caza Golf & Racquet Club sold to KSL Capital Partners

BYLINE: By MARK EADES; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CANYONLIFECAN; Pg. Cover

LENGTH: 139 words


The Coto de Caza Golf & Racquet Club, owned and operated by ClubCorp of Dallas,
is slated to be sold, according to an announcement made by ClubCorp officials on
Tuesday.

The club is part of a portfolio made up of more than 170 clubs and resorts
located across the country and internationally, to be sold to KSL Capital
Partners Inc. The transaction is valued at around $1.8 billion.

Other properties owned by ClubCorp included in the transaction are: Firestone
Country Club in Akron, Ohio and Mission Hills Country Club in Rancho Mirage,
Calif.

The deal is expected to close by the end of 2006.

SALE PENDING: The Coto de Caza Golf and Racquet Club is part of a portfolio that
is pending sale to KSL Capital Partners Inc. The club was the site of the Pat
Boone Celebrity Golf Tournament in 2005 and is the venue for various golf
tournaments.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 26, 1984, Monday, Late City Final Edition

BYLINE: By S. Lee Kanner

SECTION: Section C; Page 9, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 907 words


Question Box






QUESTION: It is the bottom of the ninth inning, a man on third, no one out and
the score tied. The runner dashes for home as soon as the ball leaves the
pitcher's hand. The batter executes a perfect squeeze bunt along the third-base
line, and the runner easily scores. The batter, only halfway to first, runs into
his dugout. The defensive players, aware that the winning run has scored, leave
the field and enter their dugout. What is the ruling? Since the batter never
touched first, how is his time at bat recorded?

This is an appeal play that cannot be made because the defensive team left the
playing field and entered the dugout. Technically, the batter has reached first,
although he has not touched it, and he gets credit for a hit.



QUESTION: How many points did

Nebraska run up during the regular

1983 college football season? How

many points did Minnesota allow?

Did they set records, and, if not, who

holds them?

Nebraska scored 624 points in 12 games, breaking Brigham Young's mark of 560 in
12 games, set in 1980. Minnesota allowed 518 points in 11 games, an average of
47.09 a game, but Texas-El Paso still holds the record of 544 and 49.5, set in
11 games in 1973.



QUESTION: During a doubles

match, a hard forehand return lodges

in the open neck of the racquet of

Player A, at the net. His racquet was

knocked out of his hand and onto his

opponent's court. What is the ruling?

As soon as the racquet touched the ground, Player A's team lost the point
because of the ''invasion'' of the opponents' court. A question might also be
raised as to whether it could be considered a carry, although the rules did not
contemplate the use of racquets in which balls could be lodged.



QUESTION: In 1982, the California

Angels, under Gene Mauch, finished

first in the Western Division of the

American League without a pitcher's

having 100 or more strikeouts for the

season (Bruce Kison led with 86). Has

this ever happened before in the last

20 to 40 years?

Yes. One example is the 1960 New York Yankees, who won the pennant with Ralph
Terry's 92 strikeouts being the tops for the season.



QUESTION: Please explain how to

keep score in match play in golf.

Match play is played by holes, and a hole is won by the player, or side, that
uses fewer strokes to put the ball into the cup. If each side holes out in the
same number of strokes, the hole is halved. The match is won by the player, or
side, leading by a number of holes greater than the number of holes remaining to
be played.



QUESTION: When did Willie Mays

hit four home runs in one game, and

off which pitchers? What were

Mays's statistics for that game?

Mays hit the four home runs on April 30, 1961, in Milwaukee, as the San
Francisco Giants defeated the Braves, 14-4. Mays drove in eight runs with the
homers, his first two coming off Lew Burdette in the first and third innings,
his third off Seth Morehead in the sixth, and his fourth off Don McMahon in the
eighth. In his only other time at bat, Mays was retired on a line drive to the
center fielder.



QUESTION: I recently saw a refer

ence to Lou Boudreau's being the

American League rookie of the year

in 1941. Is that true?

The official rookie-of-the-year award was instituted in 1947. In addition,
Boudreau joined the Cleveland Indians in midseason in 1939, and played a full
season in 1940, so that he could hardly be classified as a rookie in 1941.
Boudreau did win the Most Valuable Player award in 1948.



QUESTION: In college football, was

it always a rule that a team had to

kick from its 20-yard line after a safe

ty?

That rule was adopted in 1926. From 1914 until 1926, the rule stated that, after
a safety or a touchback, the ball had to be put in play on the 20- yard line.



QUESTION: How close were Ernie

Vigh's two fights with Billy Soose?

What were Vigh's career statistics,

and did he ever fight for the middle

weight title?

The first fight, on Feb. 7, 1941, was close, although the 10-round decision for
Soose was unanimous. On March 7, a month later, Soose took a much easier
12-round decision, with Vigh winning only a couple of rounds.

Vigh fought 63 times between 1938 and 1947, winning 14 bouts on decisions and 37
on knockouts. He lost nine decisions, was knocked out twice and drew once. He
never fought for a championship, and his career undoubtedly suffered because of
service in the Coast Guard during World War II.



QUESTION: Which player's uniform

number was the first to be retired in

the major leagues? How many num

bers have been retired to date?

The New York Yankees, who in 1929 became the first team to wear numbers
consistently, were the first to retire a uniform number - Lou Gehrig's 4 in
1939. There have been 23 numbers retired in the American League and 32 in the
National League.

Question Box is a regular feature of Sports Monday. Readers are invited to
submit questions concerning any aspect of sport - statistics or strategies,
rules or records. The address is Question Box, Sports Monday, The New York
Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

TYPE: question

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Former Hampden Academy tennis standout captures Angell Open

LENGTH: 184 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- Former Hampden Academy tennis star Eliot Potvin captured his
second straight men's open singles title at the Angell Open over the weekend at
the Racket and Fitness Center.


Potvin of Portland defeated Dana Parziale of Cumberland, Rhode Island, in the
final 6-3, 6-3.


Ashley Avery, a high school senior from Wellesley, Massachusetts, claimed the
women's open singles crown with a 6-1, 6-1 victory over Julia Bogan of Falmouth.


Avery also picked up a title in mixed doubles as she and Kip Rogers of
Marlborough, Massachusetts, beat Anya Lundeberg of San Diego, California, and
Max Schuermann of Dover, Massachusetts, 6-3, 6-1.


Avery also recently won women's open titles at the St. Paddy's and Snowflake
tourneys at the Racket and Fitness Center.


Potvin is working at the Racket and Fitness Center after a year on a pro tour
and a teaching stint in Massachusetts.


The tourney is a fundraiser for NAMI Maine, which provides support and resources
for families and people living with mental illness, and is named for the late
Chris Angell, a former Maine tennis star who suffered from schizophrenia.


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Former Hampden Academy tennis standout captures Angell Open

LENGTH: 184 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- Former Hampden Academy tennis star Eliot Potvin captured his
second straight men's open singles title at the Angell Open over the weekend at
the Racket and Fitness Center.


Potvin of Portland defeated Dana Parziale of Cumberland, Rhode Island, in the
final 6-3, 6-3.


Ashley Avery, a high school senior from Wellesley, Massachusetts, claimed the
women's open singles crown with a 6-1, 6-1 victory over Julia Bogan of Falmouth.


Avery also picked up a title in mixed doubles as she and Kip Rogers of
Marlborough, Massachusetts, beat Anya Lundeberg of San Diego, California, and
Max Schuermann of Dover, Massachusetts, 6-3, 6-1.


Avery also recently won women's open titles at the St. Paddy's and Snowflake
tourneys at the Racket and Fitness Center.


Potvin is working at the Racket and Fitness Center after a year on a pro tour
and a teaching stint in Massachusetts.


The tourney is a fundraiser for NAMI Maine, which provides support and resources
for families and people living with mental illness, and is named for the late
Chris Angell, a former Maine tennis star who suffered from schizophrenia.


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     January 11, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

PGA TOUR Superstore's Glendale Experiential Golf Retail Store Opens Jan. 14

LENGTH: 353  words


Jan. 11 -- PGA TOUR Superstore is ushering in a new experience for Glendale area
golfers and tennis enthusiasts January 14th at 9:00 am for the grand opening of
its first interactive retail store. The 40,000 square foot location is at 7360
West Bell Road in a previous Sports Authority location.

Glendale marks the company's 28th store in the U.S. and the fifth location in
Arizona (joining Chandler, North Scottsdale, Scottsdale and Tucson. The grand
opening celebration includes $30,000 in product giveaways to the first customers
in line.

The new PGA TOUR Superstore in Glendale will employ up to 50 associates
including PGA of America teaching professionals, and will have five interactive
simulators; three practice hitting bays, an expansive 1,400 square foot putting
green and an in-house club-making and repair facility to provide a unique,
interactive experience to golf enthusiasts of all levels. In addition the store
will offer more than 9,000 square feet of soft goods, 6,000 square feet of hard
goods and 2,500 square feet of footwear.

For tennis enthusiasts, the store will offer the top tennis brands and a variety
of equipment from racquets and shoes to apparel. USRSA Master Racquet
Technicians are also in store to fit you with the racquet, string, and tension
for your game. A tennis lane with a backboard is also in-store and allows
customers to test and demo tennis racquets.

"With the amount of golf and tennis played in the greater Phoenix area
year-round, Glendale is an ideal marketplace to expand our brand presence and
provide the best retail experience for sports enthusiasts," said PGA TOUR
Superstore President and CEO Dick Sullivan. "We have more stores in Arizona than
in any other state and look forward to inspiring all types of golfers and tennis
players - from beginners to avids - to play the game and find everything they
need under one roof."

The Glendale PGA TOUR Superstore grand opening event will take place January 14
with doors opening 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. and include $30,000 in giveaways to the
first people in line, putting contests and swing evaluations.

Source: PGA TOUR Superstore

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

What a racket;
Serena rebounds, lifts US to sweep

BYLINE: Andrew Cagen, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 546 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


By the end of the match, Serena Williams was able to joke about the fate of her
first racket of the day because she dominated the final two sets of a 5-7, 6-1,
6-1 victory over Anastasiya Yakimova of Belarus, which clinched the Fed Cup
Group II tie for the United States at the DCU Center yesterday.

"The ground lifted up to my racket, I don't know how it happened," a smiling
Williams said after the match. "I don't recommend it."

The racket was destroyed after Yakimova, who had trailed four games to one in
the first set, won a marathon game and then swept the next game at love, leaving
Williams frustrated at her poor play. Yakimova went on to tie the set at 4-4,
drop a game and then take another three games in a row.

"It wasn't my best day," Williams said. "That's for sure."

In the second set, Williams resurrected her near flawless game, and she,
Christina McHale and the doubles team of Liezel Huber and Venus Williams
completed a 5-0 sweep over Belarus before a crowd of 2,279. McHale defeated
Darya Kustova, 6-0, 6-1, and Huber and Venus Williams beat a tired
Yakimova-Kustova team, 6-1, 6-2.

McHale and Serena Williams had won opening-round matches Saturday.

The victory allowed the United States to advance to a playoff in April against a
country to be determined, with the winner of that tie advancing to the Fed Cup I
competition next year and a chance to win cup. The four winners from the Fed Cup
II competition and the four losers in yesterday's Fed Cup I ties will play, with
the draw for the matchups to be held Feb. 14.

Asked to rank her demolition of the racket, Serena Williams said:

"That one is way low. I've demolished some rackets. Yeah, that was nothing. That
just goes to show you how frustrated I was today.

"I haven't done that in a match in a very long time."

She went on to describe what makes a quality smashing:

"Probably a lot of power, which I have, and a tremendous amount of anger. It
just gets better when you have more anger."

She did not blame her shaky first round on her ankle, which she sprained in a
tournament before last month's Australian Open.

"My ankle's good," she said. "You know, it's not healed, but it feels fine. It's
really kind of weird. I don't understand that. But it feels fine."

In the final two sets, Serena's overwhelming serve of between 100 and 120 mph
and her winning groundstrokes overwhelmed Yakimova.

Serena caught a break when Belarus captain Tatiana Poutchek decided that world
No. 1 Victoria Azarenka, who withdrew just before the start of yesterday's play
with a back injury, could not play yesterday.

"Yes, it was," Poutchek said of whether she had considered playing Azarenka.
"But, yeah, the injury is pretty serious, and we didn't want to risk putting her
on the court. There was no chance today."

The match opened with Serena Williams losing serve with three unforced errors,
and she made numerous unforced errors after that. But Yakimova had tremendous
difficulty with her serve, double-faulting four times in losing a game that made
it 3-1. She wound up with eight double-faults in the first set and 15 in the
match.

The vociferously pro-American crowd was treated to the dancing of In Da Zone of
the Boys and Girls Club of Worcester before the tie and the music between breaks
of the Holy Cross marching band.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
(1) Serena Williams of the United States gets ready to return a shot to
Anastasiya Yakimova of Belarus. (2) Serena Williams of the United States returns
a shot to Anastasiya Yakimova of Belarus. (3) Anastasiya Yakimova of Belarus
gets ready to return a shot against Serena Williams of the United States.
T&G Staff Photos/CHRISTINE PETERSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 4, 2007 Wednesday
                                  East Edition

SENIOR LEAGUES CROWN LOCAL CHAMPS

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 550 words


Winners were named in 13 of 14 divisions in the senior, super senior and super
70 doubles local leagues.

Champions in the women's Senior Doubles League for 50-plus players are McMullen
3.0, Vinoy 3.5 and St. Petersburg Tennis Center 4.0 and 4.5. In the senior men's
league, Countryside Country Club 3.0, Racquet Club 4.0 and Royal Racquet Club
4.5 claimed titles. Feather Sound Country Club and the Racquet Club will square
off Saturday for the 3.5 title.

Claiming Super Senior Doubles titles for 60-plus players are SPTC 7.0 and
McMullen 8.0 women's teams and Safety Harbor Spa 7.0 and McMullen 8.0 men's
squads. McMullen claimed the Super 70 Doubles League for women 70-plus in the
3.5, as did Shipwatch Tennis Club for the men. Super senior winners advance to
state this month and senior winners compete for state titles in May.

"Winning wasn't our goal when we formed our team, but was based more on
friendship and having fun," said Janice Stone, captain of the super senior 7.0
women's team. "We found, though, that winning made it even more fun."

Joining Stone are Joyce Rosner, Karen Edwards, Bonnie Rickus, Diane McDaniel,
Unho Ko, Gayle Woodley, Gen Casey, Karen Winiecki, Elaine Concors and Liz
Gaffney.

Earl Gehant thinks this season's 4.0 senior men's team may be the first to
advance to state from the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg. "We have a lot of good
competition in our area, so it's quite a mark for us to advance through it and
be the local winner," Gehant said. "A big part of our success locally is due to
our being pretty strong up and down the line."

The Racquet Club posted a 6-1 record among eight teams and includes Gehant, John
McQuillen, Paul Tomey, Bob Steele, Hernan Molina, Robert Vicander, Mike Williams
and Ron Woods.

St. Pete Tennis center's 4.0 senior women's squad was unbeaten among seven
teams, as was SPTC's 4.5 senior team.

"I feel we have good depth on our team this year," said Jackie Keller, captain
of the SPTC 4.5 women's squad. "From last year's team that won state and
advanced to nationals are Andrea Martin, Liz Leigh and myself. We picked up Lisa
Grattan and Lynn Sayler from the area and Sharon Benson, Jane Haughney and
Leslie Godwin from Tampa."

Super 70 women's champion McMullen won all five matches against Bardmoor, a
former state champion. Team members include captain Ruth Ann Ott, Helen Battles,
Dolores Hayman, Dee Howard, Carol Horton, Nancy Kraemer, Gwen Leclair and
Kathleen Hogan.

Shipwatch won 11 of its 12 matches in the men's Super 70 league. Led by captain
Henry Van Drunan, team members include John Finlayson, Charles Eikner, Leon
Hibbs, Johnie Howard, Red Odden, Bill Glasser, Billy Oliver, Peter Priston and
Al Blackburn.

NET SHOTS: Debbie Hobbs (women's 35-and-over), Page Buck (men's 35) and Andres
Molina (45) collected singles titles in East Lake Woodlands' Senior
Championships. Tom Colacchio and Dick Fletcher won the men's 65 doubles; Judy
and Pat Siracusa captured the mixed 45 title.

- Among the singles winners in the Sarmiento's Annual Championships were
Anastasha Worlds (girls 10-and-under), Natalie Phippen (12) and Edward Corty
(16).

- Seminole Lake Tennis Center Rockin Rookie winners included girls 10 top seed
Alexis Franco, girls 12 No. 2 Jessica Stephens, boys 14 round robin Alexander
Schultz and boys 16 Daniel Lang.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ran in all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            July 29, 1987 Wednesday

BORIS MAKES AMENDS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: AAPSPORT

LENGTH: 117 words


Boris makes amends HARTFORD, Connecticut._ Tennis star Boris Becker yesterday
apologised to a spectator, 74, for having hit her with his racquet. Becker, 19,
threw the racquet in the air after West Germany's victory in the Davis Cup
relegation battle on Sunday. When he heard his racquet had hit Pauline Moreen,
Becker visted her and offered her a new autographed tennis racquet and tickets
for her and her family to the United States Open from September 1 to 13. Becker,
the world's number-two player, kept West Germany in the world group of the Davis
Cup competition by scoring a five-set win over Tim Mayotte in the final singles
of the play-off. BORIS Becker . . . racquet hit woman, 74.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF HEAD SHOT OF BORIS BECKER

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             June 9, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Phys ed teacher serves up fun while introducing kids to tennis

BYLINE: By BILL MEREDITH Special to Neighborhood Post

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD POST; Pg. 16N

LENGTH: 547 words


For someone who hasn't played or coached much competitive tennis, Stuart
resident Elaine Zumsteg sure got a lot of kids into the sport recently.

The 53-year-old started teaching physical education at the K-4 Warfield
Elementary School in Indiantown after having instructed first grade for 11
years, and made tennis part of the curriculum.

Between getting kids to play in phys ed classes, and volunteering to teach 20
third-graders in her additional after-school tennis club, Zumsteg got 675
students involved. Many had never played, and came from low-income,
non-English-speaking families.

A United States Tennis Association member, she was rewarded when she was named
the USTA's Florida Tennis Volunteer of the Month for May.

"Many of the kids at Warfield speak Spanish," Zumsteg said, "with limited
English as a second language. It was great to be recognized for introducing them
to tennis, and I received a $1,000 'Share the Love' grant from USTA Florida that
enabled me to buy the junior nets, rackets and tennis balls to do it."

A native of Lynn, Mass., she also received help from the local Tri-County
Women's Tennis Association, which allowed her to outfit her after-school tennis
club with those same junior rackets, tennis balls, and smaller,
child-appropriate makeshift courts.

"They sponsored all of those children with USTA junior memberships," she said.
"That meant they got free rackets and those special low-compression balls. Those
are wonderful, because they're a little larger; don't bounce so high, and come
at you more slowly. The kids could rally right away, which made it more fun."

Part of Zumsteg's inspiration came from playing tennis as child in
Massachusetts, back when the courts and materials weren't customized for kids.

"I never played tennis in high school or college," she said. "I've always just
enjoyed hitting the ball around, which started with my sister Laurie at around
age 7. That was on a public court along the ocean in Nahant, Mass., where the
wind constantly blew the balls away. We argued more about who would retrieve
them than we actually played."

Tennis, teaching and phys ed have always been central to Zumsteg, who became a
USTA member while living in California before she moved to South Florida.

"I graduated from Springfield College in Massachusetts with a phys ed degree,"
she said. "I taught for a year in Michigan, then went back there to get my
master's in early childhood education, and got on the track of teaching
first-grade children how to read. When I wanted a change this year, phys ed and
tennis became part of it."

She credits fellow volunteers like her husband of 18 years, Albert Zumsteg, for
helping to pass tennis on to a new generation.

"Albert did a lot of the volunteer coaching," she said. "Linda Emilson, from
Monarch Country Club, was also a very helpful volunteer, along with her husband,
Dan."

Zumsteg is also a competitive marathon runner. Appropriately, she's committed to
teaching tennis for the long haul.

"I'll definitely do it again next year," she said, "and I'd love to get
sponsorship for a field trip to play a match at Hobe Sound Elementary, or hold a
little USTA tournament. It's a lifetime game, and I want to expose kids to it so
they won't be intimidated by a country club sport."

~bill_meredith@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  SPORTS & RECREATION  Treasure Coast

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 125 words


Tennis

Pinellas Area Doubles League Feb. 14 results

McMullen II d. Belleair II 9-4; Royal II d. Bardmoor III 10-1; Shipwatch d. St.
Pete Tennis Center II 7-5; Eastlake III d. Racquet Club II 10-1; Vinoy II d.
Countryside II 6-5; Spa d. Innisbrook 7-6; Feather Sound d. Treasure island 6-4;
Racquet Club I d. Countryside I 9-3; Bardmor II d. Eastlake II 7-4; McMullen I
d, Royal I 8-6; Belleair I d. Vinoy I 10-0; St. Petersburg CC d, Royal III 6-5;
Eastlake I d. Bardmoor I 9-3

Suncoast Ladies Doubles League Feb. 19 results

Apollo Beach d. Racquet Club 9-5; Countryside tied Cheval 7-7; Hunter's Green
tied Royal Racquet 7-7; Harbour Island d. Tampa Yacht 10-4; Davis Island d.
Bardmoor 10-4; Treasure Island d. Eastlake 10-4; Vinoy d. Emerald Greens 10-4

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 4, 1999 Tuesday CWEST EDITION

FOR RADNOR'S SHIH, PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT / HE IS THE TEAM'S ONLY UNBEATEN
PLAYER IN DUAL COMPETITION.

BYLINE: Don Beideman, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 569 words


When An Shih came to the United States two years ago from his native Taiwan, he
brought a tennis racket with him.

It was the one he hadn't used for nearly 10 years.

Looking for an opportunity to make friends, Shih, 18, went out for the Radnor
boys' tennis team last season as a junior.

He dug out the old racket, made the team, and spent the season playing junior
varsity doubles.

"I hadn't realized how much my body structure had changed," Shih said of his
efforts to use the old racket.

"That racket doesn't work too well anymore for me. It was made for a child.

"I've gotten stronger and I was hitting the ball like crazy, way out."

This season, Shih invested in a new racket.

What a difference it and some practice have made in his game this year.

He has moved up to No. 4 singles for the Red Raiders, who appear headed for at
least a share of the Central League championship.

The Red Raiders have not won a league title in the 1990s.

Shih is Radnor's only unbeaten singles player in dual-meet competition.

"Last year I came to the team a little late," Shih said. "I was prepared a
little more this year."

Strictly a high school tennis player, Shih spent time practicing with teammates
and others between seasons.

Nobody was more surprised by his leap in improvement than Radnor coach Rob King,
who said the 5-foot-9, 160-pounder really caught his eye when practice opened
this season.

"I didn't have any expectations of where he would play," King said.

"He is fun to watch, and when we had our round-robin to determine the ladder
[lineup], he did quite well. That's why he's playing fourth singles."

Shih, who probably will be heading to the University of Maryland-Baltimore
County in the fall, said he is playing with much more confidence now.

He plans to give tennis a try at the college level.

Shih and his family - father, mother and older sister - came to this country for
his education.

"The education is better here," said Shih, whose native tongue is Mandarin
Chinese.

Planning to study engineering in college, Shih laughs when he talks about the
tribulations he has had with English.

"I had a 790 [a perfect score is 800] on the math part of my SATs. I didn't do
so well on the verbal part," said Shih with a chuckle.

"I don't speak English very well."

Which is not true, as his teammates will attest.

He communicates very well. When he is playing tennis, there is a nearly constant
smile on his face.

One of his best friends is Alex Surpin, who plays third doubles for Radnor.

"He's good at computers," Shih said of Surpin. "We do a lot of that together.

"When I came here I was bored because I didn't have any friends. That's why I
decided to play sports."

King is thankful Shih did.

According to the Red Raiders coach, Shih's bright outlook and easygoing manner
make him a tremendous asset to the team.

Little seems to upset Shih, King noted.

"Oh, you might hear a grunt or something from him on a bad shot, but he always
gets back to his game," King said.

"He's a super individual, dedicated and respectful. He's a great role model."

King said he is delighted that Shih will have a chance to compete in a
qualifying tournament for the District 1 Class AA singles tourney. The top three
finishers will advance to the district tourney on May 14-15.

"An seems to have fun playing, and that's what it's all about," King said.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Neighbors Sports

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
"The education is better here," says An Shih, a native of Taiwan who plans to
study engineering in college. He returned a backhand to Conestoga's Bastian
Pelster. (BARBARA JOHNSTON, Inquirer Suburban Staff)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                           October 14, 1999, Thursday

Disputed Development Lands in Wrong Court

SECTION: Pg.  2A

LENGTH: 285 words


Opponents of a proposed Baltimore County office development failed to get a
Circuit Court to hear their administrative appeal yesterday because the court
lacked jurisdiction, the judge said. The proceeding was unusual, Judge John F.
Fader II said, because the party that lost at the administrative level was not
the one that appealed to the Circuit Court. "I don't understand where the
standing is" to contest the decision, Fader said. "I just can't see how I have
any jurisdiction here." William and Loretta Hirshfeld, owners of 5.5 acres of
land at Falls and Joppa roads, and Greenspring Racquet Club Inc. which leases
the land, previously failed to convince the Development Review Committee (DRC)
of the Department of Permits and Development Management (DPDM) to approve the
development. The would-be developers were advised they would have to resubmit
their plans before their plans could be further considered. The property's
neighbors, the Mullan Greenspring Limited Partnership and Mullan Pavilions
Limited Partnership, appealed to the Circuit Court in an effort to bar the
Hirshfelds and Greenspring Racquet from pursuing the matter administratively. An
attorney for the Hirshfelds and Greenspring Racquet, Julius W. Lichter, has
estimated that the project's worth to his clients is $ 30 million to $ 40
million. The would-be developers are challenging the constitutionality of the
law and regulation that opponents say prohibit their project. The law prohibits
buildings over 35 feet next to rural zoned areas. The Hirshfelds say it was
passed specifically to prevent their development. Part of the structure
envisioned by the Hershfelds would be 78 feet high, according to court
documents.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Daily Record Co.


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 17, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

SPORTS NEWS BRIEFS;
Boyum Scores Upset in Squash

SECTION: Section 1; Page 44, Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 157 words


David Boyum of Brooklyn Heights upset fourth-seeded Clive Caldwell of Toronto,
15-11, 15-14, 9-15, 15-8, yesterday afternoon as the Chivas Regal Open squash
racquets tournament opened at the Uptown Racquet Club.

Mark Talbott of Boston, the top- seeded player, defeated Frank Satterthwaite of
New York, 15-8, 15-8, 17- 14. The defending champion, Mario Sanchez of Mexico
City, seeded third, defeated Alberto Nunez of New York, 15-10, 15-4, 15-9.

In a match characterized by long, aggressive rallies, Boyum, a student at
Harvard, changed the pace frequently, hitting crisp shots. He had earned a spot
in the 32-man draw Thursday by defeating Doug Whittaker of Toronto, 7-15, 15-6,
15-4, 15-12, in the qualifying tournament.

The $34,000 tourney, one of five major events on the 27-stop World Professional
Squash Association tour, is being held at the Uptown Racquet Club, the Fifth
Avenue Racquet Club and the Lincoln Squash Club.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

New tennis director carries on a family tradition

BYLINE: Mic Huber

SECTION: C; ARCHIVES; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 782 words


Bugs is back at the Bath & Racquet Fitness Club.

Actually Bugs, better known today as Holly Holton Moore, has never strayed too
far from the venerable Sarasota establishment that is tucked away just east of
U.S. 41 near Bee Ridge Road in Sarasota. Just like the rest of the Holton
contingent, one of the first families of tennis in Sarasota, Moore has long been
part of the fabric of the facility.

Now, upholding the long tradition of the Holton clan at the Sarasota Bath &
Racquet Fitness Club, Holly, at the age of 42, has assumed the title of director
of tennis at the facility, stepping into the same position once held by older
sister Kathy.

"I am excited. It is a good opportunity ... a challenge," Moore said as she
scurried around taking care of a few loose ends at the club before hitting the
road to take her son, Michael, to the state closed junior tournament at Daytona
Beach.

While gone for the long weekend, Moore will have plenty of familiar family help
to keep the kids camps running at the club. Kathy Holton Rosenberg is on hand
and middle sister, Amy Holton Lyons, will step up.

"You don't just hire one Holton, it's the whole family," laughed Bath and
Racquet general manager Scott Olson, who explained the hire by saying he was
looking to infuse some energy into the tennis programs at the club.

The relationship between the Holton family and the tennis programs at the Bath &
Racquet has lasted for more than 35 years. It began when Richard and Marcy moved
the family from Ohio to Sarasota to take advantage of year-round tennis.

Ricky, Kathy, Amy, and little Holly, became regulars at the Bath and Racquet and
the siblings soon dominated the junior tennis scene locally, statewide and
nationally.

Holly, just 7 years old when the family landed in Sarasota, literally grew up on
tennis courts at the club. She became known as Bugs, a nickname given to her by
a tennis coach because of the way she moved around the courts.

Now she moves into the tennis leadership role.

"They keep trying to kick us out but we don't leave," she says, with a laugh,
about the bond between the family and the facility. "I guess we are here to
stay."

"It is a good deal for both of us, your family and mine," says Olson, who is the
son of Bath and Racquet owner Penny Wagstaff.

Moore's husband, Buddy, was also a junior tennis player at the B&R. She is the
mother of three children -- Michael, 17, who will be a senior at Riverview next
year; Emma, 15; and Lily, 12. With a background in real estate, she got back
into tennis several years ago by coaching for the Celsius Tennis Academy, which
operates out of the Bath and Racquet. She then moved over to coaching at the
B&R.

Moore also has coached the Riverview High boys tennis team for the past five
years, winning district titles each year. The team won region titles the past
four years and tied for fourth at the state tournament in April.

Coaching has turned into a family affair. Kathy coaches the Riverview High girls
tennis team, Amy coaches the boys and girls tennis teams at Cardinal Mooney and
Ricky recently joined the Riverview High baseball team as an assistant coach.

Moving into her new job will mean less time on the court for Moore. After a
couple of incidents with skin cancer, she sees that as a good thing. "I have a
lot of marketing and sales in my background," she said. "I am excited about
getting back to planning events. I like to throw a party."

First, there is the business of interviewing candidates for a couple of new
teaching positions at the club. Then the programs will fall into place.

There is a lot to take care of and a lot to keep Bugs hopping.

USTA women's event will return to The Oaks

The USTA $50,000 women's USTA Pro Circuit tournament will return to The Oaks
Club in Osprey for another year. Tom Whitten, tennis director at the Oaks Club,
said that the board voted unanimously to hold the tournament again next year.

"I am very excited for the Oaks Club $50,000 event for 2015," Whitten said.
"Last year's tournament was the strongest we have had and 2015 looks to be even
better. Hopefully we will have better luck with the weather."

Rain interrupted several days of play during the tournament held in March. But
the tournament, which managed to finish on time, drew an astonishing 11 players
ranked in the top 100 in the world and 23 of the 32 singles players were ranked
in the top 150.

The week after making the semifinals at The Oaks, Jana Cepelova beat Serena
Williams at the Family Circle Cup, a WTA event in Charleston, S.C.

Anna Karolina Schmiedlova, who won the event played in Osprey, beat Venus
Williams at the recent French Open.

-Please send tennis news to mic.huber@heraldtribune.com or call (941) 361-4853.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Holly Holton Moore, second from right, poses with her children, from
left, Lily,12, Michael, 17, and Emma, 15. Holton has assumed the title of
director of tennis at the Bath & Racquet Fitness Club, stepping into the same
position once held by her older sister Kathy. COURTESY PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 7, 2007 Wednesday
                                  East Edition

Doubles teams close to sectional berths

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 627 words


The St. Petersburg/Clearwater area USTA Senior Doubles League winds down this
month for the 21 women's and 24 men's teams in the 50-plus league. Area
champions advance to sectionals in May.

Completing their divisions last weekend were women's 3.0, 3.5 and 4.0 teams.
McMullen won the 3.0 with a 7-1 record among four teams, the Vinoy the 3.5 with
an unbeaten record among eight and St. Petersburg Tennis Center the 4.0 with a
6-0 record among seven.

The McMullen squad, with Julie Anderson captain, includes St. Petersburg's Debra
Harrington, Tampa's June Williams, Dunedin's Eileen Kitmiller and Clearwater's
Anderson, Connie Headley, Jane Dizona, Angelica Gans, Maryta Jensen and Diane
Hennequant.

The Vinoy 3.5 squad won its second straight area championship, losing just one
position among 18.

"We basically have the same team as last year with all but one qualified to
compete at sectionals and one other player injured and unable to go," said
non-playing captain Kathy Caffrey. "We're planning on 10 players going to
sectionals this year. Last year we had fewer and didn't do as well as we hoped."

Generally, Caffrey tried to keep players with regular partners, such as Pat
Miller and Teena Marks, Marion Foelgner and Linda Meehan, Diane Elias and
Suzanne Berns, Ruth Ann Ott and Xuan Duong and Vicki Fox and Rosemarie Terra.
Lynne Newton, who competed on the team during the season, is injured and will
not compete at sectionals.

Regular teams include captain Susan Hobbs and Ann Worthington, Barbara Brutus
and Carol Glenn, Linda Miller and Gisela Leyva, Joanne Valone and Sandy Martin
and Lisa Durkin and Lynn Pratt. Hobbs plans to mix around remaining players
Mechy Wright, Deb McCleery, Patti Prestera and Christy Monroe.

In the women's 4.5, two teams complete their six-match season March 31. In the
men's four divisions, competition continues through the end of this month.
Countryside Country Club is ahead of its one opponent in the 3.0, as is Royal
Racquet Club's 4.5 in its three-team division. Both have two matches remaining
this month, with the division determined by the overall record.

Feather Sound Country Club has a slight edge over its five opponents in the 3.5
North division and has yet to face second-place Shipwatch Tennis Club, Royal
Racquet and Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club. In the 3.5 South division, the
Racquet Club has a narrow lead over its four opponents with three matches left.

In the 4.0 division, Shipwatch is 4-1 with 12 individual wins and faces
second-place Vinoy and McMullen before the season concludes in the eight-team
division.

NET SHOTS: Ralph Howe and Michael Beautyman of North Carolina in the men's
60-and-over doubles and Peter Crewe and George McCabe in the 75 defended their
top seedings in the Raymond James Super Senior Grand Prix, a USTA Category II
national tournament at the St. Petersburg Country Club. Bob Meyerdierks was
second in the men's 80 singles and Bill Christensen placed fourth in the 60.

- Meyerdierks and Marc Mazo defended their top seeding and captured the men's
80-and-over and 55, respectively, in the West Coast Super Senior Grand Prix at
the St. Petersburg Tennis Center. Meyerdierks teamed with Lyn Abbot and added
the 80 doubles title. Top seeds Ralph Howe and Don Mathias won the 65 doubles,
as did Dave Krebs and Oz Winters in the 70.

COMING UP: The Royal Racquet Spring Fling begins Saturday at Royal Racquet Club
in Clearwater. Call 799-3200. ...A Rockin-Rookie Tournament begins Saturday at
the Seminole Lake Racquet Club. Call 394-1733. ...Sarmiento's Annual
Championships begin March 17 at the St. Petersburg Tennis Center. Call 823-2225.

News for this column may be faxed to Nancy Morgan, 445-4119; e-mailed to
namorgan@tampabay.rr.com; or sent to 710 Court St., Clearwater, FL 33756.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ran in all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

'Modern tennis' coming to area

BYLINE: By Charlie Garfinkel

SECTION: SPORTS; Racket sports; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 730 words


Bret Hobden is one of the most respected tennis professionals in the United
States. He has worked with outstanding pros such as Andre Agassi and Tommy Haas.
He has also put together a series of DVDs titled "Modern Tennis," four of which
have been playing on the Tennis Channel.

Based out of Naples, Fla., Hobden will be in Buffalo on July 23 for a full-day
seminar (8 a.m.-4 p.m.) at the Amherst Hills Tennis Club. His presentation,
which costs $65, is a must for all tennis coaches, high school and college, and
any tennis aficionado who is interested in learning about the modern game from
one of the leading experts.

The Buffalo News recently interviewed Hobden about what he calls Modern Tennis.

>BN: What exactly is Modern Tennis?

Hobden: Modern Tennis is a faster-paced version of the traditional game. It has
been developed over the years by leading professional players who are always
searching for an edge in competition. It is a new and better way of hitting the
tennis ball.

>BN: What are the main advantages of Modern Tennis?

Hobden: Modern Tennis allows you to have increased power, more efficient hitting
techniques, and expanded use of spin. It also allows you to hit aggressively
from a variety of impact points, increases the use of open hitting stances and
gives you a wider variety of shots.

>BN: There seems to be more injuries on the professional tennis tour than ever
before. Isn't this due to the stress that the open stance puts on players'
bodies?

Hobden: Nothing could be further from the truth. Injuries are not caused by the
newer strokes that the modern game entails. Injuries are caused by incorrect
off-court training. Even if players are training properly off court they often
overtrain and this is what leads to injuries.

As for hitting the ball with the open stance, if injuries occur, they happen
after a player makes impact with the ball. An abrupt or sudden stopping of a
shot, which is similar to slamming on the brakes on your car at 60 miles an
hour, is one of the leading causes of tennis injuries.

>BN: Isn't it true that you must use a Western or semi-Western grip to properly
hit a forehand with an open stance?

Hobden: Not necessarily. Andre Agassi and Pete Sampras both employ grips that
lean towards the Eastern grip. However, the Western and Semi-Western grips, when
used with the open stance, enables players to hit with a great amount of
topspin.

This allows them to hit with more confidence, better placement and control, and
more consistency.

You'll also notice that the follow-through isn't as high with the Western or
Semi Western grips; compared to the high follow through with the Eastern grip.

>BN: The Modern Game also emphasizes a Western grip on the backhand. This was
virtually unheard of just a few years ago. What are the advantages of this shot?

Hobden: When you get a chance to watch Justine Henin-Hardenne or other leading
pros on television, you will see that this grip allows a player to hit a one
handed backhand with more racket speed, topspin and power. In addition, the grip
allows a player to hit topspin backhands from shoulder level. Most players who
use an Eastern backhand have to slice a shot that is that high.

>BN: Most players feel that they should have a tight grip on their racket when
they make contact. What are your feelings about this strategy?

Hobden: This is a fallacy. Amateur players should emulate the pros. On a scale
of 1-5, with five being the highest for holding the racket tightly, most pros
hold their racket at 1/2 or at 1 when they begin their back swing. At the point
of contact they are at 11/2 or 2.

Most amateur players start their back swing at a 3 and often move to 5 or 6 at
contact. Suffice to say, holding the racket less tightly will allow the players
to hit a more fluid shot with more accuracy and power.

>BN: Do you have any tips for keeping your eye on the ball besides "watch the
ball."

Hobden: I never tell my students to watch the ball, I tell them to track the
ball.

When a ball is hit from deep court to the other side of the court it usually
travels about 85 feet. Most players will watch the ball for 80 feet. At 81 feet
they will lift their heads, causing them to make a miss-hit or error. Tracking
the ball to the racket will allow them to focus and make much better contact
with the ball.

For further information on the seminar call Todd Miller at 632-8600.

e-mail: thegreatgar@cs.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 17, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BORDEN PUTS FUN INTO YOUNGSTERS' LESSONS

BYLINE: By Charlie Garfinkel

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 873 words


Watching Amy Borden work with youngsters, either at South Towns Tennis Center
during the indoor season or at the Eagle Ridge Tennis and Swim Club during the
summer, is a joy.

The 29-year-old tennis teaching pro shows great patience, exuberance and
attention to detail with children ages 4-8. It is evident that she has an
excellent teaching background.

"When I played first singles at the University at Buffalo I had two excellent
role models in Russ Crispell and Kathy Twist, the men's and women's tennis
coaches, respectively," Borden said.

She stresses that her coaches taught her to have patience, how to work with all
types and ages of students, how to plan each lesson, and how to modify her
lessons to fit the needs of each individual or group.

However, there is so much more to Borden's success. When she teaches her
students, they are having so much fun that they don't even realize they are
learning at the same time.

"You have to realize that one-hour lessons can be a long time for youngsters
because of their short attention span," she said. "I make sure that there is
consistency and a routine to each lesson. Each child knows what to expect. I
demonstrate everything that I want them to do.

"I also run and jump with the kids just like they do when we do our drills
during the hour."

Borden's patience with the youngsters is unbelievable. She makes them feel at
home by asking them how their day has been. Even though she is working with age
4-8 youngsters in each group, she still talks to them one-on-one, and makes each
child feel he or she is the most important person in the lesson.

Borden stresses to parents that their children should have rackets sized to fit
them. Rackets used by parents or older siblings are not appropriate. Local
sporting, department, and tennis specialty shops sell rackets for youngsters for
as little as $10.

Borden starts the children by having them hit the balloons in the air and then
over the net. The balloons stay in play for a long time and are easier for the
children to hit. Tennis balls are a bit too heavy and aren't brought into the
program until the children have learned some basic skills.

Borden also uses lightweight foam balls, which get the children used to the feel
of hitting an actual ball. The children drop the balls on the racket and hit up
on them to get a "feel" for the ball. She also has the children push the balls
along the ground with their rackets to get the feeling of moving the balls
forward.

The children also do agility drills without their rackets. Borden tosses them
tennis balls that they catch on a bounce and then in the air. This helps to
improve their hand-eye coordination and stresses to them to keep their eyes on
the ball.

One of the children's favorite activities is to use small or medium cones, such
as the ones you see in work zones. They run forward and backward in an area
marked by the cones to catch balls in the air. This is a great drill for
improving footwork.

When the children finally start hitting forehands and backhands, Borden has them
stand in a series of hula hoops in two lines until it is their turn to hit. One
line is for forehands and the other line is for backhands. The kids love this.
More important, it's a great safety feature because the kids cannot move from
the hula hoop until it's their turn.

Borden likes to place tennis balls on bigger cones so the children can practice
their strokes hitting off of them. This is the tennis equivalent of T-ball.

From there, the kids proceed to the net where Borden feeds them easy volleys and
overheads with soft tennis balls. Each child stands in a hula hoop awaiting his
or her turn.

Serving drills are started from the service lines, where the children are taught
to hit up and over the net. Children are moved back towards the baseline to hit
their serves. However, it's a gradual process because many youngsters do not
have the arm strength to hit their serves from the baseline. It's evident that
Borden is an outstanding instructor (she also teaches in the Board of
Cooperative Educational Services school system) who is organized and has a great
amount of enthusiasm.

Todd Miller, the local tester for the National Professional Tennis Registry,
isn't surprised.

"Amy scored one of the highest marks when she took her professional teaching
test," Miller said. "She has a wonderful way with youngsters and adults alike.
She has a great affinity with keeping everyone busy, regardless of how many
children or adults there are in a group. This isn't an easy thing to do."

"Amy is wonderful with the youngsters," said Lisa Driscoll, whose daughter,
Brooke, takes lessons from Borden. "She has such a warm personality and is able
to transmit her love and knowledge of the game to the youngsters. Brooke and the
other youngsters in her groups absolutely adore her."

Zimmy ages well

Reinhart Zimmerman, affectionately known as "Zimmy," was the star of the recent
Western New York Racquetball Championships. The 51-year-old won the Open Singles
title over John Miosi and the doubles title with Roger Rusch, over Miosi and his
wife, Cheryl.

Zimmerman is one of the top players in the country in the 50-over division and
has won state, regional and national championships.

e-mail: thegreatgar@cs.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: James P. McCoy/Buffalo News Amy Borden gives instructions at South
Towns Tennis Center.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 3, 2000, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

UNION PLANTERS BANK HOPES TO SELL JOHN CONNORS' PLUSH RACQUET CLUB WITHIN 10;
DAYS

BYLINE: Jerry BergerBELLEVILLE, ILLINOIS; RACKET CLUB; BANKRUPTCY SALE; MEDIA
BOXER; MISSOURI POLITICS; HEATING; FUND-RAISER; ST. LOUIS CARDINALS; TICKET;
REFUNDS; BANK EXECUTIVE

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A2

LENGTH: 816 words


XMAS PRESENT: Belleville's John Connors was not a skimper. His projects - a
mansion and a 100,000-square-foot racquet club - were built with the best of
everything. The 14-court racquet club, in particular, was built to a level of
finish that astounded its competitors: marble floors, a kitchen designed by
Vince Bommarito, two swimming pools, three restaurants, a pair of self-watering
clay tennis courts, a clinic-level facility and metal halide lighting were among
its amenities. With Connors' journey through the bankruptcy courts still an
on-going story, the $ 18 million club and its nine acres have become one of the
most hotly contested pieces of real estate in the metro area. Although owner
Union Planters Bank is mum about its prized asset, eastside real estaters think
that the field of suitors has been narrowed to three, including a St. Louis area
high-tech firm, an academic institution and a real estate giant. A sale is
likely in the next 10 days.

BEAT IT: Al Wiman has checked himself out of KMOV (Channel 4), after a couple of
decades of reporting the latest advances in treating prostate problems,
allergies, lower back pain and chronic fatigue as the station's medical
reporter. All are matters of concern not only to the station's viewers, but also
to Wiman's spouse, Glenda, who flacks for WashU's medical school. Ex-colleagues
note that Wiman, whose contract expired a few weeks ago, had a one-year
"noncompete" clause that will keep him away from his destination, KSDK (Channel
5), for a decent interval. A contract is expected to be inked with Channel 5
today.

RING SIDERS: Boxing champ Evander Holyfield and a party of a dozen pals
attracted a ring-loadful of attention earlier this week at Portabella in
Clayton, where they dined on platters of Mark DelPietro's linguine and shrimp.
Also on the menu: a lot of talk about a new religion-oriented show on a TV
network. ... With next Tuesday's election looming ever nearer, the tempers of
some elected officials are superheated. A pair of all-stars, California
Congresswoman Maxine Waters and St. Louis jazz chanteuse Denise Thimes, teamed
up to energize Demo candidate Bob Holden's support among African-Americans at a
pouring at the Black Rep Thursday night. The host committee includes Dionne
Flowers, Eric Banks, Clifton Barry, Elaine Spearman, Eric Vickers, Luther
Boykins, Alan Wheat and Larry Williams. ... The Vail, Colo., apres snow crowd
should be thrilled to read here that troubadour Rod Powell will be serenading at
Cardwell's at the Plaza tonight through Sunday night. ... A new grass-roots
relief effort, Heat-Up St. Louis, will be unveiled later this month. The winter
heating assistance nonprofit corporation designed to help low-income families
and seniors in Missouri and Illinois is the brainchild of former Dollar-Help
fund-raiser and publicist Gentry Trotter. Trotter, who said he sold his Laclede
Gas shares, resigned in June from the Laclede Gas program after raising $ 8
million. He is putting the final touches on the rollout of the program in the
Bee Hat Building. Members of the all-volunteer board are: Norman Newmark, Tim
Gorline, Ida Goodwin-Woolfolk, Michelle Clay, Dave Jump and Michelle Ayala. The
program will also feature a summer program, Cool Down St. Louis. All
administrative costs will be underwritten so that every dollar collected will go
to the needy, says Newmark, general counsel.

CARDINALS RED: With refunds on unused tickets to playoff games beginning to
trickle out of the front offices of the St. Louis Cardinals, accountants have
begun the task of toting the final fiscal notes of the past season. Anticipation
of a historic season from Mark McGwire and surprisingly strong play from Jim
Edmonds and Will Clark led to strong ticket and concession sales, but the higher
caliber of play came at a big bump on the payroll side of the ledger. When the
Cards show off their books to city officials busy calculating a formula of
public assistance to a new ballpark project, the deficit side of the ledger will
add up to a whopping $ 9 million, say Cards insiders.

BERGER BITS: Some staffers of the Susman Schermer Rimmel & Shifrin law offices
were advised on Thursday that the firm will merge with Gallop Johnson & Neuman.
... After 36 years on the job, John Blixen has been booted from his post as
president of Mississippi Valley Advisers, of late the investment arm of
Mercantile Bank. Blixen's new Firstar bosses say they lost confidence in his
ability to carry out his duties. John was called in without notice and abruptly
told he was terminated, says his lawyer, Chip Seigel. No reason was given. He
was a lifelong, faithful and hard-working employee. Firstar recently revealed
that Blixen had talked about jumping ship last year with First Bank owner Jim
Dierberg. Eventually, half of Blixen's staff bolted over to Dierberg, but Blixen
stayed behind.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Jerry Berger Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 8, 2007 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Behind Their Thunder Sticks, Red Sox Sweep

BYLINE: By PAT BORZI

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; RED SOX 9, ANGELS 1; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 795 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, Calif., Oct. 7


On their way into Angel Stadium on Sunday morning, fans of the Los Angeles
Angels received the 2007 successor to the famed ThunderStix of five years ago --
red plastic, paddle-like noisemakers the club called Rally Rackets. Shaking them
produced a racket all right, and fans worked them repeatedly during the early
innings of Game 3 of the American League division series.

Then David Ortiz and Manny Ramirez of the Boston Red Sox supplied noisemakers of
their own -- consecutive long, loud home runs in the fourth inning against
starter Jered Weaver. The Rally Rackets were silenced for the most part, and the
Red Sox rode seven scoreless innings from Curt Schilling and a seven-run eighth
to rout the punchless Angels, 9-1, and sweep this best-of-five series.

Boston will have four days off before opening the American League Championship
Series on Friday at Fenway Park.

''Their pitching probably doesn't get as much notice as some of the guys on the
offensive side of that team,'' Angels Manager Mike Scioscia said of the Red Sox.
''That's the heartbeat of that club, and they pitched well in this series.''

The 40-year-old Schilling, pitching for the first time in 12 days, scattered six
hits and struck out four on this cloudless afternoon to win for the 9th time in
11 postseason decisions. He improved his postseason record for the best winning
percentage of any pitcher with at least 10 decisions (.818). In doing so,
Schilling frustrated a team that, at home, had led the majors in victories (54)
and batting average (.305).

But the Angels mustered little offense in the last two weeks of the season, and
in this series were not much better against a Red Sox team with the lowest
earned run average in the A.L. The Angels went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring
position Sunday to finish 2 for 22 in the series. They were shut out by Josh
Beckett in Game 1, managed four runs in the three games and scored in only 2 of
27 innings, including the ninth on Sunday.

''If I could have seen this coming, I would have been a psychic instead of a
baseball player, and I'd have millions of dollars,'' Red Sox center fielder Coco
Crisp said.

Boston's on-field celebration after the pinch-hitter Robb Quinlan flied out to
end the game was curiously subdued. Players jogged rather than sprinted from the
dugout and the bullpen, exchanged high fives and a few hugs, with no piling on
or jumping around.

The Red Sox made up for it in the clubhouse, with Ramirez dumping a plastic
bucket of water on General Manager Theo Epstein, who also caught a two-sided
Champagne spray from Ortiz and the backup catcher Doug Mirabelli.

''I don't know what we're going to do for a three and four hitter in the next
series,'' a drenched Epstein said.

Epstein was joking, of course. Ortiz and Ramirez single-handedly silenced a
boisterous crowd of 45,262, the largest at Angel Stadium since the 1998
renovation.

Ramirez's 22nd career postseason homer tied the former Yankee Bernie Williams
for the most in major league history. Ramirez and Ortiz combined for four homers
and seven runs batted in in the series. They had also hit consecutive home runs
in Game 3 of the 2005 division series against the White Sox.

''They put us on their backs and carried us the whole series offensively,''
Epstein said.

Weaver, the gangly 13-game winner who was making his postseason debut,
challenged Ortiz with a down-and-in fastball in the fourth. Ortiz golfed it over
the right-field fence. Then Weaver hung a full-count curveball to Ramirez, who
mashed it halfway up the batter's eye in center.

Unlike his game-winner Friday night in Boston, when Napoli left the area of the
plate before he did, Ramirez admired this briefly. He flipped the bat, stuck his
arms in front of him and walked toward first base.

''Manny did the Mummy a little too long,'' Crisp said of Ramirez's monster-like
pose. ''But it was cool.''

Schilling, who concedes he does not have  dominating stuff, continued on with a
workmanlike performance. He pitched mostly from the stretch as the Angels put
runners on base in five of his seven innings. But more than three-quarters of
his pitches found the strike zone (76 of 100), and he kept working out of
trouble.

He escaped a bases-loaded, two-out jam in the third by pitching around Vladimir
Guerrero and getting the rookie Reggie Willits to foul out. Willits had replaced
Garret Anderson (right eye conjunctivitis), who had trouble seeing in the bright
sunshine and left the game after two innings.

It was still a 2-0 game in the seventh when Schilling struck out Napoli with a
runner at third with his 100th pitch. ''There were a couple of points in this
game where I felt like the game was on the line,'' Schilling said, ''and that
was absolutely one of them.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Julio Lugo scoring during a seven-run eighth inning that broke
the game open for Boston. The Angels' catcher is Mike Napoli.(PHOTOGRAPH BY LISA
BLUMENFELD/GETTY IMAGES)
 The Red Sox won with seven shutout innings from Curt Schilling and early homers
from David Ortiz and Manny Ramirez.(PHOTOGRAPH BY ADAM DAVIS/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO
AGENCY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

FIR against racket of US visa/emigration facilitators

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 91

LENGTH: 215  words


The Federal Investigation Agency (FIA),Karachi, has lodged FIR against Racket of
US Visa/Emigration facilitators on the complaint of U.S Consulate Karachi.

A statement here on Wednesday said that the FIR resulted in arrest of two Visa
vendors namely accused Rizwan Momin and accused Akbar Adil who are stated to be
the members of the aforementioned Racket.

It said that these accused have so far facilitated more than 50 families against
Rs 40 Lacs per family.

These accused persons used to prepare fake documents and bank statements for
Visa process. After getting Visa, these accused have contacts in USA where, they
facilitate families for permanent settlement and jobs.

Initially, seven members of the racket have been identified, among them two
members are residing at UAE while one is present at USA. So far these accused
persons have grabbed millions of rupees from immigrants specially from Ismaili
community.

The financial transactions are being investigated which may lead to insiders.
Their email accounts have been examined which have resulted in retrieval of
incriminating material which confirms

their involvement in VISA/Emigration facilitation, which is cognizable offence
under the Emigration Ordinance 1979.

Raids are being conducted to nab remaining absconding accused persons.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Tuesday's scholastic sports at a glance

BYLINE: York Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1186 words


Scholastic sports

GIRLS' TENNISDISTRICT 3 TEAM TOURNAMENT

Class AAA Quarterfinals

At Hershey Racquet Club

Hempfield 3, Dallastown 0

Singles: Hagino (H) def. C. Friedrich, 6-0, 6-0. Klag (H) def. Berridge, 6-3,
7-5. Donel (H) def. A. Friedrich, 6-1, 6-2.

Cumberland Valley 3, Central York 2

Singles: Peters-Washington (CY) def. Ober, 6-2, 6-3. Mummert (CY) def. Motter,
6-3, 6-0. Miller (CV) def. Elder, 6-4, 6-4; Doubles: Maran/Datta (CV) def.
Donner/Brink, 3-6, 6-1, 7-6 (5). Svobodova/Michel (CV) def. Holland/Richwine,
6-4, 6-2.

Other Quarterfinal Team Results

Exeter 3, Lampeter-Strasburg 0.

Manheim Township 3, Hershey 0.

Wednesday's Semifinals

At Hershey Racquet Club

Exeter vs. Manheim Township, 11:30 a.m.

Hempfield vs. Cumberland Valley, 12:45 p.m.

Thursday's Finals

Semifinal winners meet at 3:15 p.m.

Thursday's Third-Place Match

Semifinal losers meet at 2 p.m.

Class AA

Wednesday's Semifinals

At Hershey Racquet Club

Berks Catholic vs. Pequea Valley, 2 p.m.

Bishop McDevitt vs. Wyomissing, 3:15 p.m.

Thursday's Final

Semifinal winners meet at 12:45 p.m.

Thursday's Third-Place Match

Semifinal losers meet at 11:30 a.m.DISTRICT 3 DOUBLES TOURNAMENT

First Round Matches

Friday, Oct. 23, Noon start

At Hershey Racquet Club

Class AAA

(1) Mann/Moore (Manheim Township) vs. Carson/Eschemann (Carlisle).
Chuprinsky/White (Governor Mifflin) vs. Schaefer/Rutledge (Lower Dauphin). (4)
Cramer/Grohoski (Exeter) vs. Rathmell/Strassenburg (McCaskey). C. Friedrich/A.
Friedrich (Dallastown) vs. Kitsock/Kelly (Manheim Township). Darkey/McBride
(Manheim Township) vs. Mummert/Elder (Central York). Glover/Logar (Cocalico) vs.
(3) Lewis/Searer (Hershey). Ober/Motter (Cumberland Valley) vs. T. Capoferri/S.
Capoferri (Lampeter-Strasburg). Markel/Moyer (New Oxford) vs. (2) Hagino/Klag
(Hempfield). Alternate: Strunk/Hartman (Cedar Crest).

Class AA

(1) Zechman/Shields (Lancaster Country Day) vs. Clancy/Cross (York Suburban).
Seabourne/Betts (Brandwine Heights) vs. Nudel/Hepfer (Camp Hill). (4) A.
Neudecker/E. Neudecker (Delone Catholic) vs. Cubbison/Lent (Lancaster Catholic).
Thomas/Schwamb (York Catholic) vs. Fussner/Logsdon (Kutztown). Nye/Stubblebine
(ELCO) vs. Bronkema/Peters (Lancaster Mennonite). Miller/Boone (Kennard-Dale)
vs. (3) Welker/Young (Bishop McDevitt). Haas/Purcell (Hamburg) vs. Long/Becker
(Trinity). Donecker/Weaver (Pequea Valley) vs. Hitz/Lerchen (Annville-Cleona).
Alternate: Burton/Ahmed (Lancaster Country Day).

FOOTBALLdistrict 3 POWER RATINGSclass aaaa

Top 16 Qualify

Team (Record)...................................Pts.

1. Central Dauphin (7-0) .852

2. Exeter (7-0) 802

3. Wilson (6-1) .799

4. Manheim Township (6-1) .792

5. Hempfield (6-1) .772

6. Cumberland Valley (6-1) .771

7. Dallastown (7-0) .766

8. Lower Dauphin (6-1) .759

9. Central Dauphin East (5-2) .743

10. Cedar Cliff (6-1) .738

11. South Western (5-2) .710

12. Governor Mifflin (4-3) .684

13. Red Lion (4-3) .636

14. Reading (4-3) .622

15. Harrisburg (3-4) .591

16. Conestoga Valley (3-4) .586

Other York-Adams schools

21. Central York (2-5) .505

26. York Tech (2-5) .318

27. York High (0-7) .298CLASS AAA

Top 16 Qualify

1. Solanco (7-0) .767

2. Bishop McDevitt (6-1) .766

3. Northeastern (6-1) .752

4. East Pennsboro (6-1) .749

5. Northern York (6-1) .746

6. Palmyra (6-1) .701

7. Manheim Central (5-2) .694

8. Lampeter Strasburg (5-2) .692

9. Middletown (5-2) .676

10. Greencastle Antrim (6-1) .676

11. Susquehanna Township (4-3) .657

12. Spring Grove (4-3) .646

13. Conrad Weiser (5-2) .646

14. Cocalico (4-3) .624

15. York Suburban (5-2) .619

16. Shippensburg (4-3) .580

Other York-Adams schools

18. Dover (4-3) .571

25. Susquehannock (3-4) .527

29. West York (2-5) .452

31. Eastern York (3-4) .430

32. Kennard Dale (2-5) .420

34. New Oxford (1-6) .349

35. Gettysburg (1-6) .340CLASS AA

Top Eight Qualify

1. Berks Catholic (7-0) .708

2. Wyomissing (7-0) .705

3. Hanover (7-0) .682

4. Boiling Springs (5-2) .622

5. Newport (6-1) .611

6. Annville Cleona (5-2) .575

7. Hamburg (4-3) .544

8. Susquenita (5-2) .539

Other York-Adams schools

9. Biglerville (4-3) .482

11. Bermudian Springs (3-4) .415

14. Littlestown (1-6) .324CLASS A

Top Four Qualify

1. Camp Hill (7-0) .722

2. Steelton Highspire (2-5) .464

3. York Catholic (3-4) .442

4. Millersburg (4-3) .421

Other York-Adams schools

7. Delone Catholic (2-5) .312

8. Fairfield (1-6) .282

CROSS COUNTRYYORK-ADAMS LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIPS

At Gettysburg High School

Boys' Results

Individual: 1. Filler (G), 16:21.91. 2. Greene (DC), 16:34.78. 3. Mears (YS),
16:35.12. 4. Raudensky (YS), 16:50.89. 5. Jacobson (DT), 16:55.33. 6. Maldonado
(SG), 17:01.91. 7. Boisch (RL), 17:03.20. 8. Miller (RL), 17:05.54. 9. McDonnell
(SQ), 17:07.17. 10. Long (BS), 17:10.91. 11. Culp (SG), 17:13.79. 12. Ohl (YS),
17:16.24. 13. Wagner (YS), 17:19.27. 14. Hake (NE), 17:19.85. 15. Gable (DT),
17:23.71. 16. Bittinger (LT), 17:25.93. 17. McElwain (NE), 17:27.59. 18. Wood
(BG), 17:35.06. 19. Llyod (DO), 17:35.66. 20. Kerr (YS), 17:36.57. 21. Smyser
(SG), 17:37.09. 22. Buzynski (CY), 17:39.75. 23. Bernhard (KD), 17:46.69. 24.
Timmons (SW), 17:49.60. 25. Gatchell (RL), 17:49.88.

Girls' Results

Individual: 1. Ferner (KD), 19:07.01. 2. M. McLain (EY), 19:15.43. 3. Salomon
(KD), 19:33.43. 4. Weaver (WY), 19:59.49. 5. Nalls (EY), 20:13.00. 6. Gettle
(YS), 20:14.97. 7. O. McLain (EY), 20:26.18. 8. Sneeringer (DC), 20:28.44. 9.
Bradley (NE), 20:30.80. 10. Fimmano (DT), 20:32.31. 11. Palm (CY), 20:36.41. 12.
Schluderberg (RL), 20:37.13. 13. Banchiere (SQ), 20:45.81. 14. Lance (YS),
20:48.33. 15. Mowrey (DC), 20:48.64. 16. Pfefferkorn (CY), 20:54.07. 17. Wise
(DT), 20:54.68. 18. Alberghini (DC), 20:56.02. 19. Groetz (DT), 21:01.98. 20.
Forry (SW), 21:08.50. 21. DuBois (DT), 21:11.96. 22. Wisensale (SW), 21:16.95.
23. Brown (DT), 21:19.84. 24. Pflaum (YS), 21:22.59. 25. Flemmens (YS),
21:22.92.

BOYS' SOCCERYork-Adams League Semifinals
Gettysburg 32 5
Biglervill 01 1
e

Goals: G, M. Yingling (2), Weikert, Wivell, Allinger. B, own goal; Assists: G,
Weikert, Myers, Kemp; Shots: G, 18. B, 5; Corners: G, 7. B, 3; Saves: G, Balas
(2), Tassou (1), Mejias (0). B, Thomas, 9.
Susquehannoc 10 1
k
Central York 41 5

Goals: CY, Gomes (3), Tolley, Mummert. Sus, Lippy; Assists: CY, Hileman (2),
Tolley, Gomes, Hughes. Sus, Gayle; Shots: CY, 18. Sus, 4; Corners: CY, 4. Sus,
2; Saves: CY, Holderegger (3), Stoll (1). Sus, Bilbie (13).Other Game
Trinity      10 1
York         00 0
Catholic

Goals: T, Gilbertson; Shots: T 6. YC 3; Corners: T 2. YC 5; Saves: T, Smith (2).
YC, Higgins (5).

GIRLS' SOCCERYork-adams league semifinals
Dallastown  021 3
Northeaster 110 2
n

Goals: D, Hartman, Wilt, Rexroth. N, Arentz, Osborn; Assists: D, Hartman,
Jamison. N, Patrick; Shots: D, 18. N, 5; Corners: D, 2. N, 2; Saves: D, Hameier
(1), Bergman (1). N, Schroter, 9.
Centra 00 0
l
Dover  01 1

Goals: DO, Eschelman; Shots: CY 12. DO 15; Corners: CY 4. DO 2; Saves: CY,
Johnson (14). DO, Wantz (12).

GIRLS' VOLLEYBALLYork-Adams League

Division I
             Tea W L
             m
Central York 11  0
Red Lion     9   2
South        6   5
Western
Spring Grove 6   5
New Oxford   4   8
Dallastown   3   8
Dover        0   1
                 1

Division II
Susquehannoc 1 1
k            2
York         1 2
Suburban     1
West York    1 3
             0
Kennard-Dale 8 5
Gettysburg   6 7
Northeastern 3 1
               0
Eastern York 2 1
               1
York High    0 1
               3

Division III
Delone Catholic  1 0
                 1
Hanover          9 2
Bermudian        8 4
Springs
York Catholic    6 6
Littlestown      4 7
York Tech        2 1
                   0
Fairfield        0 1
                   1

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 16, 1984 Saturday

Hot money is a way of life

BYLINE: GEOFFREY MATTHEWS; OBS

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: BOGOTA, Colombia


BY  GEOFFREY MATTHEWS
                           London Observer Service
 BOGOTA, Colombia
 COLOMBIAN businessman Herman Botero Moreno has never been short of a buck.

Indeed, he once waved a fistful of crisp, new, high-denomination dollar  bills
at the referee during a crucial soccer game in Colombia's Premier  League. The
gesture was the hot-blooded Mr. Botero's way of insinuating  that the ref had
been bribed with "dineros calientes" (hot money) to favor  the team playing
against the club of which Mr. Botero is the fanatical  chairman.

Mr. Botero may well have been right, given the way "hot money" - local
 slang for the proceeds from the billion-dollar cocaine and marijuana
 racket - is known to have permeated Colombian soccer and many other
 sectors of national life. But if the charges of the U.S. Drug Enforcement
 Agency (DEA) are true, that fistful of dollars Mr. Botero waved was
 probably hot, too.

As a result of Colombia's suddenly explosive war on the drug racket and
 allegations from the DEA that Mr. Botero is a leading exponent of the
 subtle and most lucrative art of "washing" drug money, he was recently
 arrested, pending government consideration of an expected application from
 the United States to extradite him.

His good-humored wife Lia Montonya insists that it is all a frame-up
 and that he is a respectable businessman dealing in real estate.

President Belisario Betancur Cuartas recently declared war on the drug
 racket following the assassination in Bogota on April 30 of Justice
 Minister Rodrigo Lara Bonilla.

Many investigators of the racket - including police detectives, judges,
 journalists and even priests - have been similarly murdered by highly
 professional killers riding motorcycles, principally in Mr. Botero's home
 town of Medellin, and Mr. Lara's assassins are known to have been hired in
 that city.

Charges that Mr. Botero was involved in the racket surfaced three years
 ago when U.S. authorities claimed that he had "washed" millions of dollars
 of drug money in banks in Florida. Since then, the United States has
 claimed that Mr. Botero and his brother bribed officials of the Landmark
 Bank in Fort Lauderdale to falsify a series of documents and not to record
 their monetary transactions.

It is also alleged that millions of dollars in the Landmark Bank were
 later transferred to four Colombian banks and then converted into pesos
 through the money exchange office of a Medellin hotel owned by Mr. Botero.

It is thought extremely doubtful that Mr. Botero will ever be
 extradited to the United States. Cases under the extradition treaty must
 involve offences considered crimes in both countries, according to the
 terms of the treaty. However, lawyers here point out that while the
 "washing" or "laundering" of money is a crime in the United States, it is
 considered only a monetary infraction under Colombian law.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of Diadem Sports, LLC titled as "STRING FOR
SPORTS RACQUET AND SPORTS RACQUET WITH IMPROVED STRING"

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140329623, published on November 06, 2014, by Diadem Sports, LLC, titled as
"STRING FOR SPORTS RACQUET AND SPORTS RACQUET WITH IMPROVED STRING" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors: Specht; Joel Evan; (Boynton Beach, FL)
Assignee:   Diadem Sports, LLC
Boynton Beach
FL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
accordance with the embodiments of the present invention, a resilient and
elastic single-filament string for a sports racquet, and an accompanying
complete sports racquet is provided. The string includes a central body with
ridges that extend axially along the length of said central body, where the
ridges and central body are initially formed as a single homogeneous structure.
The sports racquet incorporates at least one of these single-filament strings,
along with a frame formed of a rigid material containing a number of holes."

The Patent was filed on May 1, 2014 under application No. 20140329623

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of Diadem Sports, LLC titled as "STRING FOR
SPORTS RACQUET AND SPORTS RACQUET WITH IMPROVED STRING"

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140329623, published on November 06, 2014, by Diadem Sports, LLC, titled as
"STRING FOR SPORTS RACQUET AND SPORTS RACQUET WITH IMPROVED STRING" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors: Specht; Joel Evan; (Boynton Beach, FL)
Assignee:   Diadem Sports, LLC
Boynton Beach
FL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
accordance with the embodiments of the present invention, a resilient and
elastic single-filament string for a sports racquet, and an accompanying
complete sports racquet is provided. The string includes a central body with
ridges that extend axially along the length of said central body, where the
ridges and central body are initially formed as a single homogeneous structure.
The sports racquet incorporates at least one of these single-filament strings,
along with a frame formed of a rigid material containing a number of holes."

The Patent was filed on May 1, 2014 under application No. 20140329623

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 1, 2007 Thursday

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 188 words





UTENNIS

Racqueteers, Feb. 21 results

Bardmoor tied Innisbrook 7-7; Dunedin d. Southwest 12-0; Hot Strings d. Kourt
Kats 9-7; Royal Racquets d. Seminole Lakers 9-5; McMullen tied Countryside 6-6;
East Lake II d. Royal Roadrunners 11-3; Luv Breakers d. Royal Nets 9-4; Match
Makers d. East Lake I 8-4.

Pinellas Area Doubles League, Feb. 22 results

Racquet Club I d. Spa 10-2; Shipwatch d. McMullen I 8-3; Feather Sound d.
Countryside I 7-5; Belleair I d. Innisbrook 6-5; East Lake I d. Bardmoor I 10-0;
Vinoy II d. Royal Racquet I 8-3; S. Pete Tennis Center d. St. Petersburg CC
10-2; Royal Racquet II d. Vinoy I 6-4; Royal Racquet III d. Racquet Club II 8-4;
Treasure Island d. McMullen II 10-2; Bardmoor II d. East Lake III 10-1; East
Lake II d. Countryside II 10-1.

Advantage Ladies Tennis League, Feb. 27 results

Sheraton Suns d. Seminole Lake 6-0; Dunedin d. Sheraton Stars 4-3; McM Take Two
d. McM Court Sports 4-2; McM Court Jesters d. McM Energizers 4-3; Aces d. McM
Smashers 4-3.

SUBMISSIONS

Announcements to appear in For The Record should be mailed to Times Sports, P.O.
Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731-1121.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; LARGO TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

GRAPHIC: Correction:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 15, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

PLAYERS;
CHAMPION PONDERS SCALING HIGH WALL

BYLINE: By Malcolm Moran

SECTION: Section B; Page 22, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 781 words


Alicia McConnell has never forgotten the feeling. It was about

eight years ago that she played in a tennis tournament for the first time. She
was 13 years old, and she and her friend Mary Holbert went from Brooklyn Heights
out to a club on Long Island. ''We showed up in our little white shorts and
T-shirts, and one racquet,'' she remembered. ''We both gradually found out who
we were playing, and they introduced us.''

She discovered that her opponent wore an expensive sweatsuit and cradled a
bundle of racquets in her arms. ''I just felt really intimidated,'' she
recalled. The negative impressions did not stop then. She saw children
struggling to act like adults, and adults acting like children. She saw the
parents of other players watching.

The experience became enough for her to think about trying squash racquets.

Encouraged by an atmosphere she found more relaxed, she became the most
successful woman in the game. She has dominated play both at the intercollegiate
level, at the University of Pennsylvania, and in national tournaments. She has
won the last three national women's championships.

''It's good to get beaten once in a while,'' she said. ''It wakes you up. It's
'O.K., I've got to get in gear again.' '' The attitude is a healthy one, but
there has been one problem. She has not known the sensation of losing in a long
time.

The experience is becoming enough for her to think about trying tennis.

As if there were not enough decisions to face at age 21, with graduation from
college just months away, Miss McConnell is considering the possibility of
facing what would be her greatest athletic challenge - abandoning the security
that squash racquets can offer in an attempt to become a professional tennis
player. ''It's just playing four hours a day to get it back,'' she said, and
rolled her eyes. ''No problem.''


She has returned to New York

from London, where she is

spending this semester as a student, to defend her No. 1 ranking at the Chivas
Regal Open, which begins tomorrow at the Uptown Racquet Club at 151 East 86th
Street in Manhattan. Sometime before the weekend is over - the women's final
will he held at 6:30 P.M. Monday, an hour before the men's final - Miss
McConnell will decide whether she will turn professional. To this point, the
money she has earned in tournaments has gone from the sponsors to the United
States Squash Racquets Association and the Hunger Project. If the money from
this tournament goes to Alicia McConnell, she will have to give up her lacrosse
career at Penn.

And then, if she chooses to restart a tennis career as she approaches her 22d
birthday, she will have to leave squash racquets behind, at least for a while.

The thought has occurred to her, more than once, that her life may have been
different, had she chosen to overlook the flaws of a child's tennis experience
and work to improve. ''I still postulate that,'' she said.

She was not talking about money so much as other types of rewards. ''Sometimes
I'll say to myself: 'Great, you're No. 1 at squash. But how many people play
squash?' '' Glass courts have helped make it easier for more people to watch,
but the walls are still there. Alicia McConnell can be described as the Martina
of women's squash, and the meaning is understood. Martina Navratilova is not
known as the Alicia of women's tennis.

So, in an era when a young woman can become a leading professional tennis player
at 16 and a has-been by 21, Miss McConnell is thinking of what might seem to be
the unthinkable: to try to master a related but different sport, at the highest
level, at an age when many athletes have already become discouraged.


''That's why I really think about it,'' she said. ''Not so much whether I'd
succeed or fail at doing well. The challenge. It's really difficult going back
to a sport where a lot of people think I'd have no chance. I'd have to work
hard. What I would do is train for a couple of years. Then if I don't do well,
I'd know, clearly, I can't do it. I'd answer one question in my head. Age has
nothing to do with it. Maybe a little, but 80 percent is mental.''

One decision at a time. First, she must decide whether she will turn
professional. Once the decision is made, the process is not difficult. ''Thanks
for the check,'' she said, extending her hand for an imaginary congratulatory
handshake. ''That's all I have to do. It's not hard.''

Then she must determine whether she wants to face the expensive sweatsuits in a
world she once found distasteful. Miss McConnell said she was better equipped to
deal with that world now. ''I'd just buy 10 tennis racquets and walk around like
they do,'' she said, and smiled.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Alicia McConnell

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Raonic exits after marathon match

BYLINE: Howard Fendrich, The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 448 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The cramping became so debilitating, Milos Raonic said, he couldn't grip his
racket properly.

The Wimbledon runner-up just last month, and seeded No. 5 at the U.S. Open,
Raonic began to feel pain near his left wrist midway through the second set of
what would become a stunning 6-7 (4), 7-5, 7-5, 6-1 second-round loss to
120th-ranked American qualifier Ryan Harrison on Wednesday.

Eventually, the problem spread to Raonic's right forearm. Then both thighs. Then
his left hip flexor. Afterward, his back seized up when he tried to sling his
equipment bag over a shoulder. No way to try to win a tennis match. Or to serve:
That's normally his most effective stroke, yet he double-faulted 15 times.

"It was just catching me all over," Raonic said. "I started getting small
[cramps] where I couldn't hold the racket. I couldn't switch grips from one
point to the next. There were a few points where I would hold the racket with my
left and try to stretch out my right hand in between shots - and that's not
going to work."

He was one of a trio of highly seeded players to exit Flushing Meadows on Day 3,
although the other departures were less surprising.

No. 3 Garbine Muguruza, the French Open champion, made 38 unforced errors and
bowed out 7-5, 6-4 against Anastasija Sevastova at night. All four of Muguruza's
U.S. Open appearances have ended in the first or second round. No. 9 Svetlana
Kuznetsova, the 2004 champion, took the first four games before losing 6-4, 6-4
to Caroline Wozniacki, who is unseeded but can rely on the muscle memory from
two trips to the final in New York.

Later under the lights, the tournament's new, $150-million retractable roof
above Arthur Ashe Stadium was closed during a match for the first time, when
there was rain during the second set of Rafael Nadal's contest against Andreas
Seppi.

Raonic was a semifinalist at Wimbledon in 2014 and at the Australian Open this
January. Then, while briefly working with John McEnroe, he beat Roger Federer in
the semifinals at the All England Club in July to reach his first Grand Slam
final.

"I was my own worst enemy today," Raonic said. "I tried the best I could to find
my way out of it. My body didn't let me."

Harrison, meanwhile, finally has the sort of breakthrough victory predicted long
ago for him. He entered Wednesday with a 1-26 record for his career against
top-10 opponents The 24-year-old, born in Louisiana and now based in Texas,
earned his first trip to the third round at a Grand Slam tournament. He had been
0-6 in second-round matches.

"It's mental maturity, a little bit of stabilization with everything around me
that is allowing me to play with a sense of calm and also with excitement," said
Harrison.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Squash: Menlo Park's Morgan training for Jr. World Championships

BYLINE: John Reid, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 372 words


June 18--By John Reid

Daily News Staff Writer

Gabriel Morgan is traveling in fast squash company. Morgan, a senior at Menlo
School-Atherton in the fall, is training with professional squash players, Greg
Gaultier and Amr Shabana at a camp in McLean, Va.

Shabana, a four-time world champion, was ranked No. 1 in the world in 2006.
Coaching at the camp is Shahier Razik, a retired professional.

Morgan, a member of Team USA, is getting ready for the Junior World Junior
Squash Championships in Eindhoven, Netherlands, which starts July 21. This is
Morgan's first trip to a World Championship.

"I'm training hard," Morgan said. "I'm getting physically strong and fit. I
should be at my peak by the time Worlds start."

Morgan was an integral part of Menlo's championship tennis team in the spring,
as the Knights won the Central Coast Section and Northern California crowns.

A squash racket is a little smaller and lighter than a tennis racket, Morgan
said.

"It's racket skills," Morgan said. "I'm a finesse player and like to use my
head. I want to expose the opponent's weaknesses."

Morgan has played squash since he was 9, but kept on his tennis game, at the
same time.

"I played both sports because I didn't want to burn out playing just one of
them," Morgan said.

After training with the pros, Morgan heads to Yale University where he'll train
with the National Junior Team.

Morgan has been nominated to represent the U.S. at the 2015 Pan-American Junior
Games, Aug. 31 through Sept. 6, in Resistencia, Argentina. He will find out
within a week if he will get the nod.

"My goal is to represent the U.S. the best I can," Morgan said. "It's a great
honor."

A member of the Professional Squash Association (PSA), Morgan has a world
ranking of No. 343. He is ranked in the top five in the United States among
players under 19.

In September, Morgan plays in the qualifying round of the $100,000 PSA 2015
NetSuite Open Squash Championships, held at Justin Herman Plaza in San
Francisco.

Email John Reid at jreid@dailynewsgroup.com; follow him at
twitter.com/dailynewsjohn.

___ (c)2015 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150618-PL-Squash-Menlo-Park-s-Morgan-training-for-Jr-World-Championships-0618-
20150618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2015 Palo Alto Daily News


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   amNewYork

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday

BRIEF: Sampras unveils secret racket in Federer match

BYLINE: Max J. Dickstein, amNewYork, New York

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 178 words


Mar. 12--Pete Sampras and the victorious Roger Federer were nearing the end of a
news conference after their historic tennis exhibition at Madison Square Garden
Monday night when a reporter asked the retired American which racket he'd chosen
for the match.

Both Sampras and Federer, the world's No. 1 and a 12-time Grand Slam winner, had
played with Wilson rackets. But Sampras cracked his aces with a nondescript
black stick that was wrapped with purple grip tape -- an apparent throwback to
the Wilson ProStaff 6.0 models Sampras used to win his record 14 majors.

So, Sampras was asked, was that an old ProStaff standby in your hand, the
predecessor of Federer's newfangled Wilson K Factor [K] Six.One Tour 90?

To see more of amNewYork, go to http://www.amny.com. Copyright (c) 2008,
amNewYork, New York Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080312-YN-BRF-Sampras-unveils-secret-racket-in-Federer-match-0312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YN


                                 Copyright 2008


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                              July 30, 2012 Monday

Prince Sports wins confirmation

BYLINE: by Aviva Gat

LENGTH: 860 words


Tennis racket maker Prince Sports Inc. is set to exit bankruptcy just about
three months after filing for Chapter 11 with a prenegotiated debt-for-equity
swap.  Judge Kevin J. Carey of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of
Delaware in Wilmington confirmed Prince's reorganization plan on July 27.
Richard A. Chesley of DLA Piper US LLP, counsel to prepetition lender and
soon-to-be owner ABG-Prince LLC, expected the plan to take effect on Tuesday.
Under the plan, ABG-Prince will receive 100% of the debtor's equity in return
for its $65 million claim. ABG-Prince is an affiliate of Authentic Brands Group
LLC, a New York brand-licensing company that owns sports consumer brands
including Sportcraft, TapouT, Iron Star and Sinister, as well as rights to use
Marilyn Monroe's name and likeness and to license certain photographs. Private
equity firm Leonard Green & Partners LP, in turn, owns Authentic Brands.

ABG-Prince will waive its rights to any deficiency claim under the plan.  Other
secured creditors and holders of priority claims will be paid in full.  General
unsecured creditors will receive a pro rata share of $500,000 and proceeds from
certain causes of action for an estimated 2.7% recovery, while old equity
holders will be wiped out.  Court papers show only ABG-Prince and general
unsecured creditors voted on the plan. Some 96.72% of unsecured creditors,
holding 99.99% of claims, voted in favor of the plan. Carey approved the
disclosure statement for the plan on June 19.  Meanwhile, Carey on July 26
approved bonus and severance requests from Prince.  According to a July 6
motion, three rank-and-file employees will receive bonuses as they help
transition their responsibilities to a licensee of Prince's Europe, Middle East
and Africa business. Their positions were eliminated through the restructuring.
The bonuses will be equal to four weeks of salary and will not exceed $15,000.
Prince said it needed to give out the bonuses because the employees have no
reason to help: as soon as they do, they are out of a job. Prince said it wanted
to ensure the employees stayed until they complete the transition. Moreover, the
employees have extra work now that they are transitioning their
responsibilities.  Prince will also hand out severance payments to 25 other
employees whose jobs have been eliminated through the restructuring. Severance
payments will total about $60,000 and be equal to two weeks of salary for each
employee.  Prince, owned by Providence, R.I., PE firm Nautic Partners LLC, filed
for Chapter 11 on May 1 with a prenegotiated plan and a $2.5 million
debtor-in-possession loan from ABG-Prince.  The Bordentown, N.J., debtor is a
premier branded sporting goods company that develops, sources and markets racket
sports equipment, footwear, apparel and accessories for tennis and indoor court
sports such as squash and racquetball, according to a declaration from Prince
president and CEO Gordon Boggis.  Prince also sponsors some of tennis' most
elite athletes, including David Ferrer, Gael Monfils, Vera Zvonareva and the
Bryan brothers.  Founded in 1970, Prince is known for innovating new designs,
including the "oversized" racket, the "longbody" racket and other racket
technology. Its brands include Viking Athletics, which specializes in platform
tennis equipment, and Ektelon, which makes racquetball equipment.  Prince blamed
its bankruptcy on reduced demand for its products combined with increased
competition over the past five years. In response to its decline, in November
2010, Prince sought to sell the rights to certain brands and its operations in
China to pay down significant debts to its then-lenders. The process ended in
February 2011 because Prince did not receive any acceptable bids for the
marketed assets. Instead, Prince sought to upgrade its products and incorporate
new advertising strategies to increase demands for its products.  Prince then
commenced a second sale process in October in hopes of selling its assets or
entering into additional licensing agreements. Prince engaged Robert W. Baird &
Co., which found that several parties were interested in acquiring the company
as a going concern.  By March, Baird was in talks with three potential
purchasers each of which were offering less than Prince's outstanding secured
debt. Meanwhile, on March 27, ABG-Prince acquired Prince's $65 million in
secured debt from GE Capital Corp.and Madison Capital Funding LLCand indicated
its interest in acquiring the company. Prince then decided a sale to ABG-Prince
would be its best option to reorganize successfully.  The company had $54.2
million in assets and $77 million in liabilities as of Dec. 31.  Laura Davis
Jones, David M. Bertenthal, Joshua M. Fried and James O'Neill of Pachulski Stang
Ziehl & Jones LLPare debtor counsel. Chesley, Matthew M. Murphy and Stuart Brown
of DLA Piper represent ABG-Prince.  Michael P. Richman, Mark A. Salzberg and
Anthony Nguyen of Patton Boggs LLPand Jeffrey C. Wisler, Zhun Lu, Marc J.
Phillips and Kelly M. Conlan of Connolly Bove Lodge & Hutz LLP are counsel to
the official committee of unsecured creditors.

DEAL SIZE

$ 50-250 Million

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 21, 1990, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

SWIMMING

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 813 words


U.S. SHORT COURSE CHAMPIONSHIPS
Tuesday at Nashville
Results of the Phillips 66 national championships at the Metropolitan Sports
Complex (all distances in 25-yard pool):
MEN - 100 freestyle: 1. Matt Biondi, Moraga, Calif., San Ramon Valley Aquatics,
42.30 (meet record, old record, 42.32, Biondi, 1985); 2. Tom Jager, Albuquerque,
Santa Clara Swim Club, 42.58; 3. Steve Crocker, Little Rock, Ark., Little Rock
Racquet Club, 43.06; 4. Doug Boyd, Prides Crossing, Mass., Little Rock Racquet
Club, 43.49; 5. Keith Anderson, Hattiesburg, Miss., Longhorn, 43.76; 6. Adam
Schmitt, Houston, The Woodlands, 43.99; 7. Joe Hudepohl, Cincinnati, Cincinnati
Pepsi Marlins, 44.02; 8. Eric Hansen, Ames, Iowa, Hillenbrand Aquatics, 44.15.
200 breaststroke: 1. Nelson Diebel, Chicago, Heightstown, N.J., 1: 57.16; 2.
Jeff Kubiak, Davis, Calif., Longhorn Aquatics, 1: 58.24; 3. Tyler Mayfield, Las
Vegas, Las Vegas Gold, 1: 58.27; 4. Alex Marcek, Czechoslovakia, San Ramon
Valley Aquatics, 1: 58.43; 5. Seth Van Neerden, Wilmington, Del., Wilmington
Aquatics, 1: 59.17; 6. Joszef Szabo, Hungary, 2: 00.64; 7. Greg Latta, San
Diego, Heartland Swim Club, 2: 01.27; 8. Trent Staats, Austin, Texas, Longhorn,
2: 01.39. 200 backstroke: 1. Derek Weatherford, Fort Myers, Fla., Swim Florida,
1: 46.17; 2. Royce Sharp, Houston, Peddie Aquatics, 1: 46.77; 3 (tie). Greg
Burgess, Jacksonville, Fla., Bolles School, and Tamas Darnyi, Hungary, 1: 48.03;
5. Andy Gill, Oviedo, Fla., Longhorn, 1: 48.54; 6. Trip Zedlitz, Oklahoma City,
Kerr-McGee Swim Club, 1: 48.57; 7. Wyatt Russo, Plano, Texas, City of Plano Swim
Team, 1: 48.64; 8. Josh Davis, San Antonio, Alamo Heights Aquatic Club, 1:
48.76. 200 butterfly: 1. Brian Alderman, Santa Barbara, Calif., Santa Barbara
Swim Club, 1: 45.64; 2. Ray Carey, Marblehead, Mass., Bernal's Gators, 1: 47.26;
3. Robert Pinter, Romania, University of Wisconsin, 1: 47.54; 4. Mike Shaffer,
Sacramento, CLASS Aquatics, 1: 47.56; 5. Bill Stapleton, Edwardsville, Ill.,
Longhorn, 1: 47.80; 6. Mike Johnson, Ankney, Iowa, Hawkeye, 1: 48.14; 7. Rob
Harvey, Sacramento, Capital Aquatics, 1: 48.70; 8. Yann deFabrique, Boynton
Beach, Fla., Pine Crest, 1: 48.95.
WOMEN - 100 freestyle: 1. Nicolle Haislett, St. Petersburg, Fla., St. Petersburg
Aquatics, 48.83 (meet record, old record, 48.89 by Tammy Thomas, Kansas, 1983);
2. Betsy Mitchell, Marietta, Ohio, Longhorn, 49.73; 3. Jenny Thompson, Dover,
N.H., Seacoast Swim Club, 49.78; 4. Indira Allick, San Antonio, Texas, Alamo
Heights Swim Club, 49.98; 5. Colleen Eckhardt, Santa Clara, Calif., Santa Clara
Swim Club, 49.99; 6. Carrie Steinseifer, Phoenix, Phoenician Swim Team, 50.13;
7. Mitzi Kremer, Titusville, Fla., Mission Bay, 50.18; 8. Grace Cornelius,
Newtown Square, Pa., Suburban Swim Club, 50.53. 200 breaststroke: 1. Mary Ellen
Blanchard, Norcross, Ga., Dynamo Swim Club, 2: 10.13; 2. Jill Johnson, Tiburon,
Calif, Tarn-pure, 2: 11.73; 3. Tracey McFarlane, Austin, Texas, Longhorn
Aquatics, 2: 11.88; 4. Tori DeSilva, Boca Raton, Fla., Mission Bay, 2: 13.83; 5.
Amy Cavanaugh, Dunwoody, Ga., Dynamo Swim Club, 2: 15.01; 6. Kristine Quance,
Northridge, Calif., Valley Aquatics, 2: 16.09; 7. Anita Nall, Towson, Md., North
Baltimore Aquatic Club, 2: 16.13; 8. Robin Lewis, Wilton, Conn., Wilton Y
Wahoos, 2: 19.63. 200 backstroke: 1. Janie Wagstaff, Overland Park, Kan., Kansas
City Blazers, 1: 56.14 (meet record, old record 1: 57.02, by Tracy Caulkins,
1981); 2. Dede Trimble, Short Hills, N.J., Tarn-pure, 1: 58.64; 3. Erika Hansen,
King of Prussia, Pa., Longhorn, 1: 59.68; 4. Susannah Miller, Tiburon, Calif.,
Tarn-pure, 2: 00.21; 5. K.C. Cline, Tacoma, Wash., Tacoma Swim Club, 2: 01.85;
6. Heather Ray, Towson, Md., North Baltimore Aquatic Club, 2: 01.95; 7. Tammy
Shannon, Portland, Ore., Multnomah Athletic Club, 2: 02.74; Larissa Herold,
Dover, N.H., Seacoast Swim Club, disqualified. 200 butterfly: 1. Summer Sanders,
Roseville, Calif., Calif. Capital Aquatics, 1: 55.91; 2. Tori DeSilva, Boca
Raton, Fla., Mission Bay, 2: 00.00; 3. Nicole Dreeseen, Houston, Dad's Club, 2:
00.07; 4. Christy Sax, Memphis, Memphis State, 2: 00.49; 5. Talor Bendel,
Covington, Ky., Anderson Barracudas, 2: 01.00; 6. Angie Wester-Krieg, Fremont,
Calif, unattached, 2: 01.07; 7. Elizabeth Barnhardt, Charlotte, N.C.,
Mecklenburg Aquatics, 2: 01.71; 8. Danielle Strader, Hatfield, Pa., Foxcatcher,
2: 03.14.
Team scores (after second day): Men: 1. Longhorn, Austin, Texas, 74; 2. Mission
Viejo, Calif., 51; 3. Peddie Aquatics, Heightstown, N.J., 43; 4. San Ramon
Valley, Calif., 35; 5. Tualatin Hills, Portland, Ore., 21. Women: 1. Longhorn,
Austin, Texas, 76; 2. Dynamo, Atlanta, 58; 3. Tarn-Pure, Palo Alto, Calif,. 49;
4. Mission Bay, Boca Raton, Fla., 44; 5. Peddie Aquatics, Heightstown, N.J., 36.
Combined: 1. Longhorn, 150; 2. Mission Viejo, 82; 3. Peddie Aquatics, 79; 4.
Dynamo, 67; 5. Santa Clara, 37.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: For the Record

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                              June 3, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

High has knack for winning

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 658 words


Greg High is a man of many interests. A voracious reader, High is a student of
history, the owner of a fine collection of antique tennis rackets and a lecturer
on the game of chess.

He is also a pretty good tennis player, who knows what it takes to be a part of
a championship team.

High, who has been the director of tennis at the Palm-Aire Country Club for the
past decade, recently earned his third trip to a national championship final.
His latest tennis accomplishment came at the Men's Senior 4.5 level Florida
State Sectional Championship tournament held at the USTA's tennis center in
Daytona Beach recently.

High previously won sectional titles in 2005 and 2007 with a team out of the
Racquet Club at El Conquistador in Bradenton.

Since USTA rules prevent sectional-winning teams from reforming intact for at
least one year, High and Bradenton's Dan McClure joined a team based out of St.
Petersburg. The team, captained by Mark Mazo, easily won the district level
competition and then took the sectional title to earn a trip to Tucson, Ariz.,
on Oct. 24-26 for the national event.

High, who will turn 55 next month and has been married for 30 years to his wife
and business partner, Susan, grew up in Pennsylvania and was pretty much a
self-taught tennis player.

Early on he had an interest in reading and learning about the game. As he got
older, he took more lessons and played college tennis at Baldwin-Wallace in
Ohio.

He played briefly on the pro satellite tour but quickly moved into teaching in
places like Canada, Oregon, and even in Muscat, a city in Oman on the Persian
Gulf.

"We love living here," High said. "It's a good area for my interests."

Those interests include the game of chess. High gives a public lecture once a
week about the history of the game and strategies at a cafe near the Ringling
School of Art.

High has also been recognizable on the tennis courts around the area. He often
uses a two-handled tennis racket while playing matches. One or two handles, High
has a way of finding success in team tennis events.

State closed on horizon

One of the biggest junior tennis events of the summer gets under way June 7-12
when the 60th annual USTA Florida Junior State Closed Singles championship is
held at the Florida Tennis Center in Daytona Beach and at Sanlando Park in
Seminole County.

A year ago, Bradenton's Carling Seguso reached the final of the girls 18-Under
division. Mary Clayton, who then lived in Bradenton, won the girls 16s title.
Sekou Bangoura Jr. won the boys 16s consolation championship. Sachia Vickery,
the girls 14-Under winner, currently trains at the Nick Bollettieri Tennis
Academy.

Hot time for area events

Now that school is out for the summer, tournament action is heating up fast.

* The Serendipity Racquet Club will hold a non-sanctioned "Recreational"
tournament June 28-29 for players new to playing competitive tennis. There are
divisions for boys and girls in 18-Under, 16-Under, 14-Under, 12-Under, 10-Under
and 8-Under age categories. Each player is guaranteed at least two matches.
Entry fee is $20 per player. Entry deadline is June 25. Call 922-1591 (Ext. 221)
for more information.

* The Englewood Tennis Club will host its final USTA junior tournament of the
year June 14-16. Entry is open to all USTA members and the tournament, for boys
and girls, runs from 18-Under through 10-Under. Entry fee is $33 per player and
entries close on June 11. Call (941) 475-3386, e-mail englewoodtennis@
earthlink.net or visit the tournament Web site at www.englewoodtennisclub.com
for more information.

* Adults looking for tournament competition can enter the River Strand Doubles
Classic to be held over two weekends at the River Strand Golf and Country Club.
A women's doubles tournament will be held June 13-15 and a mixed doubles event
June 20-22. Divisions in each tournament include Open, 9.0, 8.0, 7.0 and 6.0.
Entry fee is $25 per player or $50 per team. Call (941) 587-1604 for more
information.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 1, 2007 Thursday

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 185 words


TENNIS

Racqueteers, Feb. 21 results

Bardmoor tied Innisbrook 7-7; Dunedin d. Southwest 12-0; Hot Strings d. Kourt
Kats 9-7; Royal Racquets d. Seminole Lakers 9-5; McMullen tied Countryside 6-6;
East Lake II d. Royal Roadrunners 11-3; Luv Breakers d. Royal Nets 9-4; Match
Makers d. East Lake I 8-4.

Pinellas Area Doubles League, Feb. 22 results

Racquet Club I d. Spa 10-2; Shipwatch d. McMullen I 8-3; Feather Sound d.
Countryside I 7-5; Belleair I d. Innisbrook 6-5; East Lake I d. Bardmoor I 10-0;
Vinoy II d. Royal Racquet I 8-3; S. Pete Tennis Center d. St. Petersburg CC
10-2; Royal Racquet II d. Vinoy I 6-4; Royal Racquet III d. Racquet Club II 8-4;
Treasure Island d. McMullen II 10-2; Bardmoor II d. East Lake III 10-1; East
Lake II d. Countryside II 10-1.

Advantage Ladies Tennis League, Feb. 27 results

Sheraton Suns d. Seminole Lake 6-0; Dunedin d. Sheraton Stars 4-3; McM Take Two
d. McM Court Sports 4-2; McM Court Jesters d. McM Energizers 4-3; Aces d. McM
Smashers 4-3.

SUBMISSIONS

Announcements to appear in For The Record should be mailed to Times Sports, P.O.
Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731-1121.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; LARGO TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 9, 1996, Sunday

Racquet Club doubles teams advance to playoffs

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 548 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Two men's teams from the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg have advanced to
district playoffs in the U.S. Tennis Association Adult Tennis League.

The 3.5 team was unbeaten in its regular season to advance and the 4.5  squad
received a wild card position.

In both cases, winners in the playoffs qualify for next month's regional
competition with the hopes of continuing to state and, finally, national
championships.

"Since we were unbeaten," explained Vince "Buzz" Proper, who with  Marshall
Craig captained the 3.5 team. "We have the home court advantage. All  three of
our playoff matches will be scheduled at our club."

Saturday, the Racquet Club hosted Dunedin; June 15 it will host a second
Dunedin team; June 22, East Lake Woodlands.

According to Proper, the team's two singles positions were shared among  Pete
Gairing, Jack Weldon and Newton Rogers, while doubles teams Bill Young  and Bob
Barlow; Nick Routh and Proper; Dave Farnsworth and Lee Baynard; and  Craig and
Carl Goodwin filled the three positions.

"We actually dominated our matches with a lot of results 5-0 or 4-1,"  said
Proper. "For the playoffs, we feel the home court advantage will  definitely
help us. We are just going to go out there and play our best."

The Racquet Club's 4.5 team qualified for its playoffs due to its  second-best
overall record to Belleview Mido.

Jim Cohen, captain of the Racquet Club's 4.5 team, believes the strength  of his
team lies in the fact that no one player stands out but that players  are pretty
well balanced.

"We are relatively strong at each position," said Cohen. "We plan to  just go
out and play our best."

Last weekend, the Racquet Club met Royal Racquet Club in the first playoff
match and won 4-1. A win Saturday against Belleview Mido would clinch the
division championship for the Racquet Club; a loss would force a playoff June
22 with Belleview and Royal.

Jim Hartley Jr. and Cohen play most of the singles while partners are  switched
around for doubles. Cohen credits Hernan Molina, Tim Brady, Steve  Reilly and
Brian Smith for the most effective doubles play along with Brad  Tushaus, John
O'Brien. Mitch Lee, Ken Heretick, Russ Flynn and Jan Laugergren.

"We split our two matches with Belleview in the regular season," said  Cohen.
"Saturday's match should be another close, tough one."

Women's division playoffs also begin this weekend.

A WORLD OF TENNIS: The Angelelli World of Tennis announces its sixth  summer of
its junior tennis camps. Camps begin from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 10  and continue
through Aug. 16 at two locations, Treasure Island Golf and Tennis  Center and
Pasadena Yacht and Country Club. For information, call 347-3084.

NELSON WINS CONSOLATION: Kyle Nelson of St. Petersburg, 15, defeated John  Hamil
of Palm Harbor 6-2, 6-2 to win the boys 18 consolation title in last  month's
End of School Classic Tournament at East Lake Woodlands.

COMING UP: This weekend, East Lake Woodlands (785-2212) hosts a Junior  Grand
Prix Challenger Series and Royal Racquet Club (799-3200) is the site of  an
adult doubles tournament to benefit the Miccosukee District Boy Scouts of
America. The St. Petersburg Tennis Center (893-7301) is registering for its
June 22-24 Junior Open.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 1, 1992, Wednesday, City Edition
                              Correction Appended

Learning tennis should be fun, not expensive

BYLINE: RANDY CREMER

SECTION: SPORTS; JUST FOR KIDS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 466 words



Getting a child outfitted and enrolled in tennis lessons doesn't have to cost
parents an arm, a leg and tennis elbow.

    The price for lessons can range from $ 2 per hour to around $ 20 an hour, $
4 a week to $ 652 for a week at Saddlebrook's tennis camp.

    Regardless of the cost of lessons, most teaching pros agree that an
expensive starter racket is a mistake.

    "I think an inexpensive racket is best, especially until they (parents) make
sure a kid is really interested," said Billy Stearns, who runs Bardmoor/Stearns
International Tennis School in Largo.  "I'd look for something that was light,
not too heavy for a kid to swing."

    When Stearns' son started playing, he started him with a wooden racket that
could be cut to size. He suggests a racket costing $ 18-$ 20 for children 5 to 8
years old.

    "The racket really doesn't make that much difference," said Stearns. "You
don't want one that will hold him back, but the most important things for a
young player is hand-eye coordination and footwork."

    Bob Butterworth of East Lake Woodland's International Academy of Tennis also
advocates starting with a modest racket.

    "I've seen little kids come in on their first day with a
several-hundred-dollar racket. I tell them "Let's put this away for now,' " said
Butterworth. "I suggest parents take their child to a pro first, so he can match
up (the youngster) with the right grip and right-sized racket. It's important
for a beginner to have a good grip and that he be able to swing it without
putting strain on his arm."

    Parents concerned about putting a strain on their wallet have alternatives
to the big-name tennis schools. The city of St.  Petersburg offers lessons for
children 3 to 5 years old for $ 4 per week. The parks departments of Hernando
and Citrus counties offer inexpensive lessons, as does the city of Tampa. In New
Port Richey, River Crossing Tennis and Fitness Center offers youth classes for $
4 per hour.

    "The most important thing is that a kid have fun," said Stearns.  "If
they're enjoying playing and lessons, they'll stay with it and get better.

    "I advise parents just starting their kids out to find someone that works
with all ages of kids, so they know how to relate to kids and work with them.
Also look for a place where the pro can take them  through different levels."
   Some helpful reminders for children and parents: Don't expect a duplication
of what's on television and keep goals simple.

    "We try to set a lot of goals for kids learning to play," said Stearns.  "We
try to set attainable goals; it helps the kids remain interested."

    And remember if you spend a lot for a racket, you probably spent too much.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 2, 1992

CORRECTION:
3-year-old Laura Winkler of St. Petersburg was misidentified in a photo caption
in Wednesday's sports section.

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, BRAIN BAER; Laura Walker, with eyes closed, hits
the tennis ball over the net during a class at Walter Fuller Park in St.
Petersburg.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 30, 1998 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Misfiring Pistol Pete blames his weapon not his poor aim

BYLINE: ALAN ATTWOOD NEW YORK DESPATCH

SECTION: SPORT; Sporting Life; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 662 words


MEET Mister Misery. That was Pete Sam pras as he trod wea rily from the court
last week after losing to Wayne Ferreira at the Lipton Championships in Florida.
All the kids holding out their autograph books might as well have been asking
the Popemobile to stop as it sped past.

Head down, shoulders slumped, Pete was the picture of woe. He does not like
losing. He especially does not like losing after he's romped through the first
set 6-0 (winning so easily he later said of Ferreira: "He was in another zip
code"), and then held a match point in the second set.

But guess what: on match point, Sampras sent down a double-fault. This is the
kind of news that gives hope to every back-court hacker. Even the world's No 1
commits the cardinal sin in tennis from time to time. A double on match point.
No wonder he was down in the dumps a bit later.

Because by then he'd managed to blow that second-set tiebreak, going from match
point up to set point down to one set all in a matter of minutes. Then,
disgusted with himself, he moped through the final set - losing that 6-3.

En route to this undignified third-round exit, Sampras sulked, hid his head in a
towel, stared at his strings and swapped one racquet for another. That is
exactly what he does every time he's out of sorts. Whenever you see Sampras
swapping racquets, put some money on the other guy.

Against his old rival Andre Agassi last month, in the final of a tournament in
San Jose, Sampras went through five racquets in the course of a two-set match,
which he lost 6-2 6-4. That's five racquets in 90 minutes. Something's terribly
wrong here. Either he's using cotton in his racquet or is being the biggest mug
of all: the craftsman who blames his tools.

I remember seeing him play Jim Courier in the quarter-finals of the French Open
in 1994. Sampras was changing racquets so often that he literally had a guy
running back and forwards to a stringer in the bowels of the stadium. Courier,
meanwhile, kept plugging away with the same stick and won handily. Sampras came
unstrung.

But it's not only his racquets that are bugging him. Sampras is looking more
vulnerable than he has in a long time. He's been top of the tennis tree for 102
straight weeks, but is at risk of losing the top ranking to Marcelo Rios. This
year Sampras has played in five tournaments and won just one. A slump by his
standards.

The thing about Sampras is that he's the most methodical player around. Watch
him prepare to serve. He invariably asks for two balls, checks them out, tosses
one away, does a funny wiggle with his left foot, then lets rip. When all the
gears are meshing he's like a well-oiled machine. But if one little piece of
grit gets into the apparatus, it can break down.

Winning has become a habit with him. Adjusting to defeat and the self-doubt that
goes with it will test him more than any of his opponents over the past nine
years. Trusting his racquet would be a handy first step. Remember this, big guy:
when you're playing well you barely notice what's in your right hand.

And even in his unstrung state he's doing better than the reigning US Open
champ, Patrick Rafter, who this year has won 13 matches and lost seven. But a
more telling statistic is this: last year, up until the end of the US Open, he
won 72 per cent of his matches; since then it's dropped to 61 per cent.

Instead of boosting his confidence - as seemed likely after the Open, when he
was even talking about the No 1 ranking - Rafter has lost a bit of zest.

At least he hasn't yet resorted to insatiable racquet swapping. But I blame
Sampras for some of Rafter's slide. Soon after the Open, where he'd been the
defending champ, Sampras crushed Rafter twice in a matter of weeks: in the Davis
Cup semi-final and the final of the Grand Slam Cup.

It was as if he was reminding Rafter who was sorcerer and who was apprentice.

Now it seems they've both lost some of their magic. But Pete's kidding himself
studying his strings. It's a racquet, not a wand.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1998 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

FIR against racket of US visa/emigration facilitators

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: Lahore



KARACHI: The Federal Investigation Agency (FIA),Karachi,
has lodged FIR against "Racket of US Visa/Emigration facilitators" on the
complaint of U.S Consulate Karachi.


     A statement here on Wednesday said that the FIR resulted in
arrest of two Visa vendors namely accused Rizwan Momin and accused
Akbar Adil who are stated to be the members of the aforementioned Racket.
     It said that these accused have so far facilitated more than 50
families against Rs 40 Lacs per family.
 These accused persons used to prepare fake documents and bank statements
for Visa process. After getting Visa, these accused have contacts in USA where,
they facilitate families for permanent settlement and jobs.
     Initially, seven members of the racket have been identified, among them
two members are residing at UAE while one is present at USA. So far these
accused persons have grabbed millions of rupees from immigrants
specially from Ismaili community.
     The financial transactions are being investigated which may
lead to insiders. Their email accounts have been examined which
have resulted in retrieval of incriminating material which confirms
their involvement in VISA/Emigration  facilitation, which is cognizable offence
under the Emigration Ordinance 1979.
     Raids are being conducted to nab remaining absconding accused persons.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

MEN'S TENNIS ADVANCES TO SEMIS AFTER DRAMATIC 4-3 WIN OVER MONTANA STATE

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


California State University, Sacramento has issued the following news release:

With the score tied at 3-3, and the Hornets facing elimination, sophomore
Joaquin Marquez won his match at No. 4 in a third set tiebreaker to help
Sacramento State to a 4-3 victory over Montana State in the Big Sky Conference
Tennis Tournament quarterfinals Friday evening at the Spare Time Indoor Tennis
Center.

In a match which ended at 11:40 p.m., Marquez, who was playing Diego Campos, won
by a 6-4, 4-6, 7-6 (4) score. The Mexico City, Mexico, native won the first
three points of the tiebreaker and led by at least two points the rest of the
breaker to help the Hornets advance to tomorrow's semifinal match. Marquez was
trailing in the third set by a 6-5 score before winning the game to tie at 6-6
and force the tiebreaker.

The match was originally scheduled to be played at 2 p.m. at the Gold River
Racquet Club, but was moved indoors because of rains that hit the Sacramento
area, pushing the day's schedule back.

Sacramento State will now play No. 1 seed Weber State tomorrow in the semifinal
round at 2 p.m. at the Gold River Racquet Club. In tomorrow's other men's
semifinal match, No. 2 Montana will take on No. 3 Northern Arizona at 2 p.m.
Northern Arizona won its quarterfinal match against No. 6 seed Northern Colorado
earlier today by a 4-1 score. The championship match will take place on Sunday
at 2 p.m. at the Gold River Racquet Club.

The Hornets, who are the No. 5 seed in this year's tournament, have been crushed
by injuries that forced the team to forfeit a match last week against Nevada,
and forfeit at least one singles match in the three contests prior to that.
However, Sacramento State (10-15) welcomed back Marek Marksoo and Tom Miller,
who each missed substantial time late in the season due to injury. Marksoo had
missed nine straight matches with a knee injury and Miller had missed the last
six matches with a foot injury before both played tonight.

With the loss, Montana State's season comes to an end with an 11-8 record. The
Bobcats had defeated the Hornets earlier this season in Bozeman by a 4-3 score.

"We played as a team and earned this victory as a team," Sacramento State
assistant coach Kevin Kurtz said. "Montana State is a very good program, and
this is one of the bigger wins I've been a part of. It was a hard fought victory
and we have some banged up guys who really stepped up tonight."

The Hornets began the match by winning a very important doubles point as the No.
1 tandem of Marksoo and Niranjan Ram won by an 8-4 score, and Miller and Oliver
Andersen won at No. 3 by an 8-6 score.

In singles play, Miller immediately gave Sacramento State a 2-0 lead by winning
his match at No. 6 by a 6-3, 6-0 score. However, the Bobcats won matches at Nos.
1 and 5 singles to tie the score at 2-2. Ram won his match at No. 2 by a 6-0,
7-5 score to give the Hornets a 3-2 advantage, but that lead was short lived as
the Bobcats immediately tied the score at 3-3 after Marksoo lost at No. 3.

That set up Marquez, who at one point, trailed in the third set by a 3-1 score.
Marquez improved to 11-8 in singles play this year, and 8-3 when playing a Big
Sky opponent.

For more information on the tournament, including schedule and results, click
here. Admission to all matches is free.


For more information please visit: http://www.csus.edu

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The News & Advance (Lynchburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday

BRIEF: Liberty University to get The Sports Racket as donation

BYLINE: The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 173 words


Feb. 09--LYNCHBURG --

A tennis facility in Lynchburg will be donated to Liberty University, the school
announced this morning.

The Sports Racket, on Davis Cup Road, was recently bought by Sherwin Cook, a
member of LU's Board of Trustees who began playing tennis at age 60, according
to LU's website.

Cook plans to give The Sports Racket and 18 acres of land around it to LU.

The Sports Racket has five indoor tennis courts, five racquetball courts, five
outdoor tennis courts, a gym with several treadmills and weight equipment and a
tanning bed.

According to records on the City of Lynchburg's website, the property was bought
on Jan. 31 by Cook Management, LLC, for a little more than $1 million.

To see more of The News & Advance, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsadvance.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News & Advance, Lynchburg,
Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110209-LY-BRF-Liberty-University-to-get-The-Sports-Racket
-as-donation-0209-20110209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LY


                       Copyright 2011 The News & Advance


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 12, 1993, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CAPRIATI'S FORMER COACH TAKING JOB AT SUNSET CENTER NEXT MONTH

BYLINE: Ron Cobb

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 622 words

RON COBB COLUMN


Jennifer Capriati's loss is St. Louis' gain.  That's overstating things, because
Jim Gray served only briefly as one of Capriati's hitting partners and traveling
coaches, but the fact is that he will bring nearly five years of international
experience to Sunset Tennis Center early next month.  Gray, 27, is leaving the
prestigious Harry Hopman International Tennis Academy at the Saddlebrook Resort
in Wesley Chapel, Fla., to settle here and work with St. Louis juniors.  Why
would he do that? For one thing, he said international travel had begun to wear
on him. He ran Hopman programs in Japan in 1990, India in '91 and Southeast Asia
in '92. He also went to Israel with a player, and in May '92 he played some team
tennis in Germany while promoting the Hopman Academy there.  "Worldwide travel
takes a lot out of you," he says. "It gets very stressful." U.S. travel is more
appealing to him. A year ago at this time, he was in San Diego as Capriati's
coach and hitting partner. He helped prepare her for her gold-medal performance
at the Olympics last summer in Barcelona, Spain. He also drilled David Wheaton
and other touring pros who stopped off at Hopman's.  But his specialty is
juniors. His primary function at Sunset will be working with advanced players,
although he won't limit himself to them.  Gray is a native of Lorain, Ohio, and
played No. 1 singles at Purdue.  "Sunset has such a good reputation," he says.
"I couldn't believe the number of kids coming through that club. I'd really like
to bring the techniques I've seen here (at Hopman's) to St. Louis and take those
kids to the next level." Elsewhere: The seeds for the Budweiser Tennis
Championships, beginning next Thursday at Town & Country Racquet Club: 1. Hank
Pfister; 2. John Lloyd; 3.  Johan Kriek; 4. Tomas Smid. The rest of the field:
Eddie Dibbs, Gene Mayer, Colin Dibley, Sherwood Stewart, Kim Warwick, Pat Dupre,
Ross Case and Mike Tammen. . . .  David Rogers, the pro at Greenbriar Hills
Country Club, is replacing Todd Hammonds at Creve Coeur Racquet Club. Hammonds
is returning to his native Kentucky to resume his college education. Rogers will
retain his summer job at Greenbriar. Meanwhile, Creve Coeur is close to adding
another pro to the staff. . . .  Captain Rhonda Patterson's 3.0 women from
Doubletree Castle Oak are headed to the USTA League nationals Oct. 1-3 in Palm
Springs, Calif., after winning a sectional title last weekend in Kansas City.
Four other St. Louis teams missed winning by narrow margins: South Hampshire's
3.5 men, Castle Oak's 4.0 women, West James North's 4.5 men and Frontenac's 5.0
women. . . .  The St. Louis District achieved a coup by placing four girls at
next week's USTA Boys & Girls Challenge in Boca Raton, Fla.: Annie Goodrich,
Prim Siripipat, Aleke Tsoubanos and Yelena Podorhanzky. Only nine other girls
qualified from the Central Zone, consisting of the Missouri Valley, Texas,
Intermountain and Northwestern sections. . . .  Kirkwood's Mary Rumbaoa won the
girls 18 title at last week's Missouri Valley Championship Sectionals in
Oklahoma City. Other St. Louis-area results: Amy and Sara Hazen won the girls 18
doubles; Kala Ave-Lallemant and Jessica Bickel won girls 14 doubles; Dan
Stahlschmidt and Eric Freeland runners-up in boys 16 doubles; Stahlschmidt
fourth in boys 14 singles. . . .  Winners of last week's Cookie Crisp
Championships at Triple A Club: Jake Wilson, boys 18s; Neal Kulkarni
(Springfield, Ill.), boys 16s; Kit Church, boys 14s; Matthew Baer (Los Angeles),
boys 12s; Jeffrey Morrison, boys 10s; Lauren Locke, girls 18s; Tina Harrison,
girls 16s; Allison Lisle, girls 14s; Megan Bradley (Columbia, Mo.), girls 12s;
Heather Saluri (Des Moines, Iowa), girls 10s.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 10, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

ON TENNIS;
Sampras Caught in Eye of the Storm

BYLINE: By Robin Finn

SECTION: Section B;  Page 23;  Column 4;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 851 words


It was about a month ago that Pete Sampras, transported for a joyful moment from
what has been the most harrowing year of his life, won the United States Open
and tossed his racquet into the crowd in an unrehearsed and, as it turns out,
badly aimed gesture of celebration. Scant seconds after Sampras used it to
batter Michael Chang into submission, the racquet completed its trajectory by
landing in the stands and giving its recipient a black eye.

Now that same racquet is being held like a hostage by an irate tennis spectator
who feels Sampras needs to make a public apology, and public restitution, for
his "irresponsible act." Or there's always litigation.

"Wow," was all Sampras could say upon learning that the unhappy fellow who
inherited his racquet has now compared him to Roberto Alomar, baseball's
demonized spitter, in the athlete-without-a-conscience department.

"I guess I'll never throw another racquet into the crowd again," said Sampras,
who has tossed winning racquets into the Wimbledon stands without censure. "But
I think in a way it's kind of unfortunate to be made to feel that way, because
there are fans out there who would probably be thrilled to catch one."

At the Open, Sampras was intending the winning weapon would sail into the hands
of Phil Knight, the Nike chairman who pays him heady millions simply to model
the company's tennis gear. But the souvenir never reached its target.

Instead, deflected by a sea of hands that grasped for what is arguably the best
piece of tennis memorabilia from 1996, the racquet found its way into the arms
and eye of John Hopper, a 39-year-old executive with a New Jersey-based
promotional advertising firm.

"I caught the racquet in self-defense," Hopper said the other day from his car
phone. "I was assuming Pete Sampras would call with an apology, but it seems
like there's a new breed of athlete out there, like Roberto Alomar, who think
they're above the rest of us when it comes to acting responsibly. I thought
tennis was void of that."

Rather than being thrilled about finding himself on the receiving end of a
potential treasure in this era of million-dollar baseballs and megabucks
autographs, Hopper immediately launched a sort of eye-for-an-eye campaign. Sure,
he kept the offending racquet, but on Sept. 23 he fired off a letter demanding
that Sampras conduct "a children's charity fund-raiser . . . demonstrating to
children what responsible action and sportsmanship is all about."

And Tuesday the player's representatives fielded another letter from Hopper
stating that he needed to hear from Sampras within seven days regarding the
proposals for a children's clinic. Hopper also reiterated that he preferred that
their conflict, which he calls the Black Eye incident, be resolved amicably.

"I have no interest in taking this to litigation, but I'm not eliminating it,"
said Hopper, who did not seek medical attention for his bruised left eye at the
Open, settling instead for "Ice from a vendor."

"I saw an eye doctor the next morning, and we're monitoring it," said Hopper,
who said he had a black eye for two weeks. He declined to disclose the exact
diagnosis.

"Again, I'm not asking for personal gain, but I do have rights: I never said
there was no permanent injury, and any form of injury has a potential for legal
recourse," he said.

Meanwhile, Sampras remains unconvinced that his racquet toss was so
irresponsible and unsportsmanlike that he needs to put on a public performance
to redeem himself.

"I apologize that Mr. Hopper got hit in the eye by my racquet, and I'm willing
to sign the racquet for him in the hopes that he'll give it to a children's
charity so it can be auctioned off and hopefully do some good," Sampras said
Monday from his home in Florida. "I'm sorry it happened, but I don't see where
it makes me a bad guy."

But Hopper apparently does.

The day after the Open, Hopper left a message for Jeff Schwartz, Sampras's agent
at the International Management Group, and said he was "challenging" the player
to use his racquet for a positive rather than a destructive cause and make
amends by conducting a clinic for children. Hopper informed Schwartz that
details of this "challenge" were also being supplied to the news media.

When Schwartz and Hopper finally connected by telephone two weeks later,
Schwartz apologized on his client's behalf, and Hopper said he wasn't motivated
to press a "home run" lawsuit, but no firm plans for a Sampras clinic were
struck. When Hopper again outlined his crusade by letter and made it clear he
wouldn't settle for a "token gesture," I.M.G. responded tartly.

"They said any further communication would be through counsel; it's like they've
taken the issue off the tennis court and into the court system," said Hopper,
who feels settling for a signed racquet is tantamount to "Letting Mr. Sampras
off the hook. I'm not going to walk away from this: whether he likes it or not,
Mr. Sampras is in a partnership with me. It won't end until I get a positive
resolution, until the fat lady sings."

According to Sampras, she already has.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 15, 1992, Saturday

EXTRA CREDIT Hamilton earns $ 1,000 stipend from Chick-fil-A

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 2

LENGTH: 476 words


Jennifer Hamilton recently earned a $ 1,000 scholarship from the Chick-fil-A's
Crew Member Scholarship Program.

The Program rewards students who have worked in a restaurant an average of 20
hours per week for two consecutive years. Each recipient is recommended by his
or her Chick-fil-A operator and has passed a three- month evaluation.

Jennifer, daughter of Charles and Ruthanne Redfield of Lilburn, graduated in
June from Greater Atlanta Christian School and works at a Chick-fil-A in Duluth.
She plans to attend Gwinnett Tech in Lawrenceville this fall.

Since the beginning of the fast food chain's Crew Member Scholarship Program in
1973, more than $ 7 million has been awarded to students.

Atlanta Thunder hosts Gwinnett Boys and Girls Club: The Gwinnett County Boys and
Girls Club was recently guest of the Atlanta Thunder soccer team during Racket
Night.

Members of the Gwinnett County and Brookhaven Boys and Girls Clubs were taught
how to string rackets as a possible job. The promotion provided free tickets to
fans who donated a used racket to the club. More than 100 rackets were received
in what Dave Corbin, a teaching pro with the Boys and Girls Club, called "the
biggest response and the best quality rackets we have received to date."

Greene competes for Miss International U.S.: Ashley Greene of Stone Mountain is
competing for the title of Miss International U.S. in Philadelphia through Aug.
23.

The winner will receive $ 50,000 and a new car plus the opportunity to compete
for the Miss International title in Brazil.

Miss Greene is a 1991 graduate of Shiloh High School. While attending Shiloh,
she captured the titles of Miss Freshman and Miss Shiloh High School and was
named to Who's Who Among American High School Students.

She is a freshman attending Georgia State University, where she is pursuing a
degree in physical therapy and hopes to continue in sports medicine.

Daneke elected to Red Cross board: Duluth resident Richard T. Daneke was
recently elected as a member of the Board of Directors for the Metropolitan
Atlanta Chapter of the American Red Cross.

Mr. Daneke, president of Vanguard Information Systems, will serve a three-year
term.

The Atlanta Red Cross Board of Directors is made up of 60 volunteers from
throughout metro Atlanta. The board is a policy-making body, responsible for
managing and controlling the business affairs of the Atlanta Red Cross.

The Metropolitan Atlanta Chapter of the American Red Cross has served the
Atlanta area for more than 78 years and has been a fund- raising partner with
the United Way for more than 33 years. The services of the Red Cross are made
possible through financial and volunteer contributions from the public.

Items of interest and non-returnable photos can be sent to Kay Torrance of the
Gwinnett Extra, 6455 Best Friend Road, Norcross, Ga. 30071.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922340321

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

FIR against racket of US visa/emigration facilitators

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, March 31 -- The Federal Investigation Agency (FIA),Karachi,

has lodged FIR against "Racket of US Visa/Emigration facilitators" on the
complaint of U.S Consulate Karachi.

A statement here on Wednesday said that the FIR resulted in

arrest of two Visa vendors namely accused Rizwan Momin and accused

Akbar Adil who are stated to be the members of the aforementioned Racket.

It said that these accused have so far facilitated more than 50

families against Rs 40 Lacs per family.

These accused persons used to prepare fake documents and bank statements

for Visa process. After getting Visa, these accused have contacts in USA where,
they facilitate families for permanent settlement and jobs.

Initially, seven members of the racket have been identified, among them

two members are residing at UAE while one is present at USA. So far these

accused persons have grabbed millions of rupees from immigrants

specially from Ismaili community.

The financial transactions are being investigated which may

lead to insiders. Their email accounts have been examined which

have resulted in retrieval of incriminating material which confirms

their involvement in VISA/Emigration facilitation, which is cognizable offence
under the Emigration Ordinance 1979.

Raids are being conducted to nab remaining absconding accused persons

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                               May 9, 2014 Friday

Hayward tennis club to close at end of May

BYLINE: By Rebecca Parr The Daily Review

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 569 words


HAYWARD -- Members of a longtime tennis club are rallying to try to stop its
closure at the end of the month.

When the owner announced in late April it would close Hidden Hills Health and
Racquet Club, the tennis players began circulating petitions and talking with
local leaders to try to keep it open.

"The club's been there a long time, and a lot of friendships have formed," club
member Alva Antonini said. "We can go to other places, but our family is being
displaced."

The 10-court club on Carlos Bee Boulevard, which opened in the 1970s, is behind
the City View Apartments, now owned by Essex Property Trust. One court will
remain open for use by apartment tenants, Antonini said.

Club members believe Essex wants to build more apartments where the courts are,
but the company has not revealed what it will do.

"The only comment we are providing at this time is the Hidden Hills Tennis Club
is closing based on a business decision and we have no current plans on the
future use," Essex spokeswoman Barb Pak wrote in an email.

Club members pay $60 a month, or $110 for a couple.

"We offered to pay more dues if Essex would keep it open, but they said they had
already made their decision," Antonini said.

The company that owned the club and apartments before Essex tried to close it at
the end of the '90s. Club members sued because they had lifetime club
memberships. When Essex bought the property, it settled with the club members,
agreeing to keep the courts open for 15 years. That 15 years is now up.

Diane Pelicas was one of the members who agreed to the settlement.

"I thought, in 15 years, hell, I'll be 74; I won't be playing tennis. And here I
am," she said as she headed onto the courts earlier this week.

The club members' one remaining hope involves the conditions the city set when
the apartments opened in the 1970s. In a document filed as part of the lawsuit
15 years ago, the developer said the tennis courts would be available to people
other than apartment residents.

Opening the club to everyone was key in getting the city's OK to build the
apartments, Ronald Cowan said in court documents. He was CEO of Doric
Development, which built the tennis club and 560-unit apartment complex.

A large group of Hidden Hills members on Tuesday asked the City Council to help
keep the club open, basing their hopes on Cowan's statement about public access.

"Staff is researching the issue," Mayor Michael Sweeney said. "I want to assure
you they're looking into the records."

City Manager Fran David said she hoped to have more information to present to
the council next week. The staff is digging through old files to learn what
conditions the city required of the developer in exchange for approval to build
the apartment complex.

The club has about 170 members, ranging in age from 4 to 84, and 60 kids in its
junior program.

"I worry about what will happen to the seniors," Antonini said. "For many of
them, it's a home away from home. They'll come and play a little tennis and then
socialize with their friends. It's their social network."

John McKim became a member when he retired in 1995. The 81-year-old Castro
Valley resident isn't sure if he will join another club.

"I don't know. There's Mission Hills, but it's 18 miles down Mission Boulevard.
There are also public courts, but it's hard to coordinate getting people
together," he said.

Contact Rebecca Parr at 510-293-2473. Follow her at Twitter.com/rdparr1 .

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hidden Hills Health & Racquet Club is planning to close soon, much to
the chagrin of it's members. (Jim Stevens/Bay Area News Group)
Hidden Hills Health & Racquet Club is planning to close soon, much to the
chagrin of it's members. (Jim Stevens/Bay Area News Group)
Hidden Hills Health & Racquet Club which is planning to close soon, much to the
chagrin of it's members. (Jim Stevens/Bay Area News Group)
Lori DeOrnellas, left, and Alva Antonini talk about the eminient closing of
Hidden Hills Health & Racquet Club on Monday, May 5, 2014. Members were sent
letters telling them to clean out their lockers without any real explanation of
why the owners decided to close the club which has been around for 30 years (Jim
Stevens/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                  July 1, 2007

TENNIS: WIMBLEDON 2007: CYCLOPS

BYLINE: Jon Henderson

SECTION: OBSERVER OBSERVER SPORT PAGES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 860 words


SISTERS IN A HAPPY PLACE

The Williams sisters' mum, Oracene Price, has been much in evidence in SW19.
While being far less voluble than her ex-husband, Richard, she is no less
visible, dressed in bright colours and accompanied by another of her stunning
daughters. When Cyclops asked if she thought we might have another Williams v
Williams final, as happened in 2002 and 2003, she said: 'Oh my gosh, it's too
early for that. But I am staying until the end of the tournament.' She also
spoke of her girls' sadness over the murder of another of her daughters,
Yetunde, in a drive-by shooting in Los Angeles in 2003 and, in another
front-page Williams story, the court case involving commercial rights, which was
settled in a Miami court last year. 'They've had a lot - we've all had a lot -
to contend with in the past few years. But they're strong and they've overcome
that. They're in a happy place right now.'

STRINGING TAKES LOTS OF GUTS

Intestines from 16 cows are needed to string a top pro's racket. Cyclops thought
you'd like to know this. The best stringers from around the world are brought
together each Wimbledon by the UK's only manufacturer of natural gut, Bowbrand
International of King's Lynn, to toil flat out throughout the fortnight.

They work on site because often rackets are brought to them during matches with
players quite possibly having to use the same racket twice - with its original
strings and then the replaced ones. 'Some players use a racket for only seven to
nine games,' says one of the most experienced stringers, Glynn Roberts of Essex.
'When they change the balls they'll change their racket. Others change at the
end of every set.'

Quite often, says Roberts, it is players who have come through the qualifying
tournament who are most in need of the stringer, because they have only two or
three rackets. Someone like Federer will carry up to 12 rackets.

The gut strings, which are used in a combination with polyester ones, are made
from cow intestine. One complete intestine is required for each of the 16
strands that make up a 40ft gut string, a single string being just enough for
one racket. The intestine is split down the middle of its full length, processed
and then the strands are spun together to produce the string.

Each player has his or her own stringing requirement and leaves details with the
stringers, nine of whom are on duty at any one time. In case a racket is needed
again quickly, the top stringers can do a restring in 12 to 14 minutes.

AFTER THE BANANA DRAMA

The Sharapova banana drama still has not convinced officials to allow coaching
from the sidelines, which is strictly forbidden, and is hotly debated in both
the men's and women's games. The WTA, who run the women's tour, have just met,
but decided the sort of thing you have in boxing, with a second exhorting his
man between rounds, will have to wait. 'We are taking leadership from our
broadcast partners,' says the WTA tour president, Stacey Allaster. 'It gives the
viewer one more aspect of the game. But the majority of athletes are not yet
ready to embrace it.'

The issue led to a bizarre exchange at last year's US Open when a reporter
accused the women's champion Maria Sharapova of having been coached by her
father Yuri when he waved a banana at her. Was it a reminder to her to have a
sugar boost, as the reporter hinted? Or, as one blogger suggested later, a
reminder to her to grunt like a gorilla? 'I believe at the end of the day that
my life is not about a banana,' said Sharapova.

A-ROD NOT SO HOT AT GOLF

Tennis players have a long tradition of being pretty smooth swingers on the golf
course, so it is nice to hear from one whose modest talents most of the rest of
us can relate to. 'Man, here's the deal with golf,' Andy Roddick says. 'Every
time I play golf, I got to buy a new set of clubs. It's not relaxing for me. I
go mental. The ball's not even moving and I can't hit it right. I haven't
reached the point in my life where I have the patience level it takes to play
golf. And I don't have the pants! '

Tennis players who have been better than average golfers include the American
Althea Gibson, the 1957 and 1958 Wimbledon champion, and Ivan Lendl, the Czech
who was Wimbledon runner-up in 1986 and 1987. Gibson played in 171 LPGA tour
events from 1963-77, while Lendl competed - a little ingloriously, it has to be
said - in the 1985 Czech Open (he missed the cut by 15 strokes). It may be,
though, that a Lendl does make it big at golf, with Ivan's daughter Marika
showing real promise in the US.

A MISS MATCH FOR BOLLETTIERI

Cyclops had a charming encounter with Nick Bollettieri, the American coaching
guru who was a neighbour of the late, great Fred Perry in Florida. In the course
of the conversation, the fact that Perry had four wives crops up. 'I can beat
him by four,' Bollettieri, who will be 76 this month, says triumphantly. He then
produces from his wallet a photograph of one of the best-looking women you could
hope to meet, Cindi, a former Miss Vermont.

Nick and wife number eight are more than just a celebrity combo. When
Bollettieri gets back to Florida, he and Cindi will be holding a camp for obese
children.


LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                      ERSA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.ersa-stringers.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The European Racquet Stringers Association (ERSA) was founded in the Summer
of 2001 as a partner corporation with the United States Racquet stringers
Association. After one and one half years, we decided to become an association
instead of a corporation and separated from the USRSA. We still have a
cooperation and offer the same Certification Tests as the USRSA. We have over
3,000 members in over 30 countries including leaders of the racket sports
industry, racket specialists, teaching professionals, sporting goods retailers,
manufacturers, sales organizations and racket sports enthusiasts. The magazine
Racquet Tech Europe is published in English and German. Our ERSA Stringer's
Digest, Study Guides and Tests are now available in French, Spanish and Italian.
The mission of the ERSA is to educate their members and consumers to better
understand, servicem perform with and enjoy all the technological wonders of
rackets, strings, balls, courts, shoes and stringing machines. The ERSA
accomplishes these goals through information technology products, Racquet Tech
Europe magazine, The ERSA Stringer's Digest, http://www.ersa-stringers.com, ERSA
e-Newsletter, workshops, certification and product testing.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 23, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Manager takes job for tennis center

BYLINE: RON POWELL, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: D; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


In July, Nebraska Tennis Center President Dave Northey called Kansas City
Racquet Club general manager Brian Clark for potential candidates for the NTC
general manager position.

Before Clark offered up some names, however, he put himself in the running. That
was good enough for Northey, who has hired Clark to oversee the day-to-day
operations of what will be the largest tennis complex in the Missouri Valley
when construction is completed next year at the Abbott Sports Complex.

Clark began work in Lincoln on Monday.

"It was a very big surprise because I knew Brian had a good gig there (at Kansas
City)," Northey said of Clark, whom he first met in Arizona in the early 1990s.

"He's a go-getter. He tripled membership and gross revenues during his time at
the Kansas City Racquet Club, so he has a proven record of marketing and growing
the game."

Clark has been at the Kansas City Racquet Club in Merriam, Kan., the past eight
years, the last six as GM. The former Northern Arizona player was a pro at three
clubs in Arizona before moving to the Midwest.

Clark did his homework before accepting the NTC position. He researched the
Lincoln market and concluded that the 35-court project was viable.

"Based on demographics, this is a market that needs at least 10 more indoor
courts," Clark said. "There's unlimited potential here. A lot of things come
together to make me say, 'this will work.' It all fits together and makes
sense."

Construction began in late August on the facility that includes 12 indoor
courts, 21 outdoor hard courts, a 3,000-seat stadium court and two clay courts.
The clubhouse will have a full-service health club, a bar/restaurant and a pro
shop.

Weather permitting, Northey said the first six-court indoor bubble should be up
around Dec. 1. He said the clubhouse should be finished sometime in the spring.

CASTILLO WINS TWO TITLES

Nebraska Tennis Center pro Sal Castillo added two more national championship
gold balls to his collection by winning the singles and doubles titles in the
50-and-over men's national clay court tournament that concluded last Sunday in
Sarasota, Fla.

The second-seeded Castillo went 6-0 in the singles portion of the weeklong
tournament. He defeated fourth-seeded Dan Waldman of Washington, D.C., 6-2, 4-6,
6-2 in the finals.

Castillo is still living in San Antonio and won't be moving to Lincoln until
next spring or summer when more of the NTC complex is finished.

BARTEK, BERNTHAL INDUCTED

Two Lincoln women - Ann Swanson-Bartek and Marilyn Bernthal - will be inducted
into the Nebraska Tennis Hall of Fame at the group's annual banquet Nov. 6 in
Lincoln. The banquet begins at 5 p.m. at the Country Inn and Suites, 5353 27th
St.

Bartek, currently the assistant general manager at the Lincoln Racquet Club, has
had an impact as a player, teaching professional and tennis activist in the
community. She was a No. 1 singles state champion at Grand Island and played for
the University of Nebraska.

Bartek was the director of tennis for 14 years at the Lincoln Racquet Club
before taking her current position. She coordinated a free tennis lesson program
in Lincoln during the late 1990's and wrote an award-winning children's book, "I
Want to Play Tennis. " She later created a national pilot program by that same
name.

She was inducted into the United States Professional Tennis Association Missouri
Valley Hall of Fame in 2002.

Bernthal is the past president of the Nebraska Tennis Association and has been
active in both junior and adult tennis. She's been in charge of the local United
States Tennis Association summer leagues, represented Nebraska on the Missouri
Valley Junior competition board and been the director of the state's three
biggest junior tournaments - the Pre-Endorsement, the Endorsement and the
Nebraska Closed.

Bernthal is the Lincoln East girls head coach, a position she has held for 12
years.

MUMA HEADED TO EVERT

Chase Muma, the Class A No. 1 doubles state champion, won't be at Lincoln
Southeast for second semester. The junior will be at the Evert Tennis Academy
starting in mid-January. He plans to be back for the Nebraska Pre-Endorsement in
May and the Missouri Valley events early next summer. He'll play his senior
season next fall for the Knights.

Reach Ron Powell at 473-7437 or rpowell@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 17, 2003 Thursday Home Edition

Clayton/Henry at Play: TENNIS TALK

BYLINE: CECIL CROSS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Clayton / Henry; Pg. 9JI

LENGTH: 850 words


EDITOR'S NOTE: Plott Brice is on vacation, so we asked Clark Atlanta University
student Cecil Cross (also an Atlanta Journal-Constitution intern) to fill in on
Tennis Talk this week.

Beginners urged to pick teacher, racket with care

Scott Mitchell knows all about the importance of getting quality fundamentals
training. The 35-year-old director of the Clayton County Tennis Center has been
teaching the sport for 15 years. He said once you learn the game, Atlanta is the
best city to compete in.

"It's definitely the best place in the world to play because of the league
tennis here," he said. "You have a lot of very qualified pros in Atlanta."

However, he said, for every two good tennis pros in Atlanta, a bad one lurks.
"Because there's so much tennis in Atlanta, everybody thinks they can teach," he
said. "A lot of times you'll find a tennis pro that's good at teaching one
level, and that's it."

Mitchell urges newcomers to make sure the pro they select is certified to teach
the sport. "All good pros are certified," he said. "Some people say they're
official, but they're really just out to hustle you out of your money. You just
have to be careful."

Mitchell encourages beginners to take equal caution when selecting a racket.

"Rackets are so technical," he said. "They're like a car --- geared toward your
style of play."

Mitchell said the best option is to borrow rackets from a local tennis center
until you find the perfect fit. He advised beginners to consult a tennis pro
before purchasing a racket. Beginners are often lured into hastily buying an
expensive racket, a decision that can hurt their game more than their pockets in
the long run, he said.

"Stay away from retail stores," he warned. "They will sell you something really
cheap or too heavy that's not necessarily good for your game. "

He said there are advantages and disadvantages to group lessons, but overall, he
recommends them for beginners. He said beginners may feel more comfortable
playing with a friend or a sibling. On the flip side, it's tough to work on an
individual stroke because everybody has to learn the same strokes at the same
pace. Private lessons offer great one-on-one instruction.

"But when you get better and you want to do point-playing, you can't do it with
one person," he said.

"People play tennis for three reasons: to meet new people, get good exercise and
have fun," he said. "If one of those three in that scenario is gone, people
usually don't want to continue playing."

Tennis for beginners

Here's a sampling of tennis lessons for beginners at public courts around metro
Atlanta:

* Blackburn Tennis Center, 3501 Ashford Dunwoody Road, Dunwoody, 770-451-1061

Adult beginners: $44 for four consecutive weeks.

After-school junior development program (during school year), 10 sessions for
$165.

Summer tennis camp (weekly through week of Aug. 4): tykes and munchkins (ages
5-8), 9-10:30 a.m., $75 per week; juniors (ages 9 and up), 9 a.m.-noon, $135 per
week.

* Bitsy Grant Tennis Center, 2125 Northside Drive, Atlanta, 404-609-7193

Ongoing clinics for beginners to low intermediates, 6:30-7:30 p.m. Tuesdays and
Thursdays and 1:30-2:30 p.m. Saturdays; $12 per session.

* City of Atlanta Junior Development Program offers subsidized rates for tennis
lessons. Contact: Jimmy Vaughn, 678-230-5835.

* Clayton County Tennis Center, 2300 U.S. 138 S.E., Jonesboro, 770-477-3766

Group lessons $48 for six weekly one-hour lessons; private lessons $45 per hour.


* McGhee Tennis Center, 820 Beecher Court S.W., Atlanta, 404-756-1869

Beginners: 9 a.m.-noon Mondays-Fridays.

* Peachtree City Tennis Center, 10 Planterra Way, Peachtree City, 770-486-9474

Six one-hour group lessons cost $60. Private lessons cost $44 an hour.

* South Fulton Tennis Center, 5645 Mason Road, Atlanta, 770-306-3059

Adult beginners, 6 p.m. Mondays and 3 p.m. Sundays; four weeks for $55.

Mixed-group drills, Tuesdays and Fridays; $10 an hour

Ages 6-9, 10-14, and 15 and older, weekday evenings and 1:30 p.m. Saturdays; $12
per class or $44 per month.

TENNIS TIP / SCOTT MITCHELL

Most teaching pros tell their students to snap their wrist during the serve. But
do you really snap your wrist? You want to think of your serve as a throwing
motion. When you throw, do you use your whole arm or just the wrist?

When you serve, you want to use the entire arm and rotate it completely during
the motion. This is called pronation. Sure, you do use your wrist, but not only
the wrist. Use your arm like a throwing motion and you'll pick up speed on your
serve.

* Scott Mitchell is the owner of Extreme Tennis.

THE FINAL WORD

Q: Is it legal to use multicolored balls during a sanctioned match?

A: No. Balls that are approved for play under the USTA's rules of tennis must
have a uniform outer surface consisting of a fabric cover and must be white or
yellow.

Source: "Friend at Court: The USTA Handbook of Tennis Rules and Regulations,"
2003 edition.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Scott Mitchell, director of the Clayton County Tennis Center,
says people play tennis "to meet new people, get good exercise and have fun,"
and if one is missing, they're likely to quit. / JOHNNY CRAWFORD / Staff; Photo:
mug of Scott Mitchell

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 15, 1978 Friday

Toronto players   grab victories   in squash meet

BYLINE: SPCL

LENGTH: 91 words

DATELINE: New York NY


Special to The Globe and Mail
  NEW YORK - Three Toronto players won opening day matches in the $10,000
 Grand Prix men's squash singles championship yesterday at the Broad
 Street Racquet Club.

Aziz Khan of the Toronto Cricket Skating and Curling Club defeated
 Frank Satterthwaite of New York 15-12, 15-9, 10-15, 15-4 and Clive
 Caldwell of the Cambridge Club downed Gul Khan of Boston 15-10, 18-14,
 15-8.

At the Uptown Racquet Club, Sharif Khan of Victoria Village Squash
 Club beat Gordon Anderson of the Bay Street Racquet Club 9-15, 15-8,
 15-7, 15-7.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 14, 2000, Wednesday

State's top juniors prepare for key tournament

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 819 words



Junior competitors are in their final days of on-court tuneups and mental
preparations for the USTA Florida Section Closed Junior Championships.

Saturday, singles competition begins in the Orlando area for girls and boys in
the 18-, 16-, 14-, 12- and 10-and-younger divisions. Only the top 64 Florida
players (they must be state residents) in each division are invited to what many
consider the springboard tournament to national play.

"There are three areas of significance for the state closed," said Ron Kennedy,
teaching professional at Lakewood Country Club and tennis coach at Lakewood High
School. "First, traditionally, the state closed is considered a big event and
has been through time. Second, even with a different system - points as opposed
to rankings - it's structurally beneficial to those that play it. And thirdly,
everybody shows up and you have a full field of the best."

Kennedy has two of his offspring in the competition: Sonny in the 12s and Kaela
in the 16s.

"This will be Sonny's first state closed and Kaela's third," said Kennedy.
"They'll be competitive with the others, even though they have followed the more
traditional approach as compared to the academy or home-schooled players."

Pinellas players joining Kaela in the girls divisions will be Alexandria Liles,
Tiffanie Kalvoda and Sydnie Zillig in the 18s; Jennifer Dent, Erin Heeder and
Kelly Nelson in the 16s; Bugsy Bauer and Katie Fenzl the 14s; Laura Caffee,
Morgan Frank, Christina Liles, Rachel Silverberg and sisters Keilly and Courtney
Ulery in the 12s, and Alexandra Cercone and Lindsay Dvorak in the 10s.

"I think I'm ready for the tournament this week," said Nelson. "I've been
working on getting in better shape and working with weights. I've also improved
my serve and am getting my groundstrokes deeper to the baseline."

Jon Brett, Ben Kronk, R.J. Murray and Reinaldo Valor are among the boys 18s
competitors, as are Haley Dodson, Carl Fenzl, Patrick Gleason and Fred Johnson
in the 16s; George Navas and Marc Sawyer the 14s; Nicholas Berning the 12s, and
Brandon Anandan and Creighton Blanchard the 10s.

Competition concludes June 22. Also in the Orlando area is a 64-draw satellite
event June 20-24 in each age division for those not invited to the closed
tournament.

USA PLAYOFFS: With the second round of local USA League Tennis playoffs
complete, this Saturday's results will determine champions and those advancing
to next month's regional in Longboat Key.

In women's competition, Feather Sound Country Club hosts East Lake Woodlands at
9 a.m. Saturday for the 3.0 title. Crescent Oaks hosts the Vinoy at 10 a.m. for
third.

Feather Sound also hosts Lakewood Country Club at 9 a.m. in the 3.5 division
while East Lake is at Innisbrook at 1 p.m. East Lake is 2-0 overall and a win
would give it the division title; a loss would result in a tie with the Feather
Sound-Lakewood winner.

Undefeated Racquet Club hosts the Vinoy at 11 a.m. in the 4.0 division and
Treasure Island travels to East Lake for a 12:30 p.m. match. Vinoy could be the
division spoiler with a win, forcing a tie between the Racquet Club and the
Treasure Island-East Lake winner.

Men's champions will be decided by head-to-head matches in the 3.5, 4.0 and 4.5
divisions. The Vinoy hosts the Racquet Club in the 3.5 at 1 p.m., the Racquet
Club travels to Seminole Lakes Tennis Center for the 4.0 match at 10 a.m., and
Royal Racquet Club visits the 4.5 Treasure Island Recreation team at 1 p.m.

PROS TO THE PHILIPPINES: Any teaching professional interested in traveling to
the Philippines near the end of this year for a month of offering free clinics
should contact Californian Elmer Dolera  at (831) 424-8916 or by e-mail at
edolera@webtv.net. Dolera said teaching pros are responsible for their own
airfare but that overall expenses will be minimal while there.

WHEELCHAIR CAMP: The 2000 USA Wheelchair Tennis National Camp for players 18 and
younger is next week at the University of South Florida. Chief instructor and
world-ranked player Nancy Olson will be assisted by Dan James, Johnny Johnston,
Derek Bolton and Paul Bolton in providing warmup activities, movement exercises
and match play to all ages and levels. For more information, contact Tina Dale
at (561) 279-2612 or Andi Dyke at (954) 968-3434, ext. 214.

TEAM TENNIS: Juniors and adults have the opportunity to play USA Team Tennis
this summer. Juniors should contact Phil Girardi (360-6062), Sam Vuille
(867-7105) or Doug Woods (893-7301) by Friday; women should contact the St.
Petersburg Tennis Center (893-7301) by June 24.

COMING UP: The SPTC Junior Open is June 17-19 at the St. Petersburg Tennis
Center and offers singles only for those 18 and younger. Call tournament
director Al Sarmiento at 360-2643 today. The Summer Classic for juniors in
singles is June 24-26 at the McMullen Tennis Complex. Call Krishnan Anandan at
669-1919.


LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Kelly Nelson

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 1, 1993, Thursday

TENNIS Southern Closed at South Fulton draws top juniors

BYLINE: By Todd Holcomb STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section K; Page 6

LENGTH: 331 words


One of the South's top junior tournaments is going on this week at South Fulton
Tennis Center. The Southern Boys and Girls 16 Closed Championships qualifies
players from nine states for national tournaments.

There are 128-player draws in both boys and girls 16-and-under divisions.

Georgia's top players are Lovett sophomore Joey Pitts and Walton High junior
Amanda Ballinger. Both are seeded alphabetically in the 9-16 group. Pitts, who
missed all last year with a knee injury, could be a strong darkhourse contender.
Ballinger won the Southern 14s two years ago.

There are four Southern Closed tournaments being played throughout the South
this week. In Columbia, S.C., Jackie Jenkins and Jewel Peterson, both of College
Park, are seeded No. 2 in boys and girls, respectively, at the Southern 12
Closed. Their seeding is representive of their regional ranking.

Other local players seeded include Tony Thomas of East Point in the boys 18s in
Mobile, Ala., Ramsey Roberts in the girls 14s in Macon and Amy Robertson of
Newnan in the girls 16s at South Fulton. . . .

NO SWEAT: Mark Joyner of Peachtree City captured the boys 18-and- under singles
title at the Northwest District Junior Sports Festival last week, and he only
won one game to do it. His first two opponents defaulted, one a no-show, the
other injured. His opponent in the final, Trenton Carter of Evans, Ga., was
leading 2-1 when he broke a string on his racket. He couldn't find a replacement
quick enough and had to default, conceding the winner's trophy to Joyner.

The key to hitting the volley is starting in the correct ready position. Hold
the racket firmly, and use the continental grip. For right- handers this grip
shows the index knuckle on the top-right bevel. Move your elbows slightly in
front of your body, and have the racket head up so your eyes look over the top
of the racket. When the ball comes simply turn your strings and block the ball.
For racket movement on the volley, less is more.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931830075

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of Larry Graham.

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                August 17, 2001

TENNIS; HENMAN GIVES IT TO VOINEA STRAIGHT

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 67

LENGTH: 302 words


TIM HENMAN continued his build-up towards this month's US Open by powering into
the third round of the RCA Championships in Indianapolis with a 6-2, 6-3 win
over Romania's Adrian Voinea.

The sixth seed will now face Mariano Zabaleta after the Argentinian's
hard-fought 6-4, 2-6, 7-5 success over American qualifier Kevin Kim. Henman has
faced Zabaleta five times before on the ATP Tour, with the 23-year-old South
American holding a 3-2 advantage.

However, two of their three hard-court encounters have gone the way of Henman,
with Zabaleta's other two victories coming on clay.

Top-seed Gustavo Kuerten shrugged off the loss of a tennis racket to beat Noam
Okun of Israel 6-4, 6-3 and reach the third round.

Kuerten realised one of his rackets was missing from the locker room shortly
before heading for the Stadium Court at the Indianapolis Tennis Center. Henman
sympathised with Kuerten's plight. "I heard about it, " said Henman, wincing at
the thought of only having two rackets to play with.

"I normally have six rackets on court and nine or 10 in total. But he plays with
synthetic gut so he doesn't need to string them as much as I do since I use
natural gut."

Henman's serve was broken once in the second game of the second set, but
capitalised on all five break point opportunities presented by the 103rd-ranked
Voinea. "I'm really happy with the way I played, " Henman said.

GERMANY'S Anke Huber and Wimbledon finalist Justine Henin of Belgium were the
first two players to book quarter-final spots at the rain-delayed Canadian Open.

Huber, the No14 seed who said she will not change her plans to retire at the end
of the season, upset third seed Amelie Mauresmo of France 6-3, 6-3 in the third
round, while Henin cruised past unseeded American Amy Frazier 6-3, 6-2.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2001 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             March 30, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Aegis an example of Maine innovation;
From wooden tennis racquets to swoopy carbon-fiber bikes, quality is the gold
standard.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 286 words


The amount of newsprint that has been devoted to the decline of Maine's timber
and manufacturing economy could consume a small forest all by itself.

Now Maine must reinvent itself to become an ''innovation economy,'' the experts
tell us.

What exactly are they talking about?

To an economic theorist, the creative or innovation economy relies on a set of
interlocking industry sectors that are driven by ideas rather than commodities.

More broadly, it refers to businesses that are able to adapt their expertise to
new products or market opportunities, even in manufacturing.

Take, for example, Aegis Bikes. This Van Buren manufacturer began life crafting
wooden Rossignol tennis racquets. As the racquet technology advanced, the
company began adding carbon-fiber laminates to its frames. Soon, workers
mastered the skills needed to create complex, load-bearing carbon composite
racquets.

When Rossignol outsourced itsracquet-making overseas, the company's familiarity
with composites won it a contract making carbon-fiber tubes for the
first-generation composite bikes. Now Aegis has mastered the skills needed to
make a futuristic carbon bicycle frame sought by top athletes.

The innovation economy is never a smooth ride: Witness Aegis' multiple
reinventions of itself. But the keys to success are the vision to see what's
next, the flexibility to adapt existing skills to new products, and the ability
to produce pure quality.

Correction

An editorial on page A6 Wednesday said, incorrectly, that voter approval would
be needed for the city of Portland to borrow $1.7 million to build a clubhouse
at Hadlock Field. All that is required is the approval of seven of the nine city
councilors. It was an editorial writer's error.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday

What a racket;
Local kids take a swing at tennis with help from Venus Williams

BYLINE: Michael J. Ballway, CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 507 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Playing tennis is "more difficult in real life" than on the Nintendo Wii, but
Bill Darling likes it anyway.

Bill, an 11-year-old student at Worcester Arts Magnet School, had never swung a
tennis racket - other than the virtual kind - but had a lot of fun passing a
ball from his racket to his partner's during one of the drills at a Wednesday
afternoon tennis clinic at the DCU Center. The clinic was hosted by the United
States Tennis Association and the Fed Cup women's tennis team that will play
against Belarus at the DCU Center this weekend.

It probably didn't dampen anybody's enthusiasm that the clinic was a chance to
run around and exercise rather than sit in class or follow Bill's usual
Wednesday afternoon routine - go home and start his homework.

Students from Worcester Arts Magnet School, City View Discovery School and Elm
Park Community School participated in a series of drills and games during the
two-hour clinic, coached by USTA staff and tennis players from local colleges
and Westboro High School.

Ava Diggs, 9, who plays tennis and other sports at Girls Inc., called the event
"pretty cool."

One of her peers at Girls Inc., Elizabeth Robinson, 10, had never played the
sport before, but had so much fun that she hopes to pick up a tennis racket
again and get to know the game better.

Their group was one of those that received quick lessons in service, grip and
footwork from Fed Cup team member Venus Williams and team coach Mary Joe
Fernandez, both of whom are multiple Olympic gold medalists.

Gov. Deval L. Patrick joined them for an impromptu doubles game. He said he was
proud to see Worcester hosting the Fed Cup, and glad to see young boys and girls
learning a sport that they will be able to play for the rest of their lives -
and having so much fun while doing it.

"You can see the enthusiasm," Mr. Patrick said.

Although the Fed Cup is in Worcester for this year only, school officials hope
to partner with the USTA to hold a similar clinic for youngsters on a regular
basis.

"It's a great opportunity for the kids," said Mark T. Berthiaume, communications
and school support coordinator for Worcester schools. "Next year, we would like
to do more."

Mr. Berthiaume said because of logistical reasons, only three schools
participated in yesterday's clinic, although he would like to involve more
schools in future events and involve the USTA in playground renovations.

At the end of the clinic, members of the United States Fed Cup team answered
questions submitted by schoolchildren.

Liezel Huber, ranked No. 1 among women's doubles players worldwide, drew
laughter when asked what she ate to stay in shape: "I don't eat pizza. If I did,
I might play like a pizza."

Mayor Joseph C. Petty, City Manager Michael V. O'Brien, School Superintendent
Melinda Boone and members of the City Council and School Committee also attended
yesterday's tennis clinic.

Top women's tennis stars from the United States and Belarus will take to the
court Saturday and Sunday in a BNP Paribas World Group II first round matchup at
the DCU Center.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
(1) Vyce Tetteh, 5, a kindergartner at the Worcester Arts Magnet School, bounces
a ball on a racket during a tennis clinic at the DCU Center yesterday. (2)
Kailiah Fontaine, 8, of Worcester, listens to an instructor during the tennis
clinic.
T&G Staff Photos/RICK CINCLAIR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Tennis: Kiwi pro plays it smart with stringing machine

SECTION: SPORT; General

LENGTH: 411 words


A New Zealand tennis professional has invented a unique racquet stringing
machine, which has changed the lives of the many touring players outside the top
echelon.

Davis Cup representative Rubin Statham had the genesis of an idea after his
first year on the circuit in 2005.

Life wasn"t easy on the lower reaches and he was spending thousands on getting
his racquets tuned and strung for daily play.

The alternative was carrying a machine to do it yourself, but most were
cumbersome and weighed between 20kg and 30kg.

Pro Stringer is the smallest and lightest stringing machine in the world.

"I spent about $9000 on stringing my racquets in my first year," said Statham.
"It was ridiculous considering what I was making."

At the professional level, racquet stringing is a precise art. Players have
their racquets tuned to different tensions; some prefer more power, some focus
on control. World No2 Roger Federer likes around 50 pounds of tension, while
British star Andy Murray prefers up to 66 pounds.

Most players even need unused racquets to be re-strung overnight or they can
lose tension, which in the exact science of a professional match might be the
difference.

During the last week in Melbourne Venus Williams had at least five racquets
strung each day, at an average cost of A$35 per racquet. It"s small change for
tennis millionaires but a huge cost for those outside the top 100.

Frustrated with the options, Statham began working with a Korean tennis fan he
met by chance at a tournament, who happened to be an electronics engineer. The
duo spent four years developing the concept, before going to the market in 2011.

"There are more than 2000 professional players out there - many in the same
boat," said Statham, currently ranked 581 in the world.

"There weren"t many alternatives but we"ve created something portable and easy
to use.

"And it"s electronic, so it allows you to measure the exact tension. There was
no second guessing."

Statham estimates there are more than 500 professional players using his compact
Pro Stringer machine, which weighs about 4kg and has been described as "the iPod
of stringing machines".

"They are brilliant," said New Zealand No1 Michael Venus. "It"s changed things
for a lot of players."

The 27-year-old Statham says his opponents are often also customers, leading to
some humorous situations.

"Last year in California, just after the coin toss, the guy I was about to play
asked if I had a spare clamp for the machine," said Statham.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 16, 1998 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

AGASSI STILL CAN BEAT TENNIS' BEST SYBASE UPSET: NO. 1 SAMPRAS FALLS TO UNSEEDED
EX-CHAMP 6-2, 6-4 IN FINAL.

BYLINE: SHELDON SPENCER, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 873 words


The moderator of Pete Sampras' first Sybase Open news conference as a match
loser this decade sensed the world's No. 1 tennis player had tired of queries
after a dreary Sunday afternoon.

So he asked the media: "Is there one last question for Andre?"

The initial awkward silence was broken by chuckles as Sampras began checking his
hairline to make sure his curls had not been replaced by Andre Agassi's
chrome-dome cut.

It has been some time since anyone could mistake Agassi, once a ruler of the ATP
tour, with the man who has been at the top of the heap five years running.

But this day, unseeded Agassi copped Sampras' Sybase Open singles crown with a
6-2, 6-4 victory before 10,925 at San Jose Arena and a national television
audience.

Agassi ended Sampras' 14-match Sybase winning streak and two-year tournament
reign as well as adding to his collection of Bay Area victories. He won in San
Francisco in 1990 and 1993 and won the Sybase in 1995.

"I don't mean to come across being anticlimactic, but I'm a little bummed that
I'm not playing in a match tomorrow," said Agassi after accepting his $45,000
first-prize check and his trophy.

While holding his prizes, Agassi said: "This feels weird. I'm not used to
accepting trophies. I haven't done it in a while."

The victory was Agassi's first elite tour title since an August 1996 triumph
over Michael Chang in Cincinnati. Agassi, ranked No. 71 this week, knocked off
No. 12 Gustavo Kuerten, No. 7 Chang and No. 1 Sampras in returning to the
winning spotlight.

To some observers, Agassi's victory is a major milestone in comeback from a No.
141 ranking at one point last year, the first year he failed to win a tournament
as an elite-level player since 1986.

Agassi wants to reserve judgment until later in the season.

But Sampras believes all the reports of Agassi's withering skills were
overblown.

Agassi's problems "were more in his mind than in his hands or tennis ability,"
Sampras said.

"If he's ranked 120th, guys still fear him."

Agassi made a statement almost from the start of his 21st match with Sampras,
who leads the series 12-9.

After Sampras served five aces in winning the first game, Agassi charged to a
5-1 lead. He broke Sampras' serve twice in the spree, benefiting as Sampras
began to return long with his suddenly unreliable backhand.

By the middle of the match, Sampras seemed as tightly strung as his rackets.
Each fell apart.

With Agassi leading 30-15 in the first set's eighth game, Sampras' second racket
of the day popped a string. He was forced to volley with Agassi with a gutted
racket, and his drop shot failed to clear the net.

On the next serve with his third racket, Sampras' shot went long to give Agassi
the set in 33 minutes.

But Sampras refused to blame his equipment for his troubles. He routinely has
his rackets strung to 80 pounds of pressure, he said.

"I've tried everything in the book. This racket has been great to me, and I have
enough rackets," Sampras said, "as long as there are enough cows in the world."

In the second set, Sampras' service game fell apart. Miraculously, he overcame
three double faults to win Game 7 and close to within one game of Agassi.
Sampras kept the pressure on to push the set to 10 games.

But Agassi played a symphony of strong second serves and returns on second
serves to gain revenge for a 1996 Sybase loss to Sampras.

Agassi had a 67 percent to 38 percent advantage over Sampras on second-serve
points won, and a 62 percent to 33 percent advantage on second-return points.

"But I wasn't thinking the match was over with until the last point was done,"
Agassi said.

"Pete could have tied it up, taken me on the tiebreaker and then played a set
where he hits nine aces. That's the type of guy he is."

Sampras finished with six double-faults but an impressive 17 aces en route to a
$26,000 runner-up check.

"Sure, I had a bad day. But Andre had a lot to do with it," Sampras said.

"There was tons of pressure on me, but I have to chalk it up and get ready for
Philadelphia (Sampras' next tour stop Feb. 23).

Between Agassi's Cincinnati victory and his latest Sybase, the former No.
1-rated player had been reduced to playing in the fall Challenger bracket to
recapture the feeling of winning again.

To what does Agassi attribute his re-emergence?

"Hard work on the weights, hard work on the cardio, hard work on the tennis
court, hard work on the knife and fork," said Agassi, who at 5-foot-11, 165
pounds is playing 18 pounds lighter than last season.

So is the Agassi-Sampras rivalry officially renewed?

"It's renewed so far that when Pete looks at the draw, he's going to wonder
where my name is," Agassi said.

"I'm guessing he's not going to be too sure about how the match is going to turn
out."

Agassi would love to meet Sampras in a French Open final, because that it is the
one Grand Slam tournament neither has won.

"That would be a beautiful thing," he said.

ETC:

Top-seeded Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde of Australia defeated Brazil's
tandem of Nelson Aerts and Andre Sa 6-1, 7-5 for the doubles title . . . The
tourney attracted 75,201 fans, a record that eclipses the 74,445 who attended
last year.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: LG FRANCIS -- MERCURY NEWS
Andre Agassi, ranked only 71st in the world, shows why he used to be No. 1 by
winning the tournament in San Jose.
[980216 SP 1D 1]
PHOTO: LG FRANCIS -- MERCURY NEWS
Brooke Shields tries to help out as husband Andre Agassi pulls off his 6-2, 6-4
victory after failing to win last year.
[980216 SP 6D]

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     April 11, 1998, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

SPORTS PAGE;
Formerly wooded facility now 'sunny Racquet Club'

BYLINE: Todd Holcomb

SECTION: GWINNETT EXTRA; Pg. 12JJ

LENGTH: 331 words


Thursday morning's tornado inflicted serious damage to the Racquet Club of the
South in Norcross, Gwinnett County's largest tennis facility.

The storm ripped holes in the roof of the eight indoor courts, tore down almost
every fence surrounding the 18 outdoor courts and toppled six light poles and a
few hundred trees. But the damage won't cancel the ACC Championships scheduled
there April 23-26, according to general manager Paul Shane, who said he hoped to
have the club operating again by next week.

"I spoke with the ACC people this morning, and they say if courts are playable
and the parking lot is open, that's all we need," said Shane, who estimated the
damage will come to between $ 800,000 and $ 1 million. "The parking lot will be
cleared and the courts will be in A-plus shape. That's about all we can
guarantee."

The restaurant could reopen as early as midweek, Shane said, and courts could be
playable by next weekend. Gouges in the courts caused by fallen poles and trees
will be patched, and fences are being replaced today.

"We're the sunny Racquet Club of the South now," Shane said of the formerly
wooded club off Peachtree Corners Circle.

"All the trees are broken 10 to 12 feet from the ground. "Whatever our members
might imagine is out here, they should multiply it by a thousand. They won't
believe it until they've seen it."

JUNIOR CIRCUIT: Aimee Smith of Norcross made the girls 16 final of the recent
STA/Duck Head Super Circuit in Athens. Jessica O'Neal of Lilburn upset the No. 1
seed, Elizabeth Sauerborn of Aiken, S.C., in the first round. O'Neal also made
the girls 16 semifinals of the Super Circuit event last weekend in Nashville. .
. . Brian Farrell of Lilburn made the boys 18 semifinals in Athens, and Matthew
Lockin of Lithonia made the boys 16 quarterfinals. . . . Seva Iwinski of
Norcross won the girls 16 singles title at the STA Challenger in Athens, beating
Caroline Bentley of Huntsville, Ala., 6-4, 6-2 in the final.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Debris: Kelly Ruark cleans up at the Racquet Club of the South Friday
 afternoon. The club was hit hard by Thursday's storms./ WILLIAM BERRY /
 Staff

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 18, 1997, Wednesday

USTA divisionals near completion

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 617 words



Playoffs conclude this weekend for four local divisions in the U.S. Tennis
Association Adult League. A fifth division was decided last weekend.

Paradise Island's 4.0 women's team slipped past East Lake Woodlands 3-2 in  two
consecutive matches to capture the division title and advance to the next  level
next month.

"We did it, but only by the skin of our teeth," said Judy Grim, captain  of the
Paradise squad. "We knew we had to win or have another week of  competition."

Paradise played without its No. 1 singles player, Barbara Kalvoda, whose
daughter Tiffanie was competing in last weekend's Junior State Closed Singles
Championships in Orlando.

Paradise went up 2-1 on wins from Heather Nicoll and Clara Reynolds in No.  2
doubles and Grim and Pat Kelly in No. 3. The No. 1 team of Patti Starnes and
Karen Smith fell in straight sets.

A straight-set loss in No. 1 singles by Karen Shaffner evened the team  score at
2-2. The Paradise hero was Kathy Moll in No. 2, who outlasted Nancy  Boyce in a
hard-fought three-set match.

"Kathy had been beaten by Nancy four times before and in three sets,"  Grim
said. "Kathy was our team hero for this match. She lost the first set  6-2, was
down 3-0 and came back to win 2-6, 6-3, 6-1."

Rounding out the Paradise team are Carol Levin, Cini Malone and Joan  Plaster.
Grim, Reynolds, Levin, Malone and Kelly also are members of the  Treasure Island
4.0 senior team that won the state championship and will  compete in the
nationals in October.

In other playoff results from last weekend, East Lake's 3.5 women's team  won
its second match and the Racquet Club won its first. Saturday, East Lake  hosts
the Vinoy and Seminole is at the Racquet Club. An East Lake win would  clinch
the division title; a loss would force a tie with the Seminole-Racquet  Club
winner.

In the case of ties, the team winning the most individual matches or the  team
with either the fewest sets or games lost would be declared the winner  under a
tiebreak format.

In men's competition, Innisbrook won its second match in the 3.5 division,  as
did the Vinoy. Saturday's Innisbrook-Vinoy matchup at Innisbrook will  determine
the champion.

The St. Petersburg Tennis Center defeated the Racquet Club 3-2 and  Countryside
won 4-1 over East Lake in 4.0 play.  Saturday's SPTC-Countryside  match is the
title match.

In the 4.5 division, Royal Racquet Club and the Racquet Club each posted  wins.
This Saturday, Safety Harbor faces McMullen and Royal plays the Racquet  Club.
If McMullen and Royal win, there will be a three-way tie with McMullen,  Royal
and the Racquet Club. A Racquet Club victory would clinch the title.

RATING CLINIC: A USTA National Tennis Rating Program clinic begins at 9  a.m.
July 19 at Pro Star Tennis Club in Clearwater. Call 581-4935 to schedule  a
rating time. There is a $ 10 fee.

RAYMOND JAMES: The 15th annual Raymond James Tennis Tournament held at the
Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club this month netted $ 27,000 for the
American Cancer Society. In all, 60 amateur players and 30 teaching pros
competed.

Jeff Winkler and Shawn Henchan captured the men's A title and Chuck Stumm  and
Andre Janeseck won the B.

Lori Grey won a double: the women's A with Norma Rizzo and the B with Lynn
Pratt.

COMING UP: The St. Petersburg Tennis Center hosts a state-sanctioned junior
singles and doubles tournament this weekend. Call Al Sarmiento at 360-2643.  The
Racquet Club of St. Petersburg hosts the State Closed NTRP Tournament in
singles and doubles June 28-30. All players must have an official NTRP rating
either from the computer or on-court. Call Hans Gallauer at 527-6553.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

COCO PUFFS AND HUFFS Vandeweghe throws fit after 1st round ouster

BYLINE: BY KEVIN ARMSTRONG NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 755 words


COCO Vandeweghe went a little loco after losing in the first round at the U.S.
Open Monday afternoon.

"I'm frickin' pissed," she said following a three-set match that lasted 2 hours
and 25 minutes before she slammed her tennis racket in defeat. "It sucks."

Vandeweghe, the tourney's No. 28 seed and the niece of former Knick Kiki
VanDeWeghe, refused to shake the hand of Irish chair umpire Fergus Murphy after
dropping her opener, 7-6, 3-6, 4-6, to unseeded Naomi Osaka on Court No. 13.

She cited her decision to change clothes during a bathroom break as a turning
point.

"He was trying to scold me after I went for a bathroom break to change my
clothes because I, like, didn't specifically tell him I was changing clothes,"
she said. "I didn't think he deserved to have my respect for trying to be a
parent to me and scold me, and so that is why I decided not to shake his hand."

Immediately after her serve was broken on match point, Vandeweghe slammed her
racket by the baseline before making her way to the net to shake hands with
Osaka as temperatures topped 90 degrees on court. Vandeweghe then went straight
to her chair and retrieved her equipment bag while Osaka shook Murphy's hand.

Vandeweghe, 24, walked off with the bag on her left shoulder and her racket in
her right hand. She took exception to Murphy's officiating, and asserted that
there was no history between player and official prior to the afternoon's
frustrations.

"I thought he was terrible on both ends, not just for me, but for her, (too),"
she said. "You're gonna miss calls, of course it's going to happen, but the way
he behaved, being on his high horse was kind of lame. It's not necessary. It's
probably the best way you can say it."

Athletics run deep in a variety of sports for the Vandeweghe family, many of
whom were in the stands Monday. Her mother was an Olympic swimmer and her uncle
was the NBA executive who drafted Carmelo Anthony with the Denver Nuggets in
2003. CoCo made waves at Wimbledon in 2015 with her comments about Anthony,
calling him "soft" and lacking a "killer instinct." She was not sure whether her
uncle was in attendance Monday.

She could not pinpoint mistakes that led to her loss and believed her game plan
was solid. She recorded 12 aces, but also double faulted eight times. Osaka aced
her nine times and gave away five double faults. Vandeweghe had advanced out of
the first round each of the last three U.S. Opens, but has never reached the
third round. She came in confident that she could win a match as the world's No.
30 player.

"I got ready, felt good, practiced well all last week, was ready to play, was
ready to win," she said. "I lost."

No blame was directed toward her opponent.

"The match was a good match," Vandeweghe said. "It's unfortunate that a chair
umpire has to (insert) himself into a match because they want to feel important.
That shouldn't happen."

Asked what was up next for her, Vandeweghe noted that she wasn't going anywhere
just yet.

"I have doubles," she said. "Doubles and mixed, that's where I'm heading next."

FEATURES MATCHES

Play begins on all-courts at 11 a.m.

Arthur Ashe Stadium

Kirsten Flipkens, Belgium, vs. Simona Halep (5), Romania.

Fernando Verdasco, Spain, vs. Stan Wawrinka (3), Switzerland.

Kateryna Kozlova, Ukraine, vs. Venus Williams (6), United States.

Night Session (7 p.m.)

Serena Williams (1), United States, vs. Ekaterina Makarova, Russia.

Lukas Rosol, Czech Republic, vs. Andy Murray (2), Britain.

Louis Armstrong Stadium

Denisa Allertova, Czech Republic, vs. Ana Ivanovic (29), Serbia.

Janko Tipsarevic, Serbia, vs. Sam Querrey (29), United States.

Juan Martin del Potro, Argentina, vs. Diego Schwartzman, Argentina.

Agnieszka Radwanska (4), Poland, vs. Jessica Pegula, United States.

Grandstand

Kei Nishikori (6), Japan, vs. Benjamin Becker, Germany.

Katerina Siniakova, Czech Republic, vs. Eugenie Bouchard, Canada.

Louisa Chirico, United States, vs. Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova (17), Russia.

Not before 5:30 p.m.

Steve Johnson (19), United States, vs. Evgeny Donskoy, Russia.

Court 17

Pauline Parmentier, France, vs. Caroline Garcia (25), France.

Jared Donaldson, United States, vs. David Goffin (12), Belgium.

Donald Young, United States, vs. Jan-Lennard Struff, Germany.

Karolina Pliskova (10), Czech Republic, vs. Sofia Kenin, United States.

Old Grandstand

Lucie Safarova, Czech Republic, vs. Daria Gavrilova, Australia.

Camila Giorgi, Italy, vs. Sam Stosur (16), Australia.

Damir Dzumhur, Bosnia-Herzegovina, vs. Bernard Tomic (17), Australia.

Nick Kyrgios (14), Australia, vs. Aljaz Bedene, Britain.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Coco Vandeweghe causes quite a racket when she feels chair umpire helps
lead to loss to unseeded Naomi Osaka on Monday in first round of U.S. Open. USA
TODAY/AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SIDEBAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 30, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

McEnroe beefs at British press intrusion

BYLINE: Doug Smith

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE: WIMBLEDON, England


Headlines in British tabloids frequently are stormier than London weather,
especially during Wimbledon.

 John McEnroe is a favorite target. London Daily Star subhead: ''Mighty Mouth
Puts Knife into Aussies.'' The Daily Star told its readers Thursday:

''McEnroe's controversial career took a new turn. ... when it was revealed he
hated Australia and Australians....''

The Daily Star wrote McEnroe, after his victory against Aussie Darren Cahall,
''lent fuel'' to his hatred of Australians by saying, ''I'm glad I won. I was
sick of losing to Australians.''

Wrong rackets taken

Chris Evert delayed playing her Centre Court match against Hu Na Thursday
because Hana Mandlikova took her rackets.

Turns out it was an honest mistake. Mandlikova and Evert use Wilson rackets and
both have similar racket bags.

Mandlikova picked up Evert's by mistake in the locker room and went to practice
on an outside court. When she realized she had the wrong bag, she raced back to
the locker room.

Women get sponsor

Kraft General Foods will replace Virginia Slims as the worldwide sponsor of
women's tour in 1990, Jane Brown, managing director of the Women's International
Professional Tennis Council said Thursday

Brown said the tour will include 64 tournaments in 19 countries offering more
than $ 23 million in prize money.

Happer might move

Marshall Happer, the Men's Tennis Council administrator, is being considered for
a position with the United States Tennis Association, USTA president David
Markin said Thursday.

Happer ends an eight-year stint as MTC administrator when the organization
disbands in December.

Markin said Happer is among the candidates for executive director, a position
that has been vacant since John Fogarty resigned last year.

''We probably won't make a selection for that position until the U.S. Open, but
Marshall is certainly a qualified candidate,'' said Markin.

South African backer

Ros Fairbank, a South African living in San Diego, supports the Association of
Tennis Professionals efforts to play events in her home country.

''I think it's great,'' she said. ''I'm actually pretty angry that South Africa
is discriminated against in the way that it is. I think it's terrible because I
there are so many other countries that have the same - discriminate against
their fellow people, and yet South Africa is the country that is singled out.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Ribbon Label; WIMBLEDON REPORT; 2

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 6, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Teaching tennis keeps Halpinein the swing

BYLINE: PEG SHELDRICK, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: X; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 650 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


She's in ponytails and pink, hefting a tennis racquet almost as big as she is.

He's twice her size, black warm-ups contrasting with silver hair, ready to teach
her the fundamentals of a sport he has played nearly all his life.

Tennis pro Rich Halpine isn't worried about launching the girl into a
competitive career. He just wants her to enjoy the lesson.

Halpine is U.S.  Professional Tennis Association (USPTA) certified, and has been
inducted into both the Nebraska Tennis Hall of Fame and the Missouri Valley
Professional Tennis Hall of Fame.

"He has more energy than most 40-year-olds," says Ann Bartek, assistant general
manager of Lincoln Racquet Club, where Halpine has been director of tennis since
1999.

He joined the Racquet Club staff in his mid-60s. Despite two hip replacements,
Halpine continues to put in hours on the court daily, coaching students of all
ages.

Halpine grew up in Omaha, a block from Dewey Tennis Center. "That's where I got
started," he said. "I never took private lessons. â?¦ It was just a natural
thing to do."

He continued playing tennis, winning titles during his years at Creighton Prep.

He began studying for the priesthood and spent three years teaching at a
boarding school on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota.

Later, he decided against the priesthood and took a teaching job at an Omaha
high school.

Halpine eventually was offered a job as tennis pro at Hanscom Indoor Tennis
Center in Omaha.

"I'd never heard of indoor tennis before," he said. "It looked like kind of a
neat thing. It looked like it could be a challenge and it could be fun. And I've
been in that profession ever since."

In Omaha, "The days were full. I would leave the home early in the morning,
sometimes when it was dark, and I'd get home when it was dark," said Halpine.
"In fact, I was gone so much that my next door neighbor thought I'd left my
family." The neighbor even offered to come over and cut the grass.

After his stint at Hanscom, Halpine moved on to Sioux City, Iowa, to become
part-owner of an indoor/outdoor private club.

Halpine also worked in Grand Island before taking the job at the Lincoln Racquet
Club in 1999.

He's seen many changes in the sport, including a shift from tennis-only clubs to
clubs that incorporate other fitness activities, such as aerobics and
weightlifting.

The added options have helped tennis enthusiasts. "You've got people that are
real diehards in tennis," said Halpine. "And they find out by working out along
with their tennis, their tennis has become better (and) more enjoyable, and they
can play longer." He has added workouts to his own routine.

Halpine said his career has been fun. "The thing is, I've never looked on tennis
as really a job. I've never punched a clock," he said.

He delegates more teaching than he used to, partly because of his workouts and
partly because of his administrative duties. Health is also a factor.

"I've always loved teaching,' Halpine said. "I've always loved being able to
help people on the tennis court. But I've got to understand too that as I get
older and my mobility isn't the way I'd really like it to be, I want to make
sure I have people working around me that can work with people I'm not really
capable of working with. â?¦ I have the knowledge of the game, but I can't be a
challenge on the court. â?¦ I like to surround myself with people that are
capable of fulfilling that part of the job."

The Lincoln Racquet Club program serves all ages and skill levels, including
very young players.

Even though Halpine has delegated some of his hours on the court, he still loves
teaching and remains a major figure in Nebraska tennis.

"I don't want to stay off the court," he said. "I just can't be on the court
eight hours a day like I used to." He can teach 31/2 to four hours on a good
day, he said.

"(I) don't want to lose contact with teaching, because that's what I am,
primarily. I'm a teacher."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rich Halpine says his career as a tennis pro has been fun. "The thing
is, I've never looked on tennis as really a job. I've never punched a clock."
The director of tennis at Lincoln Racquet Club delegates more teaching than he
used to, partly because of his workouts, partly because of his administrative
duties, and partly for health reasons. ERIC GREGORY/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                             June 14, 2002, Friday

AREA TENNIS; Event to help domestic violence shelter

BYLINE: Anna Martin

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 459 words


For seven years tennis players in our area have been supporting a good cause
through the game they love.  This year's Annual Domestic Violence Tennis
Tournament will be held at Holly Tree Racquet Club on June 28 and 29.

This event attracts many of the top players in our community.  It also appeals
to players of all levels.  But for the most part, players participate and fans
come out to watch to support the fund-raiser for the Domestic Violence Shelter.

Those interested in playing in the tournament should contact Amy Taylor, event
chair, at 343-1427 or Kitty Yerkes at the Domestic Violence Shelter, 343-0703.

In addition, there is the "100 Person Pledge" in hopes of getting 100 people to
contribute at least $ 100 to help eliminate domestic violence in our community.
You do not have to be a tennis player to participate in this pledge, and all
proceeds go to the Domestic Violence Shelter.

For those who enjoy watching, mingling, playing tennis and supporting an
important cause, consider spending some fun time at Holly Tree Racquet Club on
June 28 and 29.

SENIOR CHAMPIONSHIPS IN WILMINGTON

More than 600 senior USA League Tennis players are in town this weekend
competing for the State Championship Title.

Teams from as far away as the mountains in addition to seven teams from our own
League are battling the heat and each other for the chance to advance to the
Sectional Championships in Louisville, Ky., in late July.

Local teams competing are James Lucas' Senior Men's 3.0; Bob Dempsey, Senior
Men's 3.5; Oakey Mertz, Senior Men 's 4.0; Helen Hughes, Senior Women's 3.0;
Paula Sparboe, Senior Women's 3.0 wildcard team; Cookie Parker, Senior Women's
3.5 and Sylvia Kveton, Senior Women 's 4.0.

To support our local teams, and to watch some great tennis, come out to Porters
Neck, Echo Farms, Country Club of Landfall and Holly Tree Racquet Club today and
Saturday.  In the event of rain, play will continue into Sunday.

LOCAL WINNERS

In addition to the above senior teams, the following adult level teams have won
our local league and will be advancing to Adult State Championships over the
July 4 weekend.

Our local winners by captains' names include: Women 2.5, Emily Mabry; Women 3.0,
Nancy Thomas; Women 3.5, Jennifer Adams; Women 4.0, Vonda Ryninger; Women 4.5,
Heather Smith; Men 2.5, Joe Ford; Men 3.0, Chip Overman; Men 3.5, Mark Gruber;
Men 4.0, Mike Kaizar; Men 4.5, Mark Boren; Men 5.0, Rusty Lee.

In addition, there is a wildcard team representing the Men 3.0 level and that
team's captain is Charlie Rogers.

Anna Martin is the Wilmington USTA league coordinator. Her column appears every
other Friday. For more information on leagues or programs, access
http://tennis.wilmington.org.


LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STAFF PHOTO / MARK COURTNEY. Allen Farfour coached The Dogs (Joe Ford's
2.5 team) into the state tournament, which will be held over July 4 weekend.
Farfour also coaches the UNCW men's team.

                   Copyright 2002 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 13, 1989, Tuesday, City Edition

Rec centers benefit from racquet, ball donations

SECTION: CITY TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 218 words

DATELINE: PALM HARBOR



PALM HARBOR - East Lake Woodlands Racquet Club recently donated more    than
2,000 tennis balls and 50 tennis racquets to two area recreation    centers.

 &     The balls and racquets were divided between the Clearwater Parks    and
Recreation Department (CPRD) and the Tarpon Springs Parks    Department (TSPD)
after six months of collecting by organizers at East    Lake Woodlands.

     Most of the racquets and balls were donated by the tennis club at    East
Lake, however about 20 of the racquets were ones used by Kim    Warwick when he
was on the men's pro tour in the 1970s and early 1980s.

 Warwick is now the co-director of the club.

     "I guess some of the racquets might be ones I used to win some
tournaments," Warwick said. "We just thought it was a good idea. I    know that
when I was young, if I got something I really appreciated it.

 So, we thought this was a good way to make some kids happy."

     Officials from the CPRD said the racquets and balls will be used as
loaners for its adult and junior winter season, and for its Youth Team    Tennis
Program next summer. TSPD officials said they plan to use the    donated
equipment for a summer enrichment program, for youngsters ages    6-13.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE
TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              May 22, 2011 Sunday
                                   L2 Edition

Campanile's in good company for state voyage

BYLINE: By Bill McLean, Daily Herald Correspondent

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 794 words


Mark Campanile passed up the chance to string rackets for pro tennis players at
this month's French Open.

Campanile, known as "The Racquet Man," strings more than 7,000 rackets per year.

Had the father of Grayslake North's No. 1 singles player, junior Nate Campanile,
hopped on a plane to mend millionaires' sticks in Paris, he would have missed
three significant local events:

Nate's matches at Saturday's Warren sectional.

Daughter Gina's graduation at Grayslake North.

Nate's matches at state next weekend.

"Priorities, man," Mark said on Saturday, after his son defeated Warren junior
Wesley Stoller 6-1, 6-3 in the Warren sectional singles match for third place.

"I'm staying around here."

The declaration thrilled Nate Campanile (22-6).

The Knight, after all, relies on his father to string his rackets so that
they're in tip-taut shape for big matches.

"He strings them at a tension of 56-58 pounds, every time," said Nate, now a
two-time state qualifier in singles. "Does a great job, every time."

"He's the best," the son added.

The best singles player at the sectional on Saturday: Grayslake Central senior
player Mitch Granger.

The best team: Warren, paced by senior doubles champions Nikola Trukov/Eric
Seiler (37-5). All four of the team's entrants (2 singles players, 2 doubles
teams) advanced to state.

Warren's Blue Devils netted 32 points to easily capture their seventh sectional
title inside the Racquet Club of Lake Bluff (rain Saturday morning, at Warren's
Almond campus courts, forced the sectional's final four matches indoors).
Runner-up Grayslake Central tallied 20.

Warren's No. 2 doubles team, senior Neel Desai and sophomore Matt Matheny,
reached the final as a No. 3 seed after upsetting second-seeded senior Nick
Battis/Dan Starkey of Grant in a 6-3, 6-0 semifinal Saturday morning. And Blue
Devils sophomore Kristiyan Trukov (25-10) bowed 6-4, 6-0 to Granger (34-1) in
the singles final.

"Kristiyan is a gamer, a thinker on the court," said Granger, a state singles
qualifier as a sophomore, in 2009, before living in Florida for a year. "Solid
from the baseline. And he brought something new to the table on every point."

Granger broke the Blue Devil's serve to go up 5-3. Trukov broke right back.
Granger earned another service break to secure the set, 6-4.

"I knew, as soon as I won that set, how important the first game of the second
set would be," said the Western Illinois-bound Granger, who helped Grayslake
Central capture its first Fox Valley Conference championship in program history
last weekend.

"I also knew I would have to come out with intensity."

He did just that, holding serve at love. The Ram fell behind love-40 in the
second game, before stringing together - without any help from Dad Campanile -
crucial points to take a 2-0 advantage. The biggest was a deuce point: Granger
whacked a crisp inside-out forehand for a winner, giving him another break
point. Granger converted and proceeded to win four more games in a row.

The first set of the all-Warren doubles final was also highly competitive.
Desai/Matheny played fearlessly against the team's top duo, with Matheny
cracking swift serves and Desai punching finishing volleys.

"They played well ... very well," said Nikola Trukov, following Trukov/Seiler's
7-6 (3), 6-2 victory. "The rain delay (at 3-3 of the first set) helped. On the
way to (Lake Bluff), I was able to listen to music, calm down."

Added Seiler: "We like tie-breakers. It's one of our strengths, the way we play
them. Some doubles teams get tense in tie-breakers. Nervous. We don't. We enter
tie-breakers saying, 'Let's go; let's play our game.' "

Grant's Battis and Starkey each advanced to state for the first time after
beating Lakes' Joe Ruskin/Anthony Szuhay 6-1, 6-1 in a doubles quarterfinal on
Friday. The pair of Bulldogs (18-6) fell 7-6 (1), 6-0 to McHenry's Dave
Robinson/Jake Romme in the match for third-place on Saturday.

Starkey likes to snap high kick serves.

Battis, from the net, likes to pounce on frail service returns.

"I encouraged them, right after our season last year, to play together in summer
and winter tournaments," said Grant coach Curt Sheets. "And they did that. They
got to know the other's game really well."

Warren coach Greg Cohen got his Blue Devils together on Tuesday and, in lieu of
a pep talk, reminded them of their schedule's degree of difficulty this spring.

It was Rock-of-Gibraltar hard.

"I asked them to trust that they had faced some incredibly tough opponents all
season," said Cohen. "We, as coaches, did that on purpose to get our kids as
ready as possible for the postseason. You have to play the best in order to get
to that next level, and our kids did that.

"I'm proud, very proud. The kids worked hard, and they're playing their best
tennis when it really matters."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              July 9, 2004 Friday

Thanks to those who support tennis clinic

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 204 words


On behalf of the Bloomington-Normal Tennis Association, I partner with HEROH
Sports University to host a free tennis clinic for youths in the
Bloomington-Normal area. Many of these youths would not have the opportunity to
gain exposure to tennis without this clinic, due to their economic disadvantage.

Heading into the third summer of hosting this clinic, the BNTA has been
fortunate to receive donations from a variety of sources. This letter is in
recognition and appreciation of those sources:

* Chris Hoover, Illinois State University women's tennis coach, donated tennis
clothing.

* Greg Kennett, ISU men's tennis coach, donated 25 new Wilson tennis racquets.

* Evergreen Racquet Club has donated court time, racquets and club member
volunteer time.

On behalf of the Bloomington-Normal Tennis Association, I am so thankful for the
community generosity our organization has experienced thus far in trying to grow
the game of tennis through this free tennis clinic. The momentum behind this
clinic continues to grow due to the outpouring of support we have been
receiving.

This year's BNTA/HEROH Sports University tennis clinic will be hosted at
Evergreen Racquet Club July 12-15 from 6 to 8 p.m.

Amy O'Connor

Bloomington

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   TELEGRAPH

                             October 2, 1987 Friday

FBI GRABS 3 AUSSIES 'IN CAR RACKET'

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: CRIMEEN B

LENGTH: 291 words


FBI GRABS 3 AUSSIES "IN CAR RACKET' From BOB CRIMEEN in Los Angeles Three
Melbourne men allegedly involved in a big-money luxury stolen cars importation
racket have been arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation undercover agents
in Las Vegas.

David Prewett, 43, Stephen Stewart, 32, and Saverio Cerra, 28, are being held in
Clark County Detention Centre, Las Vegas.

They are charged with conspiracy to transport stolen motor vehicles from the
United States to Australia.

Mr James Sterrett, a FBI agent in Las Vegas, said last night the racket involved
expensive cars such as Mercedes, Jaguars, BMWs and Cadillacs.

Mr Sterrett also revealed that the investigation into the stolen car scheme was
continuing.

""We are identifying other suspects and whether they planned, or did ship
vehicles out of the country," he said.

""I gather there's someone on the receiving end in Australia."

Mr Sterrett said that if Prewett, Stewart and Cerra were convicted, they faced a
possible five years' jail and a maximum fine of $10,000.

The Australians were arrested at McCarran Airport, in Las Vegas, on the evening
of September 21 after having flown to Nevada from Los Angeles.

The FBI had set an elaborate trap and Prewett, Stewart and Cerra walked right
into it.

""They flew in here to meet with an undercover FBI agent," Mr Sterrett said.

""They were to meet him to negotiate for several stolen cars which were to be
shipped the following week to Australia."

Mr Sterrett said another party had put Prewett, Stewart and Cerra in touch with
the undercover agent, who told them he could obtain a lot of expensive cars in
Las Vegas.

""Most of the cars stolen in Las Vegas are owned by people who come in from out
of state," he added.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: TEL

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          September 20, 1998, Sunday,

TEAM OF MAINE SENIORS GOES COAST-TO-COAST SEEKING NATIONAL TITLE

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. 5D, ON TENNIS

LENGTH: 650 words


When Maine's entry in the USTA senior 3.0 championships begins its competition
next month, it will be in a flight of coastally diverse opponents.

Captain George Jones says his squad, dubbed Cirque du Tennis, will be playing in
a flight against teams from northern California, southern California and the
Caribbean.

''If the USTA plan of matching equal opponents works out, we should be very
competitive,'' said Jones, who lives in Boothbay Harbor.

''Our team has been together for about four years. At one point we were at the
3.5 level, but we've been knocked down to 3.0 - and we've had success here.''

Jones' team won the sectional championship recently with wins over eastern
Massachusetts and Connecticut. The national tournament is scheduled Oct. 23-25
in Tucson, Ariz.

There will be teams from 16 other regions in the national event. If Maine wins
its four-team ''coastal flight,'' it would enter a semifinal with three other
flight winners.

Maine has never won a USTA national event, though two other teams are playing
for titles this year: Teresa Duhamel's 3.5 women from the Portland area and Ann
Deming's 4.0 senior women's squad, also from the Portland area.

In senior play, a team is composed of three doubles squads. Jones said the
likely lineup will be as follows: No. 1 doubles, Murray Keene and Robert
Scagliotti, both of Boothbay Harbor; Jones and Arthur Dexter of Edgecomb; and
Robert Ehrenfeld of New Harbor and Michael Westcott of Damariscotta.

Also on the team are Daniel Siegel of Cushing and Grant Wheeler of New Harbor.

NOTES: The Racket and Fitness Club of Portland will be celebrating its 25th year
of operation Sept. 26-27.

Club officials said men's and women's doubles championships will be held. In
addition, tournaments in racquetball and walleyball will take place.

Because the club does not require private memberships, the events are open to
the public. Devi Maganti, veteran tennis professional who recently took over as
program director at the facility, is the organizer.

Here are three of my most vivid memories from that club in the past 25 years:

1978 - Bobby Riggs comes to the Racket.

Two decades ago Riggs came to town as part of a ''fun event'' to promote a
super-seniors tournament the following month in North Conway, N.H.

He had lost to Billie Jean King five years earlier, but was still a popular
personality.

Several members of the media were invited to play a few games against him. When
I played him, I found his racket control to be unusually good. He was never out
of position. And he hit an assortment of side spins I hadn't seen before - or
since.

1995 - Brian Patterson smokes the field.

Falmouth's Patterson was ranked in the top 10 nationally when he played the
scholastic singles championship final here against Andy Brenner.

Patterson won 6-0, 6-0 in an awesome display of power. The triumph didn't do
justice to Brenner, because the talented player from Yarmouth had just completed
a sensational three-set semifinal victory.

1998 - New England district championships are held at the Racket and other
venues.

Close to 600 USTA players came to the Portland area for district championships
in early August. It was a testament to how popular adult team tennis has become
- and how engaging the game can be when fun and camaraderie are priorities.

The Racket was a key hosting site, and managers were even barbecuing in the
parking lot to provide food for the troops.

Perhaps the most inspiring match I saw was that of a Vermonter who was five
months pregnant playing doubles in the 3.5 division

She was earnest and competitive, and made no excuses when she couldn't get to a
ball. Certainly she was the hardest-working player in the building.

When she won in a third-set tiebreaker, she got one of the biggest rounds of
applause I have heard in the Racket's second-floor viewing area.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Dyke Hendrickson, a former sports writer for The Portland Newspapers, is
an avid tennis player.

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                           Southern Village Club LLC

                              601 Brookgreen Drive
                             Chapel Hill,  NC 27516
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (919) 969-8442
URL: www.southernvillageclub.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Southern Village Racquet and Swim Club Pro Shop is one of the Triangle area's
largest Wilson dealers. We offer a wide range of products including racquets,
string, grips, bags, sunglasses, and court equipment.  Our tennis professionals
are available to help you with all decisions concerning your equipment needs. We
have a large range of "demo" racquets for customers to test out. These racquets
can be checked out with the Pro Shop attendant for $3 per day. If after trying
the racquet, you choose to buy a frame from our Pro Shop, we will deduct the
total sum of your demo fees from your new racquet purchase. Racquet stringing is
also available with an extensive range of Wilson strings. If we do not carry a
specific item that you are looking for, we would be happy to special order it
for you.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday

Dayton Racquet Club unveils 'Vino Vista' room's possibilities;
Members not only can store wine, but host dinners

BYLINE: By Mark Fisher Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 300 words


DAYTON - It started out as a storage room - with a spectacular view.

Then, the folks who run the Dayton Racquet Club got to thinking.

"We really didn't have much on this side of the club, and we wanted to take
advantage of the space," said Kevin Round, the club's general manager.

And valuable space it is. On the 29th floor of Dayton's tallest building, the
Kettering Tower, the room boasts breathtaking views through the floor-to-ceiling
glass window panels of north Dayton and beyond.

The club surveyed its members and found at least 20 were interested in renting a
wine storage locker in a temperature-controlled, humidified cellar-in-the-sky.
That was the support club officials needed to build the Vino Vista wine room
where club members could not only store wine, but have a private dinner for two
or 10, Round said. The club also stores its own wines - about 1,200 bottles - in
the custom-designed, stainedredwood wine racks that line three of the room's
walls.

The Racquet Club - which boasts many of the city's business leaders among its
members - has prepared a special multicourse wine-pairing menu available in the
room, matching, for example, a lamb chop and mushroom ragout with pinot noir,
and filet mignon and seared foie gras with cabernet sauvignon.

Workers put the finishing touches to the new wine room at the end of September,
and the response "has been favorable," Round said. Members already have
scheduled several dinners in the Vino Vista room, including wedding
anniversaries and other special occasions.

Racquet Club member and local attorney Bruce Nicholson said the new wine room
"is marvelous for those of us who love wine." Nicholson said he and his wife,
Tina, plan on reserving the wine room for family events and "for nice relaxing
dinners with our wine-tasting friends."

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Dayton Racquet Club recently opened its Vino Vista wine room in
which members can store wine and host dinners. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            February 26 1988, Friday

Rackets: Experience of Boone may show in final

BYLINE: From WILLIAM STEPHENS

SECTION: Issue 63013.

LENGTH: 201 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


The decision by John Prenn not to defend his world title, the first leg of which
takes place here tomorrow afternoon, brings together James Male, aged 23, who
was an automatic entry as the British Open champion, and William Boone, the
amateur champion, aged 37, who won an eliminator by defeating Neil Smith, the
professional champion.

Male has never experienced the pressure of a world championship and is new to
the venue, The Racquet Club of Chicago. However he is familiar with the
surroundings of the Mid-West. After leaving Radley College Male took the senior
year of the High School curriculum at the Seven Hills School in Cincinnati, Ohio
and graduated.


Boone was world rackets champion from 1984 until 1986 and has played three times
at Chicago - winning the US Open singles here in 1986. His family have long
taken world championships in their stride. Boone's sister, Elizabeth Purbrick
was a member of the British three-day eventing team at the world championships
in Lexington, Kentucky, in 1978.

The match will be played on the East Court over the best of seven games under
the one-service rule. Male is practising with Wayne Davies, the US professional
rackets champion.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 3, 1992, Thursday

TENNIS:

BYLINE: Rod Carlyletennis

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 11

LENGTH: 313 words


You can't do much while ball is on the racket

Four-thousandths of a second is less time than it takes to blink an eye or for
the lights to come on when you flip a switch.

Scientific studies show that this is the amount of time a tennis ball stays on
your strings when you hit a shot. Knowing this may help you understand how
certain shots should be approached.

The first is the shot we discussed last week - the topspin. Many people try to
get topspin by rolling their wrist during the shot. Because of the short time
the ball is on the strings, it should be easy to understand this is not what
puts spin on the ball.

The ball hits the strings and is gone in less than a wink, leaving no time for
the wrist roll to spin the ball. The rolling of the wrist makes it difficult to
hit the ball consistently, and can cause a bad case of tennis elbow.

A second shot that this knowledge can help you understand is the volley. Most
pros advise you not to swing at volleys. One major reason is that when you
swing, your racket face is constantly changing direction. This makes it hard to
place the ball where you want to.

Since the ball is coming so much faster when you are at the net, you need to
determine where you want the ball to go and aim your racket face in that
direction so you will be in control of the shot. As soon as you see the ball
coming, set your racket face and block the ball, don't swing.

How do you get power in this manner? A firm wrist and a straight arm, the
incoming speed of the ball, and moving your feet toward the net will give you
all the power you need, and the flat, steady racket face will give you control
and direction.

Rod Carlyle is a local teaching professional at Old South Racquet Club near
Snellville. His column appears weekly in the Gwinnett Extra. If you have a
question, write 6455 Best Friend Road, Norcross, Ga. 30071.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922490211

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             June 28, 2002, Friday

SCHOOL AIDE HELD - NABBED IN N.J. SLAY OF EX-RACKETS KING

BYLINE: NEIL GRAVES and BRAD HUNTER

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 019

LENGTH: 496 words


A Manhattan teacher's aide was charged with murder yesterday in the brutal New
Jersey home-invasion slaying of a former Harlem numbers-racket kingpin.

Stanley Holmes, 26 - a one-time aide at the Mickey Mantle School for the
Disabled on the West Side - was arrested Wednesday in the murder of former
racketeer Nathan "Red" Johnson, 72, of North Woodland Street in Englewood.

Johnson, formerly of The Bronx, had told neighbors he was semi-retired from the
real-estate business.

But, according to NYPD records, Johnson was busted in 1974 for running a numbers
racket that did $20 million a year in business. At the time, cops listed him as
"one of the 100 major narcotics and gambling operators" in the Big Apple, with
more than 200 employees.

Johnson was busted again in the early 1980s and was sentenced to 27 months in
prison for evading $100,000 in taxes.

Holmes is the second suspect nabbed in Tuesday night's attack in the affluent
neighborhood four miles from the George Washington Bridge.

He was also charged with kidnapping, armed robbery and weapons possession.

Terrence Anthony Terrell, 33, of Baltimore, captured earlier, faces similar
charges.

A third suspect is on the loose, authorities said.

The hefty Holmes - who lives at 211 W. 149th St. in Washington Heights - showed
no emotion as the charges against him were read. Both suspects are being held on
$5 million bail.

According to the Board of Education, Holmes was hired as an aide at the Mickey
Mantle School - also known as PS 811 - in 1997 and was transferred last February
to PS 35 on West 52nd Street.

"He has been suspended without pay pending the outcome of the criminal
proceedings," said board spokesman Kevin Ortiz.

Bergen County Prosecutor John Molinelli said Holmes cleverly evaded cops who
pulled over the getaway van shortly after the shooting.

"Holmes stayed in the van when the other two scattered. He then got out of the
van and calmly walked away," Molinelli said.

Authorities believe Holmes' Big Apple buddies came and got him out of harm's way
after the murder. Sources said the same pals may have then turned around and
fingered their friend for the ghastly crime.

NYPD sources said Holmes was arrested last July 12 for operating a vehicle with
a suspended license and possession of a gravity knife. He was given a
conditional discharge.

Investigators say two men followed Johnson to his sprawling ranch home from his
New York office at about 11 p.m. Tuesday. The elderly racketeer and his wife,
Mary, were handcuffed as the thugs demanded their money.

But the planned heist went awry and Johnson was shot in the head, heart and
stomach with a 9 mm handgun.

Additional reporting by Murray Weiss


LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -HOME-INVASION SUSPECT: Stanley Holmes, in court yesterday, allegedly
killed a one-time Harlem numbers-racket honcho in his Englewood home.  AP

-FACING THE MUSIC: Suspect Terrence Anthony Terrell appears before the judge
yesterday.  AP

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            February 4, 1994, Friday

Atlanta Almanac FEB. 4, THE 35TH DAY OF 1994 METRO NEWS DIGEST DOT board avoids
airport flap

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 2

LENGTH: 745 words


ATLANTA: The State Transportation Board has abandoned plans to discuss a
recommendation that Gwinnett County be the home of a second Atlanta airport at
its meeting Feb. 17, Department of Transportation (DOT) officials said Thursday.
Transportation Commissioner Wayne Shackelford had said he would ask the board to
vote on the matter, although it would have been a formality, not required by
law. The commissioner decided to spare the board the issue after it generated
angry voter reaction in the county - including two hearings that drew several
thousand residents - which prompted Gov. Zell Miller to disown the plan.
Shackelford simply forwarded letters that officially handed the second airport
issue to Miller, Lt. Gov. Pierre Howard and House Speaker Tom Murphy, passing
along the results of the study that recommended Gwinnett as the site. A 1992 law
gives the three the power to appoint a state airport development authority that
could carry out construction of a second Atlanta airport. But in remarks earlier
this week, none seemed eager to activate such a panel anytime soon. The DOT will
take no further

COBB COUNTY: A 1,400-home development planned. Build a small city and the people
will come - that's what eight Atlanta builders are betting on for a 1,400-home
development in north Cobb County that was detailed on Thursday. The 600-acre
site will include a 110-acre wetlands park, an amphitheater, stores, walkways
and a community club. The project, expected to generate $ 270 million in
revenues over four years, was put together by Macauley Properties. Other
builders who have bought sites are Ashton Woods, Beazer Homes, Highland Homes,
John Wieland Homes, Peachtree Residential Properties and Torrey Homes. Prices on
the houses will range from about $ 110,000 to nearly $ 300,000. The land, known
as the Teem Estate, is north of Kennesaw. Steve Macauley, president of Macauley
Properties, said negotiations on the property went on for about a year. The sale
closed early this week. Land development will begin next week. The first
residents are likely to move into the development in spring 1995. The project
aims for "product diversification, price diversification and societal
diversification," said Macauley. "You'll get all levels of income
diversification, which I think is good."

PEACHTREE CITY: Council backs residents fighting stave off golf-cart tax.
Concern over Fayette County tax assessments on golf carts brought some 50
Peachtree City residents to a City Council meeting Thursday night. After 1 1/2
hours of listening to grievances and suggestions, the council unanimously passed
a resolution supporting the exemption of taxation on personally owned golf carts
and a formal request that the issue be presented to the General Assembly. Sen.
Arthur B. "Skin" Edge IV, who attended the meeting, noted that while there were
several options in dealing with the matter he felt that raising the level of
exemption for personal property (currently $ 500) was the most viable solution.
Golf cart owners are required to fill out the tax forms, which were mailed
recently and ask for an estimate of the fair market value of each vehicle. The
city has more than 40 miles of cart paths and its more than 2,500 privately
owned carts are used for transportation and recreation.

ATLANTA: Video game-tennis racket swap scheduled. Aiming a lob at couch
potatoes, a major tennis racket manufacturer is offering to swap a free racket
and can of balls for a used video game. The promotion is being launched in
Atlanta today by the Prince Sports Group in New Jersey. "We were thinking about
trading guns for tennis rackets but it didn't seem like a logical fit," said
Todd Woodward, public relations coordinator for Prince. Instead, Prince decided
to focus on video games in an effort to get kids away from the television and to
the nearest court - with a Prince racket in hand, if possible. In terms of
money, a parent could turn in a used video game and receive a racket worth a lot
more, Woodward said. "I'd much rather take a loss on rackets and get kids away
from the television set," Woodward said. "If it takes giving them free rackets
to get them to play the game of tennis, then it's a win-win situation . . . and
we get people out there with our rackets." The video game-tennis racket swap is
scheduled from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Friday at SportsTown, 6690 Roswell Road, and
continues 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday - or until 200 are traded.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940360082

GRAPHIC: Photo: Peachtree City Mayor Bob Lenox addresses residents fighting a
tax on golf carts. / Frank Niemeir / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            February 4, 1994, Friday

Atlanta Almanac FEB. 4, THE 35TH DAY OF 1994 METRO NEWS DIGEST DOT board avoids
airport flap

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 2

LENGTH: 745 words


ATLANTA: The State Transportation Board has abandoned plans to discuss a
recommendation that Gwinnett County be the home of a second Atlanta airport at
its meeting Feb. 17, Department of Transportation (DOT) officials said Thursday.
Transportation Commissioner Wayne Shackelford had said he would ask the board to
vote on the matter, although it would have been a formality, not required by
law. The commissioner decided to spare the board the issue after it generated
angry voter reaction in the county - including two hearings that drew several
thousand residents - which prompted Gov. Zell Miller to disown the plan.
Shackelford simply forwarded letters that officially handed the second airport
issue to Miller, Lt. Gov. Pierre Howard and House Speaker Tom Murphy, passing
along the results of the study that recommended Gwinnett as the site. A 1992 law
gives the three the power to appoint a state airport development authority that
could carry out construction of a second Atlanta airport. But in remarks earlier
this week, none seemed eager to activate such a panel anytime soon. The DOT will
take no further

COBB COUNTY: A 1,400-home development planned. Build a small city and the people
will come - that's what eight Atlanta builders are betting on for a 1,400-home
development in north Cobb County that was detailed on Thursday. The 600-acre
site will include a 110-acre wetlands park, an amphitheater, stores, walkways
and a community club. The project, expected to generate $ 270 million in
revenues over four years, was put together by Macauley Properties. Other
builders who have bought sites are Ashton Woods, Beazer Homes, Highland Homes,
John Wieland Homes, Peachtree Residential Properties and Torrey Homes. Prices on
the houses will range from about $ 110,000 to nearly $ 300,000. The land, known
as the Teem Estate, is north of Kennesaw. Steve Macauley, president of Macauley
Properties, said negotiations on the property went on for about a year. The sale
closed early this week. Land development will begin next week. The first
residents are likely to move into the development in spring 1995. The project
aims for "product diversification, price diversification and societal
diversification," said Macauley. "You'll get all levels of income
diversification, which I think is good."

PEACHTREE CITY: Council backs residents fighting stave off golf-cart tax.
Concerned over Fayette County tax assessments on golf carts brought some 50
Peachtree City residents to a City Council meeting Thursday night. After 1 1/2
hours of listening to grievances and suggestions, the council unanimously passed
a resolution supporting the exemption of taxation on personally owned golf carts
and a formal request that the issue be presented to the General Assembly. Sen.
Arthur B. "Skin" Edge IV, who attended the meeting, noted that while there were
several options in dealing with the matter he felt that raising the level of
exemption for personal property (currently $ 500) was the most viable solution.
Golf cart owners are required to fill out the tax forms, which were mailed
recently and ask for an estimate of the fair market value of each vehicle. The
city has more than 40 miles of cart paths and its more than 2,500 privately
owned carts are used for transportation and recreation.

ATLANTA: Video game-tennis racket swap scheduled. Aiming a lob at couch
potatoes, a major tennis racket manufacturer is offering to swap a free racket
and can of balls for a used video game. The promotion is being launched in
Atlanta today by the Prince Sports Group in New Jersey. "We were thinking about
trading guns for tennis rackets but it didn't seem like a logical fit," said
Todd Woodward, public relations coordinator for Prince. Instead, Prince decided
to focus on video games in an effort to get kids away from the television and to
the nearest court - with a Prince racket in hand, if possible. In terms of
money, a parent could turn in a used video game and receive a racket worth a lot
more, Woodward said. "I'd much rather take a loss on rackets and get kids away
from the television set," Woodward said. "If it takes giving them free rackets
to get them to play the game of tennis, then it's a win-win situation . . . and
we get people out there with our rackets." The video game-tennis racket swap is
scheduled from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Friday at SportsTown, 6690 Roswell Road, and
continues 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday - or until 200 are traded.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940360083

GRAPHIC: Photo: Peachtree City Mayor Bob Lenox addresses residents fighting a
tax on golf carts. / Frank Niemeir / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             June 26, 2000, Monday

WIMBLEDON 2000: SAMPRAS RACKET HARMONY A VITAL KEY TO SUCCESS;
  DEDICATION TO HIS ART HAS URGED ONE OF THE GAME'S GREATS TO EMPLOY AN EXPERT
TO FINE TUNE EQUIPMENT THAT REWARDS ONLY THOSE OF THE HIGHEST TALENT.

BYLINE: John Roberts

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 2615 words


THE MASTER was discussing the tools of his trade. "I tell you," Pete Sampras
said, "If I had a son who wanted to play, and I thought he'd want to take it
seriously, I'd find a wood racket."

Even if it means raiding a museum? "Absolutely. That's how you get to learn how
to hit the ball. You can't get away with bad technique with a wood racket."

John McEnroe was the last man to win the Wimbledon men's singles championship
with a wooden racket, in 1981, ending Bjorn Borg's run of five consecutive
titles. In 1983, the turbulent McEnroe became the first man to win the title
using a synthetic racket, overwhelming the New Zealander Chris Lewis.

In 1982, McEnroe lost in five sets in the final to his American compatriot Jimmy
Connors, famed for his fighting spirit, his match-winning return of serve and
his Wilson T2000 metal racket. In 1984, McEnroe's breathtaking artistry was so
attuned to modern racket technology that he had a sensation of time in
suspension as he flicked his wrist and tortured Connors in the final, winning
6-1, 6-1, 6-2.

While the racket revolution was taking shape, Sampras's potent style was being
groomed in California. He was weaned off the two-handed backhand and encouraged
to serve and volley in the manner of Rod Laver "and the other classy Aussies" he
watched on video tapes. "I learned to play with a wood racket," the 28-year-old
Sampras said. "It was a Wilson Jack Kramer Pro Staff, with the three diamonds
design."

Wimbledon saw the last of wooden rackets in 1987, since when bazookas have
dominated the game, often reducing points on the lawns in men's tennis to one,
two or three shots.

When Sampras reached the age of 14, it was decided that he should make use of
the new technology. The last thing he wanted was a bazooka, so care was taken to
create a customised Excalibur that satisfied him.

"Sampras is classic, all round, starting with his racket," Herb Branham
emphasised in his book on the champion, A Legend in the Works. "His Wilson Pro
Staff model, with its smaller than average mid-sized hitting surface, offers
perhaps the closest modern day approximation to the feel of the old wooden
rackets. It is an unforgiving piece with a limited sweet spot that rewards only
those with the talent to find it.

"Today's Pro Staff is the hi-tech, graphite-laden descendent of the original
Wilson racket by the same name, that was a stiffer than normal slice of white
ash conducive to control but lacking the power of, say, the more flexible Wilson
Jack Kramer of those days."

Whenever the speed of the game is mentioned, Sampras points out that he has used
the same type of racket throughout a 12-year professional career in which he has
won 12 Grand Slam singles titles, the first at the United States Open in 1990
and the latest at Wimbledon last July, his sixth there in seven years.

He usually travels with 12 rackets, and can tell at a touch if any are not match
fit, in which case they are handed back to Nate Ferguson, an American
compatriot. "Nate travels with me and basically takes care of my rackets,"
Sampras said. "He checks the grips, the weight, the balance, the lead tape on
the sides of the frame, the gut, the stringing, everything."

Ferguson, a racket-stringer based in Boca Raton, Florida, has customised
Sampras's rackets since 1990 and has been on the road with him since April 1998.
"Pete's not a guy who likes to travel with a big entourage," Ferguson said. "He
had Tim Gullikson, and that was it, and Tim died, and he had Paul (Annacone).
And eventually Pete hired a masseur. Then he realised that on occasions he
couldn't get his rackets strung the way he likes them. That's where I came in.

"I live for the rackets, but it was beyond my imagination that any one guy would
pick up the tab for me to travel all around the world and a salary for me to
live on. So I proposed that I would string for Pete and someone else, and Pete
said, 'I don't think that's going to work'. He wanted me for himself."

Sampras's rackets are tightly strung, although not to the extreme of Borg's,
which often went ping in the night when assembled in hotel rooms. "My stringing
is 34 or 35 kilos, depending on the surface," Sampras said. "For grass it might
go to 32 kilos, still very tight. Clay is about the same, It depends on the
balls and the conditions. In Hamburg I might have them really loose, whereas in
France, if it's a tad dry, I'll go tight." And for Wimbledon, with its four
seasons in a day? "I've always kept the stringing the same, I mean 31-32 kilos,
depending on the weather.

"How long the strings last can depend on the weather. If you have them tight and
it's dry they can go much quicker. Humid conditions will thicken up the gut and
they will last much longer. It's like a violin."

Ferguson, the instrument tuner, has seen his share of unusual incidents when the
maestro plays. "In the final of the Cincinnati tournament last summer," he
recalled, "Pete hit a first serve in the tie-breaker against Pat Rafter, and
when Pat went to swing at it, the ball went straight through Pat's strings to
the back of the court.

"And you know the flying leap he does, the sky slam, Air Sampras? He did that in
Hanover last year, caught the ball a little high on the cross- strings in a
match against Nicolas Kiefer, and it went straight through the string bed on his
own racket. Pete's broken tons of strings doing that. If he mis-hits, it's
danger time for the string bed.

"In the same Hanover tournament, versus Andre Agassi in the round-robin portion,
Pete did another sky slam and caught the ball a little high on his racket, and
the racket folded over at nine o'clock and four o'clock. But the ball went in,
and Pete won the point."

Ferguson also witnessed a rare display of temper. "In Stockholm in 1998, after
being on the road for seven consecutive weeks in his pursuit of becoming No 1
for the all-time record sixth year in a row, Pete was playing a round-robin
match against Jason Stoltenberg. Pete played a pretty bad tie-breaker in the
first set and lost it and smashed his racket on the ground.

"He's never done that, not that I've seen. I'm sure he's done it practice, but
when he's in front of people he doesn't show his emotions like that. He'd been
on the road for so long, he was under so much stress, he lost it and smashed the
racket, and it caved in like a V at the tip. I've got the racket. He gave it to
me."

Wimbledon has been the scene of some spectacular Sampras lobs. "In the Wimbledon
semi-final against Tim Henman in 1998, things were going badly for Pete in the
second set. Tim hit a first serve to the deuce side. Pete, off the middle, tried
to hit a backhand return, mis-hit it, and the racket folded over in the head.
Pete, still facing towards the middle of the court, and without even looking,
flipped the racket over his head into the crowd. I almost had a heart attack
when he did that.

"Last year at Wimbledon, Pete had developed a favourite racket out of the eight
rackets we were cycling each day. He decided when it got to the quarter -finals
(against Mark Philippoussis) that when he broke a string, which inevitably he
does, that he wanted to give the racket to me and have me go re-string it and
then bring it back to him during the match.

"The players' box on Centre Court at Wimbledon is not right down low next to the
surface. We were discussing how Pete wanted to get the racket to me, whether he
wanted to give it to a ball boy and have me run down behind the court. I said I
would be glad to do that, but it would take an extra three or four minutes to
run back and forth to there than it would to just wing it to me.

"So Pete breaks his string on his favourite racket and comes over. I get out of
the box. I'm right there, leaning over where the television announcers from NBC
sit, and Pete throws it to me, way too hard and way too high.

"I back up against the people on the row behind the players' box and realise
that the racket is going clear over my head. All I can do is lean back as far as
I can and just stick my left hand up in the air. As the racket flew over and
twisted, the very tip just happened to hit my hand, and I caught it. I almost
gave some poor lady a black eye or a bloody nose. While I was re-stringing the
racket I heard that Philippoussis had defaulted in the second set.

"After that experience, I worked it out so that the ball boys would take the
racket and hold it behind the screen there towards the locker room."

Ferguson tries to ensure that his client has confidence in all his rackets. "In
the old days, when I used to build Pete's rackets and just send them to him, I
would send him eight to 10 rackets and he would just play with three or four,
his favourites. He's learned that when he gets 12 new rackets he has to play
with them all equally in the beginning.

"He can't just play with three or four, because the leather will compress and
the grips will become smaller. And they'll always be his favourites. The more he
plays with them, the harder they get, the better they feel to him, the more they
conform to his hand. The ones he has barely played with, although they are
restrung all the time in case he needs them during the match, he would never
want to play with them."

Given that the racket feels comfortable, what about the ball? "The balls today
can be a little inconsistent," Sampras said. "Some are harder than others. Some
balls get fluffy, some don't. A lot depends on who you're playing, and the spin,
and whatever, but unfortunately balls are progressively becoming inconsistent.
It's like the balls at the US Open. Some are a little lop-sided.

"My coach Paul takes notes through every tournament I play about the weather,
the string tension and the ball so we will know how it was and how the balls
changed. But going to play the different tournaments, the balls change every
week. You just want to play with what you're going to play at the majors and get
used to the ball. If you get a good ball it helps you play good tennis."

Provided, that is, the equipment is in the right hands.

THE SAMPRAS RACKET

Make: Wilson Pro Staff 6.0 Original.

Length: Standard 27 inches.

Hitting area: 85 square inches.

Weight: 13.8 ounces.

String: Babalot VS gut.

String thickness: 1.22 millimetres or 1.27 millimetres.

String tension: 32 to 35 kilos according to his feel, his opponent, the weather,
the surface and the string gauge. Generally 34 kilos; however, at Wimbledon,
where he does not have the luxury of time to take a big swing and get a lot of
energy into the ball, the tension goes down to 31 kilos or 32 kilos.

Grip size: 4.5 inches circumference, with a Tourna Grip overwrap.

Extras: Babalot "String-a-ling" string savers and an average of 41 grams of lead
tape strategically placed under the butt cap, at the top of the handle
underneath the leather, at three o'clock and nine o'clock in the head, and under
the bumper guard at the tip.

Sampras's racket weighs more that 390 grams (a regular retail racket weighs 350
grams).

MEN'S SEEDS

1 PETE SAMPRAS

Born: Washington DC, 12 Aug 1971

Lives: Orlando, Florida

Height: 6ft 1in. Weight: 12st 2lb

Plays: Right-handed

Prize money: pounds 26.3m

Wimbledon record: 1st rnd (1989), 1, 2, SF, W, W, W, QF, W, W. W

"Pistol" Pete, the man to beat - otherwise he will win his seventh Wimbledon
singles championship in eight years and set a record of 13 Grand Slam singles
titles (he is on 12 with the Australian Roy Emerson). Injuries have punctuated
Sampras's season, but the spring tends to return to his legs on his favourite
lawns.

2 ANDRE AGASSI

Born: Las Vegas, 29 April 1970

Lives: Las Vegas

Height: 5ft 11in. Weight: 11st 8lb

Plays: Right-handed

Prize money: pounds 13.3m

Wimbledon record: 1st rnd (1987), -, -, -, QF, W, QF, 4, SF, 1, -, 2, F

Made an amazing transition in his career from Prodigal Son to Father Charisma.
Had the misfortune to catch Sampras in magical form in last year's final. One of
the fascinating things about Agassi is that he is capable of winning titles or
losing in early rounds without really surprising regular observers of the sport.
Long may he continue.

3 MAGNUS NORMAN

Born: Filipstad, Sweden, 30 May 1976

Lives: Monte Carlo

Height: 6ft 2in. Weight: 11st 7lb

Plays: Right-handed

Prize money: pounds 1.93m

Wimbledon record: 3rd rnd (1997), 1, 3

One of the players who have headed the ATP Champions' Race 2000, at the same
time making it clear that he considers himself well below the level of Sampras
or Agassi, let alone his magnificent Swedish predecessors, Borg, Wilander and
Edberg. A smart competitor who cannot be discounted on any surface.

4. GUSTAVO KUERTEN

Born: Florianopolis, Brazil, 10 Sept 1976

Lives: Florianopolis

Height: 6ft 3in. Weight: 11st 7lb

Plays: Right-handed

Prize Money: pounds 3.85m

Wimbledon record: 1st rnd (1997), 1, QF

The master of the clay-court, defying a back injury to win the French Open for a
second time. His deceptive laid-back style kids nobody who has felt the draught
from his ground strokes. At Wimbledon last year he opened with a win against
Britain's Chris Wilkinson and closed with defeat by Agassi in the
quarter-finals.

5 YEVGENY KAFELNIKOV

Born: Sochi, Russia, 18 Feb 1974

Lives: Monte Carlo

Height: 6ft 3in. Weight: 12st 8lb

Plays: Right-handed

Prize money: pounds 10.21m

Wimbledon record: 3rd rnd (1994), QF, 1, 4, 1, 3

Plays a lot and seems to epitomise the win some, lose some philosophy. Has the
talent to succeed on all surfaces, although the unreliable bounce of the ball on
grass sometimes frustrates his ground-stroke game. Injury forced him to retire
against Cedric Pioline in the third round last year with the score at one set
all, the Frenchman having won the opening game of the third set.

6 CEDRIC PIOLINE

Born: Neuilly/Seine, France, 15 June 1969

Lives: Geneva, Switzerland

Height: 6ft 2in. Weight: 12st 5lb

Plays: Right-handed

Prize money: pounds 4.16m

Wimbledon record: 2nd rnd (1991), 2, QF, 1, QF, 4, F, 1, QF

Pioline and his coach, Pierre Cherret, friends since teenage days, have had
therapy seasions with a sports psychologist to try and improve their working
relationship. Pioline says Cherret tends to be negative. On the evidence of
Pioline's performance against Tim Henman in the quarter-finals last year, you
can sympathise with the coach.

7 LLEYTON HEWITT

Born: Adelaide, Australia, 24 Feb 1981

Lives: Adelaide

Height: 5ft 11in. Weight: 10st 3lb

Plays: Right-handed

Prize money: pounds 748,223

Wimbledon record: 3rd rnd (1999)

This lithe, highly motivated all-court player defeated Pete Sampras in the final
of the Stella Artois Championship at Queen's Club eight days ago for his fourth
ATP Tour title of the year, underlining why he is regarded as the most exciting
youngster in the sport. Seeded to meet Sampras in the quarter-finals; not to be
missed if it comes off.

8 TIM HENMAN

Born: Oxford, 6 Sept 1974

Lives: London

Height: 6ft 1in. Weight: 11st 9lb

Plays: Right-handed

Prize money: pounds 3.44m

Wimbledon record: 1st rnd (1994), 2, QF, QF, SF, SF

Not the easiest of draws as Henman tries to go one better than the previous two
years and reach the final. Ivanisevic, Philippoussis, Agassi, and Sampras are
potential opponents for the British No 1, who has not won on grass since last
year's quarter-final. Lost to Sampras in the semi- finals, but if winning
Wimbledon were easy, there would be no reason for the Fred Perry statue.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pete Sampras and his racket-stringer, Nate Ferguson (left), admire the
instrument that the Wimbledon champion has used throughout his career; Allsport

                      Copyright 2000 Independent Print Ltd


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             July 17, 2016, Sunday

PUBLIC COURTS TENNIS;
Ronanda nabs 2 more titles before heading home

BYLINE: Terry Fletcher, For the Gazette-Mail

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P4C

LENGTH: 551 words


Tennis gave Nithi Ronanda a chance at a new life in a new country.

After 60 years, it is giving him the chance to go back home.

"It's time to go back to the old country, said a smiling Ronanda. "My mom is
still over there, my sister, my nieces. I want to see what it's like to live
over there. Now that I'm in retirement age, I want to retire overseas. It's a
big move.

The 65-year-old came to the United States from Thailand in 1970 to attend
college in California.

"I started playing [tennis] at 4 or 5 years old, said Ranonda. "My dad played
tennis, he taught me. I moved to California to live with my brother and I played
at Taft Junior College for two years before transferring to Cal-State
Bakersfield.

After 10 years on the coast, Ronanda moved to West Virginia after visiting his
sister and has been a staple in the Charleston tennis community ever since.

"I'm going to miss him because I won't have anyone to string my racquets, joked
Ranonda's doubles partner David Sadd. "He's been stringing my racquets for 20
years. But he's everybody's friend. I've been playing with him for 20 years.

Ranonda has been fixing racquets and tennis swings for over 30 years as an
instructor at the Charleston Tennis Club, and the Public Courts tournament gives
him a chance to see old friends and former students.

"It's the biggest tournament in Charleston, and you get to see friends you
haven't seen, said Ronanda. "I've also seen junior players who have gone on to
college and become professional business persons, sometimes they come back and
play.

Public Courts has also given Ranonda the chance to collect some new hardware.
While he doesn't know for sure, Ranonda estimates he has over 14 Public Courts
titles across various age divisions, and has played every year since 1980.

One of his latest victims was Sadd, who lost to Ranonda in the men's 55 singles
finals Saturday, 7-5, 6-2.

Sadd and Ranonda also competed for the men's 55 doubles titles, where they
defeated Robin Bailey and Vernon Elkins 6-4, 6-4 in Saturday's finals.

"We've played with each other and against each other for 20 years and he's just
a real gentleman, on and off the court, said Sadd. "I've always enjoyed playing
against him.

Aside from his prowess on the court, Ranonda is highly regarded for his friendly
nature off it. He lives just a few houses down from the Schoenbaum courts in
Kanawha City and often throws parties to kick off the event.

"I'd bring all the food and drink and everyone would come down to my house and
party, he said with a grin. "But once they started throwing the tailgate party,
people stopped coming over.

Ronanda said he plans to move within the year, but he plans to visit Charleston
every three or four years and tennis will continue to be a big part of his life.

"A few friends of mine are in the tennis circle in Thailand and have asked me to
teach some over there, he said.

Even though Ranonda plans to be back in Charleston every so often, Sadd lamented
that Charleston is losing a legend.

"He's been just a great asset, not just to the tennis community, but the
community in general, said Sadd. "The kids look up to him. The community is
really going to miss him when he leaves.

F. BRIAN FERGUSON / Gazette-Mail

Nithi Ronanda has won numerous titles at the Public Courts tournament while
playing every year since 1980.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               September 14, 1999

Development key for the county set

SECTION: Sport: Development, Pg.41

LENGTH: 214 words


COUNTY Development funding was high on the list of items discussed at the
Staffordshire Squash Rackets Association Annual General Meeting at Tollgate
Hotel and Leisure.

The debate followed the appointment of five full-time Squash Development
Officers (SDOs) by the Squash Rackets Association, in conjunction with Sport
England, to develop and implement five key programmes: Young People, Club
Development, Grading, County Association Development and Volunteers, Local
Authority/Sport Centre Development.

Gayle Kerrison, currently Sports Development Officer for Wolverhampton
Metropolitan Borough Council, will be the SDO responsible for Staffordshire and
five or six other countries in the Mid West Region.

Former Staffordshire under-16/19 Junior Open champion Natalie Grainger, from
Parktown, Johannesburg, who last week climbed to number four in the new world
rankings issued by the Women's International Squash Players Association, has
registered to play for England.

Tollgate face a tough away trip to Manchester Northern in their opening North
West Counties League Division One fixture next Tuesday (September 21).

Congleton also have an away date at Sale, while Crewe Vagrants, runners-up last
season to Blackpool's South Shore, entertain Warrington Sports Club.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 1999 The Sentinel


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Wilson Tennis Racquets

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.wilsontennisracquets.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Wilson tennis racquets are produced in varying weights, with the Wilson K
Factor K Zero the lightest of the K Factor line, ideal for providing more
topspin than other Wilson tennis racquets at a string tension of 18/55lbs and a
larger sweet spot for more powerful return. The Wilson K Factor K Zero Racquet
features the Wilson NXT OS string type, set at a tension of 16/60lbs. Modern
technology has resulted in many good tennis racquets while also having an impact
on the price. While you can purchase a beginners' racquet quite economically,
the more innovative graphite or composite racquets can be quite expensive. The
Wilson K Factor K Zero Racquet retails at around $300. If you follow the Amazon
link below, however, you will be able to purchase it at a discounted price of
$279 plus free stringing.  It was not only innovative materials which modernised
the humble tennis racquet. Lighter tennis racquets, weighing 0.283 to 0.312kg,
became popular. Adding to the popularity of the game of tennis was the increase
in head size to 0.071 square metres, providing a larger surface area for less
able and top players alike. The Wilson K Factor K Zero features a large 118
square inch head, with an overall length of 27.5 inches, enabling maximum
controllability and an amazing extent of power, totally appropriate for players
at the level of 4.5 NTRP Ýthe scale devised by US Tennis Association, based on
1.0 to 7.0, with 7.0 being professional competition standard¨.  The K factor in
Wilson tennis

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           January 18, 1997 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Speed kills Woody's hopes;
AUSTRALIAN OPEN

BYLINE: GERARD WRIGHT

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 736 words


In late 1993, Chang's serves began arriving a little quicker than before, and it
became more difficult to hit the ball past him. It was as though, at age 21, he
had grown an extra inch. In fact, his racquet had.

Applied to the laws of physics and Chang's maniacal work habits, the extra
length on his racquet made a noticeable difference, and not just in the fact
that in the three years after he began using it, his ranking improved from No 8
to No 2.

Although they would dispute it, the racquet companies copied Prince, the brand
Chang endorses, and the players copied Chang.

The result was that for eight matches and one set, Todd Woodbridge, among many
others, considered himself re-armed and more dangerous.

The one set was the Orlando-based Sydneysider's first in his third-round match
against unseeded American MaliVai Washington yesterday. Woodbridge won it 6-4.

Thereafter, the difference between No 33 in the world (Woodbridge) and No 23
(Washington) asserted itself ever more noticeably, with the American, a finalist
at Wimbledon last year, winning 4-6 6-2 6-3 6-1.

To Woodbridge, the difference between them was as plain as the service speedo
readings at opposite corners of the Melbourne Park Centre Court. Washington
began serving about 20km/h faster (190km/h average) after the first set;
Woodbridge had to drop by about as much after landing only 46 per cent of his
first serves in during the third set.

If he was disappointed, it might well have been with the warranty that came with
the new racquet he revealed he was using. The fine print would say that it
increases the capacity for improvement, which Woodbridge is now happy to
acknowledge.

"It didn't help my serve today, but it has been helping," he said. "You have to
move with the other guys. That is one of the ways I think I can add more to my
game."

Woodbridge's new racquet is an inch (2.54cm) longer than his previous model, at
28 inches.

At its annual general meeting last year, the game's governing body, the
International Tennis Federation, ruled that the length limit would be 29 inches
from January 1.

Woodbridge is not alone in deciding that, in this case, more is better.

"There are quite a few sneaking them in their bags," he said of the other
players. By his estimate, 20 of the top 70 in the world are now using the
extended racquets, among them Australian Open seeds Thomas Muster (5), Albert
Costa (10) and Felix Mantilla (14).

All of those named, including Woodbridge, are under 180cm tall. Asked to
consider the possibility of one of the host of 190cm-plus players using the
racquet, he replied: "Heaven help us."

But, having caught this particular bus, Woodbridge offered a word of warning for
those who chose to miss the ride.

"If the older guys don't get with it, they are going to be left behind prett
quickly," he said.

The attitude of those players might best be summed up by the victor yesterday.

Yes, Washington's racquest company, Yonex, had sent him an extended model to try
out. But no, "I was supposed to try it, but I haven't yet, so don't tell them. I
just haven't had the chance; yes, that's my excuse, I haven't had the chance to
try it yet."

The progress of the seeded players yesterday remained uneventful, with seventh
seed Thomas Enqvist's straight-sets dismissal of Sergi Bruguera, the dual French
Open champion from Spain, the most impressive.

Outside the seeds, the dark horse appears to be Andrei Medvedev, Ukranian-born
but self-proclaimed as Russian, whose third-round passage could not have been
more contrasting to his second. That was a five-set, 3hr40min marathon against
Germany's Michael Stich. This was a 6-1 6-1 6-0 sprint in 70 minutes against
Dennis van Scheppingen of the Netherlands, ranked No 109 in the world.

Like the controversial American Jeff Tarango - in attitude, if absolutely
nothing else - 24 hours before him, Andrei Medvedev is ready.

"Every time I step on the court, it doesn't matter who is on the other side,
they should know that they will have to struggle, they will have to lead,
whatever, but they will not have an easy match," he said.

PAGE 57: Roy Masters.

PAGE 37: The trials of Steffi.

CENTRE COURT SCHEDULE

From 10.45 am: 10-Albert Costa (Spain) v Scott Draper (Qld); Dominique Van Roost
(Belguim) v 2-Arantxa Sanchez Vicario (Spain); 11-Jim Courier (US) v Jeff
Tarango (US).

From 7pm: Barbara Schett (Austria) v 4-Martina Hingis (Switzerland); 1-Pete
Sampras (US) v Mark Woodforde (SA).

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Powerlines ... MaliVai Washington winds up to serve to Todd
Woodbridge at the Australian Open yesterday. Photograph by JACK ATLEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1997 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Club pro Hartley named boss of new tennis centre at Bear Mountain

BYLINE: Cleve Dheensaw, Times Colonist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 599 words


Russ Hartley, then tennis pro at the Racquet Club of Victoria for five years,
left after it went into receivership. His journey back to the Island now comes
full circle as he takes over today as tennis director of the fledgling Bear
Mountain Tennis Centre.

And with the sport riding the kind of boom across Canada that Harley couldn't
possibly have imagined back in the 1980s when he was at the Racquet Club.

"It's amazing to get a top-five player in the world like Milos [Raonic]. When
you also get a player on the women's side like Eugenie [Bouchard] at the same
time, it makes a huge impact in the country," said Hartley.

He said more than 100 people have so far signed up as founding members at Bear
Mountain.

"That's with only marketing a dream and an open patch of dirt," said Hartley,
59, who graduated from Mount Douglas Secondary.

Construction on the red-clay, eight-court facility begins in March and it is
scheduled to open in late April or early May. There will also be a
clubhouse/pavilion. The courts will be fully enclosed during winter months, with
removable bubbles, allowing for year-round play. It will be the only such
facility in Western Canada.

Hartley has been head pro at the Vancouver Lawn Tennis and Badminton Club since
1986 and three years before that at the Arbutus Club.

"I thought I would probably go the distance there [Vancouver Lawn and Tennis
Club,] but this opportunity came up," he said.

With the bonus of being on a surface that is the most democratic in tennis.

"Clay is the most common surface in the world, outside the west coast of North
America [neither Seattle nor Portland have clay courts]," added Hartley, adding
it is a boon for North American baby boomers.

"Clay is very forgiving on the body and has a longevity effect on the joints. It
is slower ball play than hardcourt, and makes for more extended rallies, and
that makes you actually think about your game and not just about banging the
ball. It rounds out your game. And it is a great surface on which to teach
juniors."

That latter point is key, said Hartley. Many of Canada's best young mountain
bikers and likely future Olympians are centralized at the national team training
centre on Bear Mountain. Hartley hopes to also produce many of the next
generation of Canadian tennis internationals out of Bear Mountain.

"We are definitely going to have a big push at the performance level," he said.

"The facility is being designed to add bleachers when needed to host tournaments
and we hope to start out with $25,000 to $50,000 ITF tournaments."

By comparison, the current annual women's ITF tournament at Panorama Rec Centre
is at the $10,000 level.

The Hartley family name is well-ingrained in Island sports. Russ's dad, the late
Gordon Hartley, was city tennis champion and a track and cross-country coach
whose athletes dominated in meets throughout Western Canada and the U.S. Pacific
Northwest.

"It's great to come home again," said Russ Hartley.

Landing Hartley is coup, according to Robert Bettauer, CEO of the Pacific
Institute for Sport Excellence: "Russ left Vancouver Lawn Tennis, which is one
of the top-three club jobs in the country."

Bettauer, the country's TV colour man for tennis on Sportsnet, will again
provide the analysis for Sportsnet's coverage beginning Friday of the
Canada-Britain World Group (top-16) first-round Davis Cup tie in Ottawa.

He said having clay courts at Bear Mountain provides a unique opportunity: "You
have to construct points on clay and not just slap them down. Almost all the
top-ranked players in the world learned their game on clay."
cdheensaw@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 12, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Sports of The Times;
Exit Miller, Racquet in Hand

BYLINE: Joseph Durso

SECTION: Section 1; Page 19, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 899 words


T he first thing Marvin Miller did when he retired from baseball last month was
to go out and buy a new tennis racquet. The second thing he did was to head for
the office, where for 17 years he has been restructuring the major leagues as
executive director of the Players Association.

Any day now, he will get out the new racquet and start batting balls around the
court three days a week. But, for the time being, he is still engrossed in
completing the transition of his office in stages to his successor, Ken Moffett,
the former Federal mediator.  And, by the time spring training opens next week,
the transition will be entering Phase Two: exit Miller as full-time boss, enter
Miller as full-time adviser and historian.

''Ken started on Jan. 3,'' Miller said the other day. ''But, all through
January, I've been there every day. Now, I'm digging out the files of 17 years,
and I'm on call. I'm available as a consultant.  But I'm leaving the
organization in good shape. And I'm in good shape. It's an ideal time to
leave.''

Good riddance, some club owners may feel, after suffering a 17-year losing
streak debating the issues with him. But don't think he plans to fade away, like
an old soldier.

He may have that new tennis racquet, and the apartment on the East Side of
Manhattan, where he lives with his wife, Terry, a retired clinical psychologist.
And he may finally have the chance to let somebody else do the arguing for 1,000
or so major league players.

But there are still grievances to be heard and lawsuits to be tried, everything
from television property rights to bubble-gum cards, and he will be involved in
those. Then, when things quiet down, maybe late in April, there is a book to be
written.

B y then, he will be 66 years old, and he will be busy again, putting some
English on the events he has shaped since the day in 1965 when a search
committee found him in Pittsburgh, an economist helping to run the steel
workers' union.

''It's possible we're entering a period of truce,'' he said, referring to his
battles with the club owners since that day. ''This time, I think even the
hard-liners have had enough.''

Don't think Marvin Miller is losing the hop on his rhetoric, either. Truce or
not, he added: ''I'm not complacent about the future. The owners are concerned
about salary levels, and I can understand that. But, in the last month or so,
they've attempted a new maneuver. We hear through the grapevine that 75 percent
of the clubs voted that no club can have more than a 60-40 ratio of equity to
debt.

''Think about that for a moment. They're saying that when you get to that point,
you have no more money to pay salaries. They're again flirting with the
antitrust law. In any other business, they'd go to jail for that.''

Club owners wince when they hear talk like that. But their wincing days aren't
over.  ''I'm still a member of the panel that reviews grievances under the Basic
Agreement,'' he said. ''So I'll continue representing the players on all pending
cases.

''Then, we have a TV litigation case pending, a very important matter, property
rights. I'm involved in giving and taking depositions. And I'll be a witness
when it gets to court, probably the leading witness for the players.''

Then there's the case against the bubble-gum company. ''That's right,
bubble-gum,'' he said. ''They sign up players in the minor leagues for five
years, but the contracts don't start till they reach the majors. The way they
renew the contracts, they never run out. So the players decided there was no
point in having a reserve clause for bubble-gum cards, either.''

Putting aside the battle of the bubble-gum cards, what was the most significant
thing he remembers in the 17 years?  ''No single incident,'' he said. ''The most
important thing was the growing maturity of player leadership. It almost came
through their reaction to a series of crises.

''In 1969, pensions. I recommended that they not sign contracts till the pension
issue was settled. We had a list of 500 players, including every star, and all
of them said they wouldn't sign until the pensions were settled. That was their
first collective action.

''In 1972, pensions again. The conventional wisdom was that the players would
not strike. If so, the strike would fold in two days.  On March 31, we had 48
player reps and alternates fly to Dallas. I had no idea what they were going to
do. They all spoke up at least once. Then they voted, 47 to none, with one
abstention, not to play.The next day, no exhibition games were played.

''They stayed out 13 days. That was the first time they walked off.  ''In 1976,
it was the reserve clause. The owners thought the players would fold. They
didn't. In 1981, the strike. The players stuck together that time, too.

''That's it: the significant thing was joint action. It didn't happen overnight.
It grew with success.''

S o did their salaries. Since 1976, when the players won the right to become
free agents, the average annual salary in the big leagues zoomed from $51,000 to
$241,000. This year, the average on the California Angels is $422,000; on the
Yankees, $411,000.

How about the book?  ''No villains,'' Marvin Miller said. ''Some comparisons
with basic industries in collective bargaining. Somewhat personalized, somewhat
political. No heroes, either. Except for the players as a group. It sounds a
little corny, I know.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Marvin Miller

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Strung a little tight in court of opinion

BYLINE: SOLANGE REYNER

SECTION: C; ARCHIVES; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 390 words

DATELINE: LONGBOAT KEY


LONGBOAT KEY

SARASOTA OPEN: Some fans turned off by antics of tennis players

Wayne Odesnik's big win over Cedrik-Marcel Stebe on Wednesday afternoon was
exciting and fun to watch.

It was also annoying for some.

"Why does he need a towel after every point," one spectator said. "He shouldn't
be mean to the ball boy," said another, after Odesnik barked for a ball in the
third set.

Pro tennis players can be peculiar in the way they behave on the court. Some yip
and yell and curse in other languages (such as Argentines Facundo Arguello and
Guido Pella), some throw rackets (Denys Molchanov of Ukraine) and some hit
themselves in the head with their rackets when they are frustrated (Stebe).

Odesnik likes to call for a towel after every point. He also checks the strings
on his racket after every point, often moving them around.

On Wednesday, he asked for new tennis balls twice and also re-gripped his racket
three times. "It was hot out there," said a hairy-faced Odesnik after his
impressive 6-3, 3-6, 6-4 second-round victory over Stebe at the $100,000
Sarasota Open. "I was sweating a lot so I had to re-grip."

Odesnik is also picky about other things. He says his schedule needs to be the
same every match day: up at 8 a.m., eat at 9 a.m. and hit at 11:30 a.m. if a
match is in the afternoon.

"It's all part of being a professional," Odesnik said. "It's really important
for me to control the things that I can control."

If his rackets aren't strung correctly he admits he gets annoyed -- "But you
have to try to adapt to the situation," he said.

Against Stebe, he used a stellar forehand and well placed shots to climb back
into the match. He was down, 3-2, in the deciding set but broke Stebe three
times to win it.

Other players who advanced Wednesday in singles were Molchanov and Pella.
Molchanov defeated Canadian Frank Dancevic, 7-5, 7-6 (7-2) and Pella defeated
China's Ze Zhang, 6-4, 2-6, 6-1.

Serbian Ilija Bozoljac teamed with Somdev Devvarman to win in doubles.

Bozoljac is considered a pest, too.

Apparently, he likes to bust chops. He told one ball boy Tuesday during his
singles match, "You have to anticipate" the play. Later, he asked the chair
umpire to tell his opponent to move more to the left during a serve.

After Bozoljac's match was over, a woman asked her friend "Who won?" The friend
replied, "The Serbian guy I don't like."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: American Wayne Odesnik returns a shot to Germany's Cedrik-Marcel Stebe
on Wednesday during the third day of the Sarasota Open at the Longboat Key Club
and Resort. STAFF PHOTO / ELAINE LITHERLAND Wayne Odesnik returns a shot to
Cedrik-Marcel Stebe during their match Wednesday at the Sarasota Open. STAFF
PHOTO / ELAINE LITHERLAND

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 25, 1992, Thursday, City Edition

Team champs moving on to regionals

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: CITY TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 665 words



Ten champions have been named in the U.S. Tennis Association adult league after
hundreds of local matches among 38 women's and 61 men's teams since February.
One more winner will  be determined this weekend.

    These 11 champions will advance to regional playoffs July 24-26 at
Hillsborough Community College in Tampa among teams from areas surrounding
Tampa, Sarasota and Naples. That winner will advance to sectional play in
August. Seventeen sectional winners qualify for the national championships.

     About 1,000 adults participated in Pinellas' USTA adult league this year.
Divisions are determined by the National Tennis Rating Program, a USTA system
designed to place players in competitive divisions ranging from 3.0 to open.

     Of the 10 local champions, two women's teams and three men's were unbeaten
in the regular season. The women's teams were Seminole Lake 4.0 and McMullen
4.5. The McMullen team, captained by league coordinator Lauren Blow, advanced to
the nationals in 1990.

     "We basically have the same team as when we went to nationals," said Blow,
who plays singles. "We lost a couple of players and added a few, so we're now
determining our best strength in doubles.  Marlene Flament and Janet Corrado
have played the majority of our singles."

     Unbeaten in the men's division were St. Pete Tennis Center's 5.0, Lakewood
Country Club's open, and East Lake Woodland's 3.5 teams.

     In the men's 3.5 division, 15 teams were divided into north, middle and
south sections. Section winners entered a playoff, with East Lake (north
champion) defeating Bardmoor (south) and Feather Sound (middle) for the 3.5
title.

     "We have great singles players," said Peter Laker, captain of the East Lake
team. "That gives us tremendous strength. And, our three doubles teams are all
the same any one team could beat the others on a given day."

     In other playoff action, River Crossing's 3.5 women's team defeated both
Countryside Country Club and the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg to earn the
right to compete in the regional tournament. In other women's competition,
Clearwater's Royal Racquet Club 5.0 and Tennis Connection 3.0 teams placed first
in  their respective divisions.

     The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg's 4.5 team defeated Royal Racquet twice
in playoff action to represent that division at regionals. Feather Sound won the
men's 3.0 title.

     This weekend will determine the top 4.0 men's team. McMullen has three team
wins, two against River Crossing and one over the Racquet Club of St.
Petersburg. Racquet Club is to play both teams this weekend. A McMullen win will
clinch the division title for them.

     The Adult Tennis League is a nationwide program played in each of 17
sections within the USTA structure. Last year, a men's team from McMullen and
two women's teams from Countryside advanced to the national championships.
    Largo winners: Gene Crouse and Ann Cunnane won the men's and women's
divisions in this month's mixed doubles round robin at the Bayhead Complex.
Morris Horne and Fred Hesse were second and third, as were Mary Jane Evertz and
Erika Boardman.

    Men's doubles: Today is the deadline to register for a men's doubles
tournament at the Kent Jewish Community Center in Clearwater. Two divisions,
3.5-and-below NTRP and 4.0-and-above NTRP, are offered. Call 736-1494.

    Largo offers "men's night out doubles" Thursdays from 7-9 p.m. at the
Bayhead Complex. Sign up with a partner. Call 587-6721.

    Manuel at Belleview Mido: Cricket Manuel of Belleair is teaching at the
Belleview Mido Resort Hotel in Belleair. Manuel was No. 1 in the state in the
open division in 1986 and won the Reebok Teaching Professional Tournament the
same year. The Clearwater High graduate won the Clearwater Tennis Championship
six times from 1981-1987 and was ranked No. 128 in the world in 1983. Call
442-4629.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CLEARWATER
TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               August 2, 2004 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

Cool things to buy

SECTION: HEALTH & FITNESS; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 154 words


Tennis outfit

This Nike Dryfit tennis top and skort will keep you dry and looking good on hot
summer days when you play tennis outdoors.

$40 top, $50 skorts, Galyan's, West County Center

Tennis racquet

Play like a pro with the same kind of racquet Roger Federer used to win
Wimbledon. The nCode racquet is twice as strong, twice as stable and up to 22
percent more powerful than ordinary racquets.

$199.99, The Tennis Place, 1173 Colonnade Center, Des Peres

Magnetic therapy

This brace fits over the elbow to help treat tennis elbow. It relieves pain,
speeds healing and reduces swelling.

$16, Fitness & Rehab Products, 140 Four Seasons Shopping Center, Chesterfield

Headband

Keep the sweat off your face when you play with this U.S. Open headband by
Wilson.

$5.95, The Tennis Place

Racquet bag

Keep your racquet safe in this durable bag by Prince.

$39.95, The Tennis Place

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: photo; (1) Photo - Tennis outfit (2) Photo - Tennis Racquet (3) Photo -
Magnetic Therapy (4) Photo - Headband (5) Photo - Racquet bag

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 10, 2013 Friday

Inside the Dayton Racquet Club;
Venue 'squashing' misconceptions, seeks new members.;
DINING OUT

BYLINE: ByAmelia Robinson

SECTION: ACTIVE DAYTON; Pg. AC2

LENGTH: 695 words


The Dayton Racquet Club a more formal dining room and a lounge, which is more
laid back.

On the 29th floor of the city's tallest building, the Dayton Racquet Club is
thriving despite at least two misconceptions.

The first: it is primarily a place to play squash (only one of two original
racquet courts remain).

The second: the club is for stuffy, old dudes who live in suits and ties.

Kevin Round, general manager of the private club located on the highest floor of
Kettering Tower at 40 N. Main St., said the truth is the Racquet Club has a
diverse membership roster as well as amenities and activities that appeal to a
range of tastes - wine dinners, charity balls, golf outings, seafood buffets,
etc.

"It is accessible and it is affordable," Round said. "The perception is that it
is expensive and exclusive."

While several well-established Dayton area executives, politicians and business
leaders are counted among the club's 1,100 members (spouses are counted on the
same membership), the club has taken steps in recent years to attract younger
members, including those who are early in their careers.

"It is really connecting leaders in the community, current and future," Round
said of the club.

Round noted downtown residents, theatergoers and those in the arts community are
attracted to the club.

Labeled a sports and business club by parent company ClubCorp., Racquet Club
partnered with the young professionals organization Generation Dayton in 2011 to
offer reduced prices for those under age 30 and age 40.

The discount has since been offered to other area groups. The basic membership,
including all-access to the club's bar restaurant and 28th floor exercise
facility, normally starts at $144 a month.

A full membership is $60 a month for those younger than age 30 and $90 for those
younger than age 40.

Membership director Lori Luebben said the price structure is an attempt to
attract new members.

"We needed to create a way to get young executives up here," she said, noting
that membership rolls have increased since the partnership with Generation
Dayton began.

The club's 29 Stories Lounge completed in 2011 addresses members request for a
more causal setting to take clients and for after-work socializing and
networking.

Such a bar has been suggested since shortly after the club - the brainchild of
Virginia Kettering - opened in 1971.

"It was her dream to have a (private) club on the top of the tower," Luebben
said. The Dayton Racquet Club has 16 years remaining on its lease with current
Kettering Tower owner Tower Partners LLC.

While the club's dining room remains more formal - no shorts allowed - the
lounge is more laid back and has a special bar menu.

One of the clubs two squash courts was transformed into the bar overlooking
downtown. Wood from the court was used to give the bar top its unique look.

Luebben said dining is a key element to the club. In addition to special events,
the club's wine lockers, use of free meeting spaces and the recently renovated
Patterson Ball Room, members have access to a $5 breakfast buffet as well as
lunch and dinners, depending on their memberships.

Lunch items range from a Spinach Salad for $11 to a Lobster Mac-N-Cheese for
$20. On a recent visit, I tried the DRC meatloaf, which comes with mashed
potatoes, haricots vert (green beans) and port mushroom demi-glace.

Dinner ranges from the vegetable kebab - marinated mushroom, cherry tomato,
onion and pepper skewers with herbed basmati rice and grilled asparagus - for
$18 to the filet mignon served with white truffle mashed potatoes and asparagus
for $42.

Menus change seasonally and Executive Chef Jack Skilliter said he strives to
serve club favorites, cater to new dietary needs and keep the menu interesting,
fresh and current.

Recent specials have included all-you-can-eat chicken wings for March Madness,
braised short ribs and bouillabaisse (a seafood soup).

Beef liver and onion was the lunch special on my recent visit.

Skilliter said the club's members are a priority, and he wants everything to be
to their liking.

"We really want to make sure people know this is their club," he said.

Contact this reporterat 937-225-2384 oremailAmelia. Robinson@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            February 28, 2003 Friday

PGTA clinches despite loss

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 806 words


It's USA League Tennis playoff season, and Pasco players are in the thick of the
action.

Last week, the Phil Green Tennis Academy men's 3.5 team clinched the super
senior North division despite a 2-1 loss to Shipwatch Tennis Club in its final
match.

"To determine the division winner, it came down to which team had lost the
fewest sets," PGTA captain Joe Gari said.

"We had the same win-loss record at 5-1, having beaten them 2-1 the first time
we played. We had both won 14 individual positions and lost four positions. The
difference was that we had lost just 10 sets and Shipwatch lost 11. You can't
get much closer than that."

In the Shipwatch loss, Willie Coquelet and Carlo Mugavero scored PGTA's point in
the No. 3 spot.

In PGTA's win over Shipwatch, Coquelet won in No. 2 with Bob Anderson, as did
Richard Hough and Glenn Merrer in No. 3.

With the North division title secured, PGTA must wait for the South division to
finish next month. The playoff winner will go to the state tournament.

The PGTA team is Florida's defending champion. Completing the 60-and-over team
are Ken Hogle and Bill Schieman.

"I would say that depth has been the greatest factor in our success," Schieman
said. "It's amazing, but every year Joe comes up with 10 or 12 guys to provide
excellent depth to the team. He gets new players, like Carlo, that add to that
depth.

"I've played with different partners during the course of the super senior
season and think it's fun to change. I'm pretty reliable, don't make too many
unforced errors and can adjust to different partners."

Schieman, Mugavero, Merrer, Hogle and Hough also play on Gari's PGTA senior 3.5
team for those over 50. That team has captured the North division and began its
playoff last week with Central winner McMullen in Clearwater and South champion
the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg. Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club is the
wild-card team in the round-robin playoff format.

Last week, Schieman paired with Ron Lynn to beat McMullen's No. 1 team and Gari
played with Mugavero to win in straight sets in No. 3. PGTA defeated McMullen
2-1 and the Racquet Club beat Bardmoor 3-0.

Sunday, PGTA plays the Racquet Club and Bardmoor is at McMullen.

"I think our teams this year may be a little bit stronger than last year,"
Merrer said. "The Racquet Club is always tough and has so much depth. It will be
tough, but it will be fun. Even at our age, we like to be competitive, and we
always try to be."

Rounding out the PGTA senior team are David Parrish, Dick Lashley, Ed McGinley
and David Wisotsky.

The final playoff round is March 9 with PGTA facing Bardmoor and the Racquet
Club playing McMullen. The team with the best record advances to the state
tournament in May.

MORE PLAYOFF ACTION: In the senior men's second week of 4.0 playoff action,
Seminole Lakes Tennis Center rebounded from its loss last week to beat the Vinoy
3-0, and McMullen defeated East Lake Woodlands.

Sunday is the final round with Seminole (1-1) hosting East Lake (1-1) and
McMullen (2-0) at the Vinoy (0-2).

+ Treasure Bay won a one-match playoff 2-1 over the Racquet Club of St.
Petersburg for the senior women's 4.0 title.

OTHER LEAGUE UPDATES: In Super Senior women's 3.5 action, Westin Innisbrook
Resort won its sixth consecutive match 3-0 over Bardmoor. Nancy Kraemer and
Maureen Sternberg in No. 1 and captain Phyllis Gary and Diane Galemmo in No. 2
won in straight sets. Bonny Boosales and Sue Luidens won in No. 3 by default.
League action continues through March 17.

+ Innisbrook completed its super senior men's 3.5 season with a 3-0 win over
Royal Racquet Club. Joe Bailey and Les Drew in No. 1 and Ellis Gant and Jerry
McDowell in No. 3 won in straight sets. Joe Robillard and captain Dick Willets
scored a three-set win in No. 2. Innisbrook is 2-4.

+ The Bardmoor 7.5 mixed team, led by captain Bob Hagerman, needed two third-set
tiebreakers to beat a second Bardmoor squad 2-1. In 7.5 senior mixed
competition, Bardmoor with John Beda as captain won its fifth match to extend
its lead in the five-team league. Mixed doubles competition concludes March 9.

NET SHOTS: Area players that competed in U.S. National Open Championships this
month were Yumi Hasegawa in the girls 18 and under; Sukhwa Young in boys 18;
Paul Polarczyk 16; and Alexis Kreplick and Lindsay Gray 14. Hasegawa reached the
quarterfinal round of singles, No. 1 Young played to the semifinal, Gray was the
No. 7 seed and Kreplick was the No. 5.

COMING UP: The Seminole Winter Classic, for junior players, is March 1-3 at the
Seminole Lakes Tennis Center. Call Krishnan Anandan at (727) 394-1733. The
Temple Terrace Junior Championships are March 8-10. Call Mariani at (813)
989-7178. The George Pero Memorial Family Classic is March 15-17 at Cheval
Country Club. Call Allegra Campos at (813) 948-2282.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Philadelphia Daily News

                             April 28, 2006 Friday

Welcome to the Numbers Racket, a daily look at the numerals that define us:

BYLINE: 1: Candidate left for the open job of president of Temple University.
The others? They could have gone anywhere...but they went somewhere else.

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 528 words


NUMBERS RACKET

Welcome to the Numbers Racket, a daily look at the numerals that define us:

1: Candidate left for the open job of president of Temple University. The
others? They could have gone anywhere... but they went somewhere else.

8,400,000,000: Dollars of quarterly profit for Exxon-Mobil Corp., its largest
ever. That is one fat, bloated tiger in your tank.

711: Either a popular convenience store or the career number of home runs for
Barry Bonds. But the convenience store doesn't sell a Slurpee called "The
Clear."

14: Strikeouts in first Triple-A game for Phillies' phenom prospect Cole Hamels.
So how are they going to screw this one up?

400: Dollars in fines for Bucks County man who delivered Domino's Pizzas and
corpses to funeral homes out of the same 1993 Buick. That's legal, apparently,
but the guy had a suspended license.

AND IN IRAQ...

4: Number of military deaths yesterday that were announced by the Department of
Defense.

A 19-year-old Marine from New Bedford, Mass., was one of those killed in Iraq
this week.

A family member told the local NBC affiliate that Marine Lance Cpl. Michael Ford
was killed Wednesday when a roadside bomb exploded near his tank.

"You hope for the best, but you just have to sit and wait," said Michael's
grandfather John Ford. "And we didn't have to wait long."

2,395: Number of U.S. troops who have died in Iraq since combat began three
years ago, through yesterday, according to icasualties.org.

TheDaily News honors members of the armed services who have made the ultimate
sacrifice during the war in Iraq. Their deaths will not be forgotten.

NUMBERS RACKET

Welcome to the Numbers Racket, a daily look at the numerals that define us:

1: Candidate left for the open job of president of Temple University. The
others? They could have gone anywhere... but they went somewhere else.

8,400,000,000: Dollars of quarterly profit for Exxon-Mobil Corp., its largest
ever. That is one fat, bloated tiger in your tank.

711: Either a popular convenience store or the career number of home runs for
Barry Bonds. But the convenience store doesn't sell a Slurpee called "The
Clear."

14: Strikeouts in first Triple-A game for Phillies' phenom prospect Cole Hamels.
So how are they going to screw this one up?

400: Dollars in fines for Bucks County man who delivered Domino's Pizzas and
corpses to funeral homes out of the same 1993 Buick. That's legal, apparently,
but the guy had a suspended license.

AND IN IRAQ...

4: Number of military deaths yesterday that were announced by the Department of
Defense.

A 19-year-old Marine from New Bedford, Mass., was one of those killed in Iraq
this week.

A family member told the local NBC affiliate that Marine Lance Cpl. Michael Ford
was killed Wednesday when a roadside bomb exploded near his tank.

"You hope for the best, but you just have to sit and wait," said Michael's
grandfather John Ford. "And we didn't have to wait long."

2,395: Number of U.S. troops who have died in Iraq since combat began three
years ago, through yesterday, according to icasualties.org.

TheDaily News honors members of the armed services who have made the ultimate
sacrifice during the war in Iraq. Their deaths will not be forgotten.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                           December 15, 2006, Friday

Squash makes some racquet

BYLINE: Clayton Collins Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: FEATURES, WEEKEND; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1039 words



HIGHLIGHT: Squash, a hard game to play, is gaining a small bounce outside the
East Coast.


Head-to-head solo sports produce gladiator-grade drama when the pairing is
right. This semifinal match in US Open Squash has the makings of an epic tilt.

The Boston event is also a showcase for a sport honed at Britain's Harrow School
around 1860 and now showing potential for growth in America far beyond its East
Coast enclaves.

World No. 1 Amr Shabana, an Egyptian with a furrowed brow, faces down the lanky,
long-haired Ramy Ashour, world No. 9. Ashour, a fellow countryman, is a fast
riser - a force at age 19.

The players compete in a glass-cube court on stage at a Back Bay events center.
Shabana stays fluid. One shot snaps from his racket like a marble from a sling.
The next gently drops the ball just above the "tin" across the bottom of the
front wall. But Ashour seems to teleport to every corner, peeling the ball off
the walls.

In the final game Ashour is down 2-10 - play is to 11 - and he claws back to
10-all.

"He's sending a message," whispers spectator Jim Zug, a longtime squash player
and author of the authoritative 2003 book "Squash: A History of the Game." "Ramy
has been digging and digging," says Mr. Zug. Now the young star refuses to roll
over.

Finally, Shabana puts him away, then snaps his own racket with a flourish.

This very international game needs some high-drama "rock stars" to succeed in
America as a spectator or participatory sport, Zug and others say, ideally one
from the United States.

But US squash has made major inroads in the past five years, its advocates
insist, and cracks are appearing in its old elitist veneer. A handful of Western
colleges - including Pac-10 conference schools - have formed teams; Stanford
added squash great Mark Talbott as coach in 2004 and fielded its first women's
varsity team this season.

"It's definitely no longer an East coast-only sport," says Jeanne Blasberg,
chair of the US Squash Racquets Association, the sport's governing body. "Some
of the big hotbeds are Houston [and other] big international communities.
There's squash in L.A. and San Diego, in Denver, Chicago. There's a huge squash
community in Seattle."

Ms. Blasberg's organization recently announced it will shift its headquarters
from Bala Cynwyd, Pa., to New York City to improve its networking potential,
tapping the city's cultural diversity. Its membership grew by 7 percent in 2005
and will jump an estimated 20 percent this year.

Based on equipment sales and court construction, some 300,000 people now play
squash in the US, Blasberg estimates.

About 12 years ago, the US game shifted from "hardball" to "softball," beginning
with prep schools and universities, she explains, in a bid to conform to the
game that the rest of the world plays.

The "soft" ball is considerably smaller and less lively than the ball used in
racquetball, but livelier than the old hard ball, which still has some core
proponents.

The game's relative difficulty, along with its prep-school origins, contributes
to its quirky appeal. (In much of the world, Zug notes, it's very much a
"working-class" game.)

"In terms of participation, the 'elite' status will probably work in the sport's
favor," says Bruce Watkins, director of the Media Research Laboratory at the
University of Michigan, who studies the relationship between sports and the mass
media and used to play squash.

Other players just love the action.

"The game is 100 times more interesting than racquetball," says David Sterrett,
a lawyer for the City of Boston and a tennis player who discovered squash a year
and a half ago. He now plays three times a week at his club. "You get these
wild, wild shots," he says. "There's so much strategy; it's a thinking person's
game."

Mr. Sterrett also cites social aspects. "It's still a small enough community
that if you go to a match, you see people you've been playing against," he says.
"You feel like you belong."

The community is growing as fitness centers add courts or adapt ones built
(about a foot narrower) for racquetball. Qualified teaching pros have begun to
crop up at more clubs, too.

"It's exciting because we're now looking at our first generation of players who
have played only softball," says Blasberg. "And [players are] becoming more and
more competitive on the world stage."

In 2005, she points out, the junior US women's team finished fourth at the World
Championships in Belgium. She would like to see the game become an Olympic sport
by 2012.

On the high-profile professional men's side, you can still scroll 50-deep on the
world-rankings chart today and not find a US pro. (American Christopher Gordon
is ranked No. 72.) This fall night in Boston - a crowd of more than 700 call out
Egyptian names as Shabana advances to face the winner of a match between players
from Australia and France. History's benchmark matches remain ones between the
likes of (Canadian) Jonathon Power and (Scotsman) Peter Nicol. Its greatest
dynasty remains the decades-long reign of the Kahn family of Pakistan.

In the US, the big hurdle has less to do with players swinging titanium alloy
than with the crowd clutching TV remotes.

"In terms of [entertainment] consumers, I don't think it has a chance," says
Professor Watkins. One goal of cable was to cover many more sports, he points
out. But even hockey has flagged in the land of football and NASCAR. "I think
we're [set] with our power and performance sports."

Zug - who rode to this match, he says, in a van with young players "of seven
nationalities" - concedes that in the US, at venues like this one, squash needs
to generate its own buzz. "The action happens so fast and in such a small
space," he says. "It's hard to make it look good on TV."

Want to see this fast, nuanced game played at its highest level before you try
it yourself?

North America plays host to its share of sanctioned, professional events. For
more detailed information on venues and ticketing, go to www.us-squash.org

Get your eye on the ball

Some upcoming matches (dates in parentheses):

January

Pace Canadian Classic, Toronto (6-7, 8-12)

Windy City Open, Chicago (15-23)

Dayton Open, Dayton, Ohio (24-19)

February

Oregon Open, Portland, Ore. (5-10)

Tournament of Champions, New York (23-Mar. 2)

Virginia Championships, Richmond, Va. (27-Mar. 3)

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

US Patent granted to SP Tennis, LLC (CO) on January 19, titled as 'SPORTS
RACQUET HAVING A BENDING ZONE'

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20170014687, on January 19 2017, to SP Tennis, LLC (CO), titled as 'SPORTS
RACQUET HAVING A BENDING ZONE'



 Inventors: Janes; Richard; (Worcester, MA) ; Brownlee; David Max; (Celina, TX)



 Assignee: SP Tennis, LLC (CO)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: 'The
invention relates to a sports racquet having a head having a string bed is
attached to two throat beams that extend continuously downward to a shaft having
a handle. Each throat beam contains a bending zone in which the width of the
throat beam parallel to the string bed and the width of the same throat beam
perpendicular to the string bed gradually changes in equal, but opposite,
dimensions such that the circumference of the throat beam remains substantially
constant through at least the length of the bending zone or the length of the
entire throat beam. Where the width of the throat beam parallel to the string
bed is the widest and the width of the throat beam perpendicular to the string
beg is the narrowest defines the flexible cross-section or flex point of the
bending zone.'



 The patent was filed on September 29, 2016 Application no. 15/279807



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 5, 2003 Friday
                                  City Edition

Ex-Creighton star arrested in theft at Lincoln health club

SECTION: D; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


John C. Johnson, a former standout basketball player at both Creighton
University and Omaha Central and a former Douglas County probation officer, was
arrested by Lincoln police Wednesday on suspicion of theft by unlawful taking
and criminal possession of a financial transaction device.

Johnson, 47, was spotted laying inside a car and talking on a cell phone in the
parking lot of the Lincoln Racquet Club, 5300 Old Cheney Road.

The person who saw him thought he was acting weird, and wrote down his license
plate number and told employees inside the club, said Lincoln Police Officer
Katherine Finnell.

When the employee went outside, a car's window had been smashed and a purse and
backpack had been stolen, she said.

Officers later pulled over Johnson's car and found the missing purse and
backpack, as well as another purse, she said.

He had tried to use the credit cards in the purse stolen from the racquet club,
she said.

Johnson was arrested in April 1992 for breaking into cars in Omaha and in
Harrison County, Iowa. In May 1992, he was arrested in downtown Lincoln for
allegedly breaking into cars and stealing purses and checkbooks at three health
clubs, including the Lincoln Racquet Club, and cashing a forged check on the
account of one of the victims.

He was sentenced to one to three years in prison on the theft and forgery
charges in Lincoln, and was paroled in February 1993 after having served only
five months in the Lincoln Community Corrections Center.

In April 1993, he was sentenced to one year of probation for breaking into cars
at the DeSoto National Wildlife Refuge near Missouri Valley, Iowa.

Johnson was a Journal Star Super-State player in 1975 after guiding Omaha
Central to Class A state titles in 1974 and 1975. He played college ball at
Creighton from 1976-79 and was a seventh-round selection of the Denver Nuggets
in the 1979 NBADraft.

After his basketball career ended, Johnson was a probation officer for Douglas
County for nine years until his arrests.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 7, 2007 Wednesday
                                  East Edition

Doubles teams close to sectional berths

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 630 words


The St. Petersburg/Clearwater area USTA Senior Doubles League winds down this
month for the 21 women's and 24 men's teams in the 50-plus league. Area
champions advance to sectionals in May.

Completing their divisions last weekend were women's 3.0, 3.5 and 4.0 teams.
McMullen won the 3.0 with a 7-1 record among four teams, the Vinoy the 3.5 with
an unbeaten record among eight and St. Petersburg Tennis Center the 4.0 with a
6-0 record among seven.

The McMullen squad, with Julie Anderson captain, includes St. Petersburg's Debra
Harrington, Tampa's June Williams, Dunedin's Eileen Kitmiller and Clearwater's
Anderson, Connie Headley, Jane Dizona, Angelica Gans, Maryta Jensen and Diane
Hennequant.

The Vinoy 3.5 squad won its second straight area championship, losing just one
position among 18.

"We basically have the same team as last year with all but one qualified to
compete at sectionals and one other player injured and unable to go," said
non-playing captain Kathy Caffrey. "We're planning on 10 players going to
sectionals this year. Last year we had fewer and didn't do as well as we hoped."

Generally, Caffrey tried to keep players with regular partners, such as Pat
Miller and Teena Marks, Marion Foelgner and Linda Meehan, Diane Elias and
Suzanne Berns, Ruth Ann Ott and Xuan Duong and Vicki Fox and Rosemarie Terra.
Lynne Newton, who competed on the team during the season, is injured and will
not compete at sectionals.

Regular teams include captain Susan Hobbs and Ann Worthington, Barbara Brutus
and Carol Glenn, Linda Miller and Gisela Leyva, Joanne Valone and Sandy Martin
and Lisa Durkin and Lynn Pratt. Hobbs plans to mix around remaining players
Mechy Wright, Deb McCleery, Patti Prestera and Christy Monroe.

In the women's 4.5, two teams complete their six-match season March 31. In the
men's four divisions, competition continues through the end of this month.
Countryside Country Club is ahead of its one opponent in the 3.0, as is Royal
Racquet Club's 4.5 in its three-team division. Both have two matches remaining
this month, with the division determined by the overall record.

Feather Sound Country Club has a slight edge over its five opponents in the 3.5
North division and has yet to face second-place Shipwatch Tennis Club, Royal
Racquet and Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club. In the 3.5 South division, the
Racquet Club has a narrow lead over its four opponents with three matches left.

In the 4.0 division, Shipwatch is 4-1 with 12 individual wins and faces
second-place Vinoy and McMullen before the season concludes in the eight-team
division.

NET SHOTS: Ralph Howe and Michael Beautyman of North Carolina in the men's
60-and-over doubles and Peter Crewe and George McCabe in the 75 defended their
top seedings in the Raymond James Super Senior Grand Prix, a USTA Category II
national tournament at the St. Petersburg Country Club. Bob Meyerdierks was
second in the men's 80 singles and Bill Christensen placed fourth in the 60.

- Meyerdierks and Marc Mazo defended their top seeding and captured the men's
80-and-over and 55, respectively, in the West Coast Super Senior Grand Prix at
the St. Petersburg Tennis Center. Meyerdierks teamed with Lyn Abbot and added
the 80 doubles title. Top seeds Ralph Howe and Don Mathias won the 65 doubles,
as did Dave Krebs and Oz Winters in the 70.

COMING UP: The Royal Racquet Spring Fling begins Saturday at Royal Racquet Club
in Clearwater. Call 799-3200. ...A Rockin-Rookie Tournament begins Saturday at
the Seminole Lake Racquet Club. Call 394-1733. ...Sarmiento's Annual
Championships begin March 17 at the St. Petersburg Tennis Center. Call 823-2225.

News for this column may be faxed to Nancy Morgan, 445-4119; e-mailed to
namorgan@tampabay.rr.com; or sent to 710 Court St., Clearwater, FL 33756.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Correction:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 2, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

Cherokee Business: PROFILE: Tennis shop covers every area of sport

BYLINE: LESLIE EVERTON BRICE

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Cherokee; Pg. 3JQ

LENGTH: 539 words


Becky Beckett was a stay-at-home mom with a background in software technology,
and Bonnie Clark was just finishing up her business degree at Georgia Tech.

Both had a passion for tennis and in May parlayed that passion into Topspin
Tennis, the first retail tennis store in Cherokee County.

"We did extensive research about opening the business," said Clark. "We found
that, with the population growth and the growth of [tennis] programs in the
county, this type of store was really needed. There was really no convenient
tennis store in the area."

The location was a savvy choice in itself. East Cherokee Village is a short lob
from the newly opened Cherokee Tennis Center at J.J. Biello Park.

"We were aware they were opening," said Beckett. "And that had a lot to do with
our location --- they're really almost just right across the street from us.
It's a nice location for the Sixes, East Cherokee and Towne Lake communities."

Many large neighborhoods, such as BridgeMill community where Clark lives, tend
to have their own tennis pro shops.

But this store caters to everyone who loves the game --- men, women and
children.

"We carry anything tennis," said Beckett. "And anything we don't have, we can
get."

Along with apparel for all ages, Topspin Tennis stocks rackets, bags and other
equipment, as well as tennis-related gifts and jewelry.

"We have different tastes, so when we buy clothing, we wind up having a really
interesting array of styles," Clark said.

Topspin Tennis offers services including racket stringing, racket weight
customization, grommet replacement, regripping and grip build-up.

The store also has racket pickup and delivery service.

Both women are certified racket stringers by the U.S. Racquet Stringers
Association, and they've invested in the Babolat stringer --- a-state-of-the-art
machine.

The shop also has an extensive demo program where customers can try out rackets
for a small daily fee before they invest in one. The fee is applied toward the
purchase of the racket the customer chooses.

"It's so important to try a racket for a while before you buy it," Beckett said.
"You really don't buy a racket by what it looks like."

Beckett and Clark describe themselves as beginning-to-intermediate tennis
players. Their husbands and families all play tennis --- and both women are
involved in their own neighborhood tennis programs.

"We play tennis year-round. Once you have that tennis love, it becomes a
year-round thing," Clark said, laughing. "We just really have a good time, and
we love the social aspects of it."

They may play for fun, but they're serious about their business, Beckett said.

"We are beginning- to-intermediate players, but our knowledge of the technology
far exceeds our [playing] skill level," she said.

"Part of the stringing certification process is [testing on] the knowledge of
racket technology --- the difference in racket and what makes for a good fit."

Topspin Tennis aims to be a kind of local resource center for tennis players ---
connecting players to each other, to teams and to instructors.

"We try to pull the neighborhoods together for people who don't have programs in
their neighborhoods," Clark said.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Topspin Tennis co-owner Becky Beckett strings a racket, one of
the services offered at the shop in East Cherokee Village in Woodstock. / FRANK
NIEMEIR / Staff; Graphic: TOPSPIN TENNIS

* Where: 6244 Old Highway 5, Suite A, Woodstock

* Phone: 678-388-7746

* Hours: 10 a.m.-7 p.m. Mondays-Fridays; 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturdays; noon-5 p.m.
Sundays.; Photo: A new spin on their game
Bonnie Clark and co-owner Becky Beckett have parlayed their love of tennis into
Topspin Tennis. The store in Woodstock is the first retail tennis store in
Cherokee County. / FRANK NIEMEIR / Staff (Teaser)

TYPE: Profile

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Independent

                             July 5 1989, Wednesday

Tennis: Time for timber to make service return: Bud Collins has a low opinion of
high-tech rackets

BYLINE: BUD COLLINS

LENGTH: 666 words


AS THE leading left-handed hacker of tennis balls on the White House court,
George Bush does have an occasional problem besides his backhand. One is what to
do with the latest toys of American drug-runners and so- called sportsmen:
assault rifles.

While Bush ponders the overpowering of America by daffy sharpshooters, such
tennis bosses as Hamilton Jordan of the Association of Tennis Professionals -
himself a former White House occupant - ought to consider the overpowering of
their game by the ghastly weapons in vogue: high-tech rackets. They should
consider abolishing these slick metallic tools and returning to wood before it
is too late.


In case you haven't noticed, the tennis nomads are in town once again at an
upscale pasture called Wimbledon, whaling balls harder and faster than ever.
Balls are flying from strings at an alarming rate of speed and with too much
topspin.

This is detrimental to artistry - subtlety and touch - which can make the game a
beautiful blend of force and finesse. It is becoming all force and fire-power
and onerous spin, and much of the blame lies in the new super rackets which
accentuate those qualities. These oversized implements incorporate such
materials as fibre-glass, graphite, boron and probably even Kryptonite.

The scientists and engineers have taken over, as they have in so many phases of
life, and who's out there to stop them? Tennis leadership? If such exists, they
have shown no signs of questioning, much less banning, the bombing rackets.

'The game is less interesting when the ball goes so fast,' Bjorn Borg told me a
year ago when he was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame at
Newport, Rhode Island. 'It's going to get worse with the advances in technology.
I think it was a better game to play and watch with the smaller head wooden
rackets.' Maybe Borg is somewhat subjective since he won his five Wimbledons
with weapons that fell from trees. But I agree wholeheartedly.

Overseers of cricket and American baseball have been shrewd in rejecting jet-age
compositions and sticking with wooden bats. The players today are undoubtedly
better and stronger in both those games, as well as tennis, but a sense of
continuity and integrity can be maintained in cricket and baseball by requiring
the use of a standard bludgeon. Wood offers a truer test.

Skill and dexterity are not as much in demand in today's game of tennis. Almost
anybody can hammer away mindlessly with exaggerated topspin from the baseline,
committing unnatural tennis acts now that timber has been abandoned.

However, I am speaking only of the male professionals; the current rackets are
great for the women, and for the hackers - you and me. We need all the
manufactured help we can get. The forsaking of wood has been good for the female
tour - horrendous for the male.

With the new ATP tour of 1990 on the horizon, operated by the male players
themselves, this would be an excellent time for them to make another breakaway.
They should revert to wood to enhance the most important element of their
business - the watchability of tennis. The game has grown duller, as Borg
suggests.

Alas, what can we expect from such closed minds as seem to exist at the ATP,
notably Hamilton Jordan? When he was in the White House, as Jimmy Carter's chief
of staff, Jordan seemed to understand how to treat South Africa. Yet the other
day Jordan was painful in trying to defend the indefensible: the ATP's decision
to continue embracing South Africa.

In announcing the new tour, and with every opportuntity to make a clean,
admirable break with the past, by discarding the Johannesburg event, the ATP not
only kept it but added another tournament, in Capetown.

Was this colossal arrogance, ignorance and insensitivity? Does not even this
pragmatic thought occur to the ATP: that by cuddling with South Africa they
could be endangering a marvellous recent event for tennis, inclusion in the
Olympics.

Sport Page 30

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Independent Print Ltd


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 2, 2010 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Kim bounces ex-Cavalier Devvarman;
2-time NCAA champion loses early lead in Legg Mason qualifying

BYLINE: Christian Swezey

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 537 words


In Kevin Kim's 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory Sunday over Somdev Devvarman in a singles
qualifying match at the Legg Mason Tennis Classic, each player changed rackets
once. Kim's switch, with the score tied at 2 in the second set, proved to be
crucial.

He went on to win 10 of the final 13 games.

His prowess frustrated Devvarman -- so much so that following a shot that went
into the net early in the third set, Devvarman slammed his racket to the ground,
breaking it.

Devvarman, 25, a two-time NCAA singles champion at Virginia, entered ranked No.
103 in the world, his highest ranking. He had beaten Kim in straight sets in the
Newport (R.I.) Hall of Fame tournament last month.

Initially, it looked like Sunday's match would have a similar outcome. Kim lost
12 of the first 13 points and fell behind 3-0. At that point, he began taping
the handle of his backup racket.

"I was still trying to get situated," Kim said. "He hits a lot of balls back,
and I was trying to figure out whether I wanted to dictate or hit with no pace.
It ended up that when I tried to dictate in the beginning, he got a lot of balls
back.

"When I hit with no pace on the ball in the second and third sets, he didn't
seem to do as well with it."

Kim, 32, was the No. 1-ranked junior player in the world in 1996. At UCLA in
1997, he was an all-American in singles and doubles. He has played in more than
200 challenger tournaments -- believed to be a record.

Dating from 2006, he has played 34, 35, 35 and 36 tournaments. This year, Legg
Mason is his 26th tournament.

That schedule means Kim is familiar with many spots around the world. But he
said Washington has a special place in his heart.

His first ATP victory came at the Legg Mason in 2000.

And while a majority of the fans were cheering Devvarman on Sunday -- many of
them in Cavaliers gear -- Kim had a cheering section as well.

Among those cheering for him were the owner of the Washington Kastles (he and
Kim have played doubles together); a friend who owns two restaurants in D.C.;
and another who owns a popular Georgetown bar.

"Even though I'm from L.A., I probably have closer friends here than I do in
L.A.," he said.

The qualifying match that drew the most interest on Sunday was between Kevin
Anderson of South Africa and Kei Nishikori of Japan. That match was played on
the stadium court (Kim and Devvarman played on the grandstand court).

Anderson has gained a measure of fame by going through the qualifiers to make
seven ATP  events this year, the most on tour.

But Nishikori advanced with a 4-6, 7-6 (7-4), 6-4 victory that took 2 hours 41
minutes. Anderson's serve was hitting 135 mph in the final game. But what the
serve had in power it lacked in accuracy -- it landed in at just a 58 percent
rate.

And that played into Nishikori's plan to attack the second serve.

"It was a tough match," Nishikori said. "The third set was really close."

Nishikori earned his spot in tennis lore when  he advanced to the round of 16 at
the U.S. Open in 2008. He was the first Japanese player to do so in 71 years.

But Nishikori missed much of last season with an elbow injury.

"I've come back feeing really good," he said. "Last week in L.A. I didn't play
very well and I lost. This [win] will give me some confidence."

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 30, 1997, Wednesday, Final Edition

In Manassas, Conditions Right for Batting Cages; Neighbors Unhappy With Council
Compromise

Tara Mack, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PRINCE WILLIAM EXTRA; Pg. V03

LENGTH: 417 words


After six contentious meetings, a batting demonstration and months of
controversy, the Manassas City Council unanimously approved a plan Monday to
build batting cages near a residential area, leaving neighbors worried about the
impact on their neighborhood.

The approval comes with 24 conditions regulating noise and safety that Manassas
Racquet Club must meet to build five batting cages.

"We felt that the compromise reached is something we can live with," said Edward
Carlton, who owns Manassas Racquet Club. "To be quite honest, we are going to do
our best to fulfill all the conditions."

Neighbors, who have turned out in large numbers at every public hearing, say the
club has not been sensitive to their concerns in the past. Many questioned
whether the city will be able to enforce the regulations.

"The conditions [the council] attached are nice, but they don't have any teeth,"
said Renae Ditmer Hazle, who lives near the club.

The racquet club agreed to equip each cage with pads and to encircle the
facility with a 3-foot dirt wall with a solid wood fence on top of it to contain
the noise. The club also must use sound-deadening balls, which the club
demonstrated to city officials and neighbors in June. Neighbors had asked that
the club be walled in, a suggestion Carlton said was too expensive.

Council member Ulysses X. White (R) said he thought Carlton had bent over
backward to accommodate the neighbors. So impressed was White with the club's
efforts that he changed one of the conditions to allow the club to remain open
until 10 p.m. instead of 8 p.m.

"We're responsible for making sure that the citizens' rights are protected,"
White said. "But we're also responsible for making sure that the business
interests are protected."

Tom Waters, a neighbor of the club, criticized the council's decision. "They
showed me they lacked the moral courage to do the right thing, as I knew they
would," he said.

Waters said that he thinks the batting cages will increase traffic on Quarry
Road and that he plans to program White's number into his phone's speed-dial and
call White every time clogged traffic prevents him from getting out of his
driveway.

White has "certainly condemned us to a complete traffic nightmare," Waters said.

In response to neighbors' concerns about traffic, the council passed a
resolution asking its staff to meet with residents and decide how to ensure that
the speed limits are being obeyed and trucks are not using the road.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            April 1, 1993, Thursday

Squash: Nancarrow suspended

SECTION: SPORT PAGE; Page 36

LENGTH: 179 words


(First Edition)

TRISTAN NANCARROW was yesterday suspended for four months and fined pounds 500
by the Professional Squash Association for a string of disciplinary offences at
tournaments around the world.

Nancarrow, the volatile Australian world No 6, said he would have to decide if
he had a future in the game. He has decided not to appeal against the
punishment.

The ban, which starts on 9 April, means he will miss the British Open and
tournaments in New York and Rio de Janeiro. ''I plan to return for the
Australian Open in August but that might change,'' Nancarrow, 29, said. ''I'll
spend the next four months giving my future a lot of thought.''

Nancarrow was reported for unsportsmanlike conduct at the Hong Kong Open and
Qatar International events last December, verbal abuse and unsportsmanlike
conduct at the Super Series finals in Zurich in January and verbal abuse at the
Canadian Open in Calgary, also in January.

Chris Gotla has resigned from his post as the Squash Rackets Association's chief
executive after 10 months in the job.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 Independent Print Ltd


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     January 29, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Do It Tennis Bursts Into 2014 with New Wilson, Babolat, and Head Products

LENGTH: 322  words


New Delhi, Jan. 29 -- Do It Tennis, one of Southern California's leading
retailers in tennis racquets, tennis accessories, and tennis apparel, offers a
rush of new and exciting tennis products from Wilson, Babolat, and Head.



A range of new Head tennis racquets is available to help players take their game
to the next level. The Prestige line of Head tennis racquets can accommodate a
number of playing styles to keep players in control of their game. All of the
new Head tennis racquets are built using the latest Graphene technology,
allowing for powerful yet lightweight racquets that will have players performing
like the pros.

New Babolat tennis shoes will allow players complete control over the court. The
V-Pro 2 line of Babolat tennis shoes features excellent spring thanks to Exact
Pro technology, making it the lightweight, comfortable, and economical footwear
option. Each shoe's Kompressor system provides long-lasting comfort and a shock
absorbing heel to keep players on their toes. Available in an array of bold
color options, these durable Babolat tennis shoes are guaranteed to perform well
and please the eye.

The new releases of the Pro Staff line of Wilson tennis racquets offers players
new levels of precision and response. A versatile option for intermediate to
advanced players, this new racquet is ideally suited for players with long,
aggressive strokes. Each of these Wilson tennis racquets offers a comfortable
feel and a healthy sweetspot.

Do It Tennis is also pleased to offer an exciting array of Wilson tennis bags.
The Wilson Federer Team Collection Tweener bag is sure to be a sought-after
item. Designed after Roger Federer's own bag and emblazoned with his signature,
this tennis bag lets the player show off their style while feeling like a pro.
Innovative in looks and storage capabilities, these new Wilson tennis bags make
for bold and stylish fashion statements both on and off the tennis court.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          October 03, 2001, Wednesday

Five win at Seminole Lake tourney

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 856 words



Pasco players returned with five winners' trophies and six finalists' awards
from a trip to Pinellas last month for the Water is Clear, a state-sanctioned
junior singles tournament at Seminole Lake Tennis Center.

Leading the girls was Laura Fakhoury in the 18-and-under division with a 6-2,
6-3 final win over Miranda Gutierrez. The win was good for Fakhoury, and most
interesting because she is just 13. This is not Fakhoury's first win in the 18
division. When she turns 14 next year, Fakhoury plans to begin playing
satellite-level tournaments. Fourteen is the minimum age to play at that level.

"My family and I moved here from the Middle East about a year ago," Fakhoury
said. "We live in Saddlebrook, but I have a private coach (Adam Altschuler) that
I have worked with the last few months. I'm home-schooled so I'm able to adjust
my time well for training."

Fakhoury is working on coming to the net more and uses a powerful forehand to
set up that strategy. A good serve allows Fakhoury to set up points as well.

"I played pretty well in the tournament," Fakhoury said, "and thought I stayed
focused okay. When I don't play well, I try to tell myself to take my time,
relax, breathe and stay focused on what I want to do."

Fakhoury, who most admires professional player Justine Henin, is planning to
compete in an International Tennis Federation (ITF) tournament in South Carolina
in November and other international events through the end of the year. Those
will be her first ITF events in the 18 division.

Joining Fakhoury as a singles winner at Seminole were Jessica Svoboda in the
14s, Joel Samaha the 12s, Alex Vuckovic the 16s and Jose Luis Muguraza the 18s.

Area finalists, along with Gutierrez, included Lindsay Gray in the 14s, Yumi
Hasegawa the 16s, Tyler Snook the 12s and Jeff Dadamo the 14s.

Svoboda, whose father, Petr, is a defenseman for the Tampa Bay Lightning,
rallied to win in three sets over Gray. The singles win came on her 12th
birthday.

"That was kind of fun to win on my birthday, although I wasn't playing so well
when I first started that last match," Svoboda said. "But then I started playing
better."

Svoboda, whose sister Sarah, 14, played in the 18s, is a left-hander who relies
on serve and power.

LEAGUES ORGANIZING: U.S. Tennis Association Florida Section-sponsored doubles
leagues ranging from men's and women's senior and super seniors to adult and
senior mixed doubles are forming. A captains' meeting for all leagues is
scheduled for at 7 p.m. Oct. 10 at Royal Racquet Club in Clearwater.

Coordinators include Judy Murphy at (727) 815-9618 for the senior women; Josie
Doucette at (727) 862-1656, super senior women; Seaton Kenworthy at (727)
785-8399, senior and super senior men; Erika Boardman at (727) 399-2459, Liz
Dunlop at (727) 391-0811 and Bob Hagerman at (727) 391-4380 for the adult and
senior mixed leagues.

A local men's 60-plus doubles league begins Oct. 23. Contact a club pro for
information. Vince Trapano (727-799-3200) is the league coordinator.

ON A ROLL: Westin Innisbrook Resort's teams of Pasco and Pinellas players have
netted three consecutive wins in both the Pinellas Area Doubles League and the
Satellite Ladies Doubles League.

In PADL, Innisbrook defeated teams from the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg,
Royal Racquet Club and Paradise Island. Thursday, the team of five doubles
positions travels to St. Petersburg to play a second Racquet Club team.

In its fourth Satellite League match late Tuesday, Innisbrook was to play the
Racquet Club after beating Seminole Lake, the Bardmoor Smashers, Vinoy Victors
and Countryside Racquets in the eight-position league.

CLINIC FUNDRAISER: Plans are underway for the ninth annual fundraiser scheduled
Nov. 2-4 at the Paul Kronk Tennis Club in Crescent Oaks for the Good Samaritan
Health Clinic in New Port Richey. Renamed the Ariel Goldman Memorial Tennis
Classic, the doubles-only competition targeted 93.3 percent of last year's money
to patient care. Businesses or individuals interested in assisting, volunteering
or playing may call (727) 848-6851.

THIS WEEKEND: The Nature Coast Open, a three-day benefit for high school teams,
begins Saturday. The singles and doubles competition for juniors and adults will
be at Delta Woods and Glen Lakes and will be directed by USPTA teaching pro Judy
Jeanette at (352) 684-4321. Also starting Saturday is the Fall Super Series at
East Lake Woodlands for juniors 18 and under. Call the club, (727) 785-2212,
today to enter.

COMING UP: Cheval Country Club offers the Halloween Bowl for juniors Oct. 13-15.
Call the club, (813) 948-2282. The Suncoast Tennis Foundation Benefit Tournament
is Oct. 13-14 at Seminole Lake Tennis Center. Men's, women's and mixed doubles
competition is planned for the junior and adult grassroots benefit. Call (727)
394-1733 to enter. The Temple Terrace Recreation Department is hosting its
second Halloween Classic Oct. 20-22 for juniors. Call (813) 989-7178. The SPTC
Adults Senior Vets is Oct. 19-22 for men and women in age-division singles and
doubles. Call tournament director Al Sarmiento, (727) 360-2643.


LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Lakewood Racquet Club

                                5820 112Th St Sw
                              Lakewood,  WA 98499
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (253) 582-6311
FAX: (253) 582-6335
URL: www.lakewoodracquetclub.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Lakewood Racquet Club is Mid Ohio's premier tennis facility. The
professionally staffed, full service tennis center offers unsurpassed quality
programming and facilities to our members and the general public. Whether you're
interested in group or private lesson, junior programs, adult programs or USTA
tournament and leagues, Lakewood Racquet club is the place for you.  Lakewood
Racquet Club facilities include 6 indoor courts, 6 outdoor clay courts, ball
machines, proshop with racquets stringing services, outdoor pool, private locker
rooms and much more.  Lakewood Racquet Club tennis instructors provide
exceptional programming for novice through advanced players and juniors through
super seniors. The goal of Lakewood Racquet Club is to take every player's game
to the next level in a fun and exciting atmosphere and make great friends along
the way.  Our fun and health conscious atmosphere makes it easy to learn the
sport of a lifetime, stay in shape or get back in to shape and enjoy improving
you tennis skills. We look forward to seeing you on the courts!

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 750,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           January 15, 2003 Wednesday

One crown in bag, new season begins

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 769 words


The St. Petersburg Tennis Center, coming off an undefeated season in the
Pinellas 60-Plus Doubles League, opened competition Tuesday in the local USA
Tennis Florida Super Senior Men's Doubles League.

This week's opponent in the state-sanctioned league for players at least 60 in
the 3.5 South division was the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg.

Before the state-sanctioned circuit began, however, SPTC collected the winner's
trophy in the 60-Plus league.

With captain Howard Rothstein , the squad of 13 outlasted seven other teams,
including Royal Racquet Club, the Renaissance Vinoy, Countryside Country Club,
Seminole Lake Tennis Center, Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club, Shipwatch
Tennis Club and Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club.

"We tried some different combinations and experimented quite a bit," Rothstein
said.

"There's a science and art to playing doubles, and the game is all about being
at the net," he said.

Rothstein was an athlete as a youth, but football was his game. Not until a
cousin gave him a racket when she no longer was able to play did he try tennis.

"I thought tennis was a sissy sport, and I wasn't about to try it," Rothstein
said. "Then, an opportunity came along and I did. I was instantly hooked."

Rothstein went on to even teach some tennis while serving in the Army's Special
Services, but stopped playing when he was about 50 to take up boating.

"As a kid, my family kind of grew up on the water and it was a good way for my
dad to get away from the effects of hay fever," Rothstein said.

"Just like everything else I've ever done, including tennis, I learned as much
as I could about sailing.

"My wife, Elaine, and I have traveled to all the Caribbean islands and are both
involved in the St. Petersburg Sail and Power Squadron," Rothstein said.

Sailing is Rothstein's love, he said, but tennis is his passion.

Consequently, he returned to the sport after a visit to the St. Petersburg
Tennis Center in 1995.

"I've always liked singles best, but I also like the team play in doubles,"
Rothstein said.

"Our 60-and-over team took lessons with the pros here at the center and really
worked on getting to the net and practiced the put-away volley."

Joining Rothstein on the unbeaten squad were Nick Karamessinis, Charley Dorell,
Scott Allwood, Michele Antoine, Dennis McDaniel, Jim Schroder, Bud Steckman,
Bill Wallace, Jim McDonald, Doug Eadie, Ed Hamilton and Dave Krebbs.

Rothstein and Allwood played at least three times and were undefeated in
doubles.

"Starting up in the sanctioned league this week will be interesting because
there are some players that haven't had a chance to play with the team to see
where everyone fits as a team," Rothstein said.

"We need to see who teams up best with whom," he said.

Rothstein also is captain of the USTA team of nine that includes Antoine, Eadie,
Karamessinis, Steckman and Wallace along with Bernard Leightheiser, Tom Clark
and Jim Kelly.

After this week's match with the Racquet Club the SPTC has a bye and does not
play until it travels to Bardmoor on Jan. 28.

There are five teams in the league, including SPTC, the Vinoy, the Racquet Club
and Bardmoor and Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club.

Competition continues through March 18 for the 3.5 South division. The winner
will enter a playoff with the 3.5 North top finisher.

NET SHOTS: Leaders in the 27-team Pinellas Area Doubles League are Royal Racquet
II (56 points), Racquet Club I (48), Countryside I and Bardmoor III (46) and
Vinoy I (44).

+ Danielle Collins defended her top seed in the girls 10-and-under division of
the SPTC Junior Championships last weekend.

Collins defeated second-seeded Emily Dvorak in a third-set tiebreak. Lindsay
Dvorak was a finalist in the girls 14.

Consolation winners included Connor Chambers (boys 10), Anthony Barrancotto
(12), Nicholas Berning (16) and Caitlin Jammo (girls 16).

+ The St. Petersburg Tennis Center is offering a 3-6 p.m. Monday-Friday Elite
Tournament Camp for juniors at $100 per week for 15 hours of intensive training.

For information, call 823-2225.

+ Judy Grim advanced one round in the main draw and two in the consolation of
last weekend's 55-and-over competition in Les Grandes Dames 2003.

Ria Graham reached the 65 consolation final. Jackie Keller teamed with Liz Leigh
to qualify for the 45 doubles quarterfinal action.

+ Ed Hamilton played to the men's 60 semifinal round in last weekend's Fort
Myers Super Seniors.

Richard Hough reached the men's 70 quarterfinal, as did Bob Meyerdierks in the
75 class. Myeredierks won the doubles with Scott Calkins of Naples.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 16, 2004 Wednesday

New league gets into swing of things

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1038 words


Scott Smith thinks there are plenty of area players to support a new flex
league.

With that in mind, the 25-year teaching professional and second-year Treasure
Island Tennis and Yacht Club tennis director opens registration this month for
the nation's first i9 Sports Tennis League. It offers men's and women's singles
and doubles and mixed play in 21-and-over and 55-plus age divisions.

"We're a trailblazer of sorts, but we won't be the last," Smith said. "My wife,
Rhonda, and I had been looking for another opportunity, and when I learned about
i9 Sports with the chance to purchase a franchise, I followed up."

Started less than two years ago, i9 Sports Corporation seeks to promote amateur
athletics by providing national support and inviting local franchises to
develop. Created by Frank Fiume, i9 Sports is based in Brandon and has six
franchises in other sports (golf, wrestling, flag football), with plans to have
30 by year's end.

Being the first to purchase a tennis franchise has its advantages, Smith said,
such as running a league the way you think is best. There are disadvantages,
such as not having a foundation to model.

"What we've tried to do is take the things we liked most about other leagues and
incorporate in ours," Smith said. "We're also asking a lot of players for ideas.
We're not trying to compete with the K-Swiss or city leagues because we think
there are enough players to go around. Before I got into this, I could see a fit
into the community for another league and that there was a need for it."

Through i9 Sports, Smith purchased Pinellas and Hillsborough county areas to
develop. In preparation for league action, he has put Pinellas into two
sections, with Ulmerton Road the dividing line. Hillsborough is split into four
quadrants. At the end of each season, playoffs between the two top finishers in
Pinellas will determine the champion, as will a playoff among the four in
Hillsborough. In the future, the two may meet for an overall Tampa Bay champion.

"Right now, if I get a couple of hundred players, I'll be happy," Smith said.
"Some may like the smaller size."

Smith distinguishes the i9 Sports Tennis League from other existing leagues
because it provides national support, including a newsletter. Most importantly,
there will be little time between seasons.

"Our seasons will pretty much roll over so a player will never be out of matches
more than three or four weeks," Smith said. "I think that is a big plus for us."

Log on to  http://www.i9sports.com and click on Tampa/St. Pete to find more
information. Or, e-mail Smith at smith@i9sports.com.

ADULT LEAGUE PLAYOFFS: Last weekend's USA League Tennis playoffs determined
champions in the women's 3.5 and 4.0 divisions.

In 3.5 action, the Renaissance Vinoy beat Westin Innisbrook Resort 4-1 on
Saturday to set up Sunday's title match with Feather Sound Country Club. The
Vinoy won 3-2.

The Vinoy's No. 1 player, Anne Anderson, scored a 7-5, 6-3 victory, and No. 2
Grace Winter and No. 1 doubles Carol Stowasser and Robyn Williams captured
third-set tie-break wins to clinch the title. Kathy Wilson and Lori Clarke in
No. 2 and Elizabeth Wohlwend and Katie Chappell at No. 3 collected Feather
Sound's two points.

The Royal Racquet Club 4.0 women's team extended its unbeaten record with a 4-1
semifinal win over the Racquet Club and a 3-2 championship victory over the
Vinoy.

The Vinoy earned its two points from Diana Gabay and Lauren Walker in No. 1
doubles and Heather Nicoll and Lyn Ballinger at No. 2.

In the men's 3.5 playoffs, the Racquet Club beat Royal Racquet Club 4-1 and East
Lake Woodlands defeated Treasure Bay 4-1. Winning for the Racquet Club were Joe
Damouny and Peter Gairing in No. 1 and No. 2 singles, respectively. The second
doubles team, Don Cobin and Don Campagna, and No. 3 Paul Hagglund and Lon Caffee
posted victories.

Saturday, the Racquet Club-East Lake matchup will determine the 3.5 champion.
Local teams advance to the USA Tennis Florida west regional playoffs July 16-18
in Naples with hopes of qualifying for the state tournament in August.

NET SHOTS: Mary Jane Evertz and Kevin Manning played past three challengers to
win the 45-and-over mixed doubles title in the Florida State Closed
Championships at Royal Racquet Club.

Other winners were the sister-brother team of Lauren and Lou Scaglione in the
open mixed, Sue and Mark Michelman (55 mixed) and Gail McMurtrey and Mark Taylor
(35 mixed).

Jerica Coley survived a three-set final to win the girls 10-and-under singles
division in last weekend's SPTC Junior Open.

Austin Kondor defended his top seed in boys 12, second-seededNicholas Gallauer
upset the No. 1 player in the 16 final, and Daichi Murata won the 18 class.

Consolation winners included Amy Lowther in the 10 division, Morgan Basil (18),
Philip Russo (boys 10) and Greg LeCompte (16).

MEMORIAL WEEKEND: East Lake Woodlands played host to the 14th annual Morton
Plant Mease Fundraiser Tournament and its competitors in men's, women's and
mixed doubles.

Tom Wise survived two three-set finals - first with Michael Spall in the 3.5
men's doubles, then with Leslie Gray in mixed doubles. Also winning a three-set
final were Jane Robinson and Adrian Pagani in the open mixed doubles.

Robinson won a second title when teaming with Donna Roberts in the women's open
doubles, as did Gray with Holly Charles in the 3.5 women's division.

Other women's doubles winners were Evertz and Mickey Gelestor in 4.0 and Jan
Spoerl and Mary Bandes (3.0).

Winners among the men's doubles teams were Reinaldo Valor and Jamie McKibban in
open, Ron Ramos and Maura Rodriguez (4.0) and Ron Day and Robert Dickson (3.0).

Dickson teamed with Joanne Dickson to win the 3.0 mixed.Diana Gabay and Tom
Grayson won 4.0.

In all, 36 men's teams, 32 women's and 44 mixed participated in the three-day
event.

COMING UP: The Seminole Summer Classic begins Saturday at Seminole Lake Tennis
Center for junior singles players 18-and-under. For information, call Krishnan
Anandan, 394-1733. The Clearwater Summer Classic for juniors is June 26-28 at
McMullen Tennis Center. Call 669-1919.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TENNIS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Scott Smith

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Fourteen-year-old Tyler Zink is soon to be the top-ranked player in the state,
thanks to hard work and a family entrenched in the sport

BYLINE: Mic Huber mic.huber@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: C; FL Sports; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 878 words


SARASOTA - Jimmy Arias was once the No. 5 ranked tennis player in the world, and
he clearly knows the game inside and out. So, when Arias speaks it is worth
listening.

Arias, a teen prodigy who turned pro at 16 and reached the semifinals of the
U.S. Open in singles at the age of 19, hit recently with Tyler Zink and
proclaimed that the 14-year-old Lakewood Ranch resident is playing the best
tennis of his young life.

Arias' observation is backed up by results. Zink recently took his game to a new
level by entering ITF tournaments, events bringing together top 18-Under players
from around the world. He quickly made an impact by winning three qualifying
matches to become the youngest player to reach the main draw of the
International Grass Court Championships held recently at the Merion Cricket Club
in Haverford, Pennsylvania.

Then, a little more than a

week ago, Zink returned to his age level and lived up to his No. 1 ranking by
winning the 14-Under title at the 67th edition of the USTA Florida Bobby Curtis
Junior State Championships, the most important junior event in the state.

Down 0-3 in the third set in the semifinals, Zink reached down and beat
fourth-seeded Grey Cacciatore 6-2, 4-6, 6-4. He then took care of Dylan Breslow,
6-3, 6-3 in the final.

"I was just trying to keep fighting, trying to stay together mentally and never
give up," Zink said about the semifinal match.

He has made it a habit to stay tough and finding a way to win and his father
believes his recent success stems in part to being comfortable with his game,
and his surroundings. "You know, I think he is playing so well partly because it
feels like home here," said Tyler's father, George Zink.

Home is the Sarasota Bath and Racquet Fitness Club, a facility where George Zink
landed a couple months ago as the general manager. "Tennis has been a big part
of our life and I was looking for something that had fitness and tennis under
one roof," George Zink said. He found that place at the Bath and Racquet and
after talking to the club's owners about their vision for the future, Zink, who
had owned the Sarasota Anytime Fitness facility, "took the plunge."

That plunge includes the entire Zink family becoming a big part of everyday life
at the Bath and Racquet. Typically, the entire clan arrives early in the morning
and remains well into the evening. "It has been awesome," said Lauren Zink, the
mother of three tennis playing children. "We love it."

Tennis is the common bond for the entire family that arrived in the area three
years ago from Pennsylvania.

George Zink played collegiately at Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville, a
runner-up in the Division II championships and briefly on the pro tour.

Lauren (Nikolas) Zink is a state high school champion in Pennsylvania, a
six-time Division 1 All-America player and a three-time Colonial Athletic
Association Player of the Year. She also competed professionally.

Their two daughters, Lindsay, 11, and Kate, 10, are aspiring tennis players. But
it is Tyler, a slender 5-foot-8 home schooled all-court player who has
established himself as a force in junior tennis. "I definitely want to become a
professional player," said Tyler, echoing the goal of most youngsters who wield
a tennis racket. "Reaching the top 10 would be a great accomplishment."

Tennis is often perceived as an individual sport but behind the scenes there
usually is a team. For Tyler, the primary team includes his father, his cousin,
Ben Zink, Julien Link and Rick Macci, who runs a highly respected tennis academy
in Boca Raton.

There are others who contribute, but the core group - Team Tyler - makes certain
that the young player is as prepared as possible for anything he will face in a
match. "It is awesome when it all comes together," George Zink said about
Tyler's performance at the Bobby Curtis tournament.

That team concept is also how George Zink approaches his vision of revitalizing
the Bath and Racquet Club. He has brought in Ben Zink as director of tennis and
Link, a long-time Sarasota resident who briefly played on the pro tour, as a
teaching pro.

The Bath and Racquet Club has always been known for having an active membership,
and Zink is aware of the history of the place that was built by Ken Wagstaff and
became the top club in the area for many years.

"Ken had a passion for this game and I can feel him all over this building,"
George Zink said. "I dream big. I am here because I see the potential of this
club. I would love to see us become the premier tennis and fitness club in the
state of Florida. We, and the owners, are determined to make that happen. "We
are excited for the journey."

So is Tyler, who is usually the first one in his household to wake up and get on
the move. He can hardly wait to get started on a day that typically involves a
couple hours on the court in the morning, followed by school work and another
two hours of tennis in the afternoon.

This coming weekend Tyler - whose favorite players are Roger Federer and Novak
Djokovic - will play in a qualifying event in Aruba and he is on the list for
several other ITF tournaments. Then there is the USTSA Boys Clay Court Nationals
in July.

With the team behind him and his preparations on track at his home away from
home, Tyler Zink is ready for what awaits.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lakewood Ranch resident Tyler Zink, 14, is the top player in his age
group in Florida and one of the best in the nation. COURTESY PHOTO Tennis is a
common bond for the Zink family. Tyler Zink, 14, gets lots of support from his
mother, Lauren, left, sisters Lindsay, 11 and Kate, 10, and his father, George,
who recently became the general manager of the Sarasota Bath and Racquet
Athletic Club. COURTESY PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 14, 1984, Saturday, Final Edition

McEnroe's Temper Is Smashing

BYLINE: By THOMAS BOSWELL

SECTION: Sports; This Morning; D1

LENGTH: 998 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, Jan. 13, 1984


Ruth Sobel never saw the head of John McEnroe's tennis racket flying directly at
her. By the time she could throw her hands up in front of her face, the racket
frame had already smashed into the box-seat screen in front of her and clattered
to the floor of Madison Square Garden.

McEnroe was standing only 30 feet from Sobel when, in one of his countless fits
of petulant temper, he swung his racket as hard as he could at a spot on the
court at his feet. Usually, with such angry swipes, McEnroe kills an ant or
misses the earth entirely.

This time, the racket smashed in half. The handle stayed in his hand, but the
entire racket head took off--traveling as fast as if he had hurled it with all
his might--directly at Ruth Sobel a few paces away in the front row.

Six inches higher and the racket would have cleared the fence and hit Sobel in
the chest. A foot higher than that and, as she said, "I don't even want to think
about it."

McEnroe glanced at where his weapon had landed, then walked away to get a new
racket and continue his perfunctory straight-set victory over Johan Kriek in the
quarterfinals of the Volvo Masters here on Thursday night.

McEnroe never inquired if anyone was hurt, never apologized, never even nodded
in the Sobel's direction.

"I didn't want to break my concentration," McEnroe said later.

"I was terrified for the moment . . . I couldn't believe it was happening . . .
then I was furious," said Sobel. "The racket was moving very fast.

"No, it wasn't surprising that he didn't come over to check our status," she
said, still in a suppressed fury an hour after the incident.

"I was surprised that no one associated with the tournament came over to
apologize or ask how we were," said her husband Hank. "I guess they're used to
it."

"McEnroe does all the same things over and over and they're just so boring by
now," said Ruth Sobel. "I wish he'd thrown sawdust instead," she added,
referring to the way McEnroe has reached in his pocket and thrown sawdust in the
faces of first-row fans.

"We've been sitting in these seats for five years listening to him scream at
linesmen," said Hank Sobel. "We're big tennis fans, but we're sick of him. Every
year, his behavior is the worst.

"Tonight, he was yelling 'Let's see how obnoxious you can be' at the fans when
they cheered Kriek for a good shot. He's so egocentric he can't even admit that
we might be cheering for the other player . . .

"We're leaving in protest," he said, taking his wife toward the exit.

As usual, McEnroe was truculently shamefaced and evasively apologetic after the
fact. As usual, he didn't think he'd done anything wrong. Circumstances and
rotten luck had just conspired to make him look bad again.

He was worried about whether he would be fined, about what the press would say,
about what impact his latest boorishness would have on his image.

In other words, he was, like any child, worried only about himself.

"It's happened twice in my life," said McEnroe with his mordant, put-upon
expression.

"Once (before) against (Jimmy) Connors in the semifinals of the U.S. Open. I've
done that about a thousand times and, twice, it's broken. Today and the other
time (when) it went way up in the air and came down on his (Connors) side of the
court . . .

"I apologize for almost . . . (pause) . . . I was . . . it was totally
accidental."

"If this has happened before, why do you keep doing it?" a reporter asked.

"I might consider changing because it's not worth being fined for . . . and
everyone in the crowd started booing after that and people like you ask me
questions," said McEnroe, not addressing himself in any way to the reality of
what his temper tantrum might have done to Ruth Sobel. "I really want to start
1984 off right, but it's up to you people (the press) how it's handled."

Tennis' capacity to give McEnroe a thousandth chance is enormous. Perhaps those
close to the sport sense the degree to which McEnroe's problem is really tennis'
problem. Even in a sports culture saturated with pressure, big money and bad
manners, tennis is near the top of the heap at spoiling the pure pleasure of the
game and deforming the personalities of its stars.

This week, young Yannick Noah explained how he had moved to New York from Paris
to escape the pressure of his countrymen's expectations; Noah, perhaps
intoxicated by a little learning, sat before the press and explained how he'd
thought about committing suicide in the Seine.

Czechoslovakia's smart and talented Ivan Lendl wears a sour expression of
perpetual discontent and endures the aggravation of being labeled an avaricious
choker. Bjorn Borg retired young because he felt it was just too much agony to
stay on top. McEnroe seems frozen in perpetual adolescence.

In the crowds here are row upon row of people dressed for success. These folks
know about deferred gratification, keeping your nose to the grindstone, making
sacrifices for the sake of glory. They sympathize with the grimaces of these
players as they grind on every point in a sport which sometimes seems to be a
cheerless mirror image of the polite warfare which goes on each day behind a
million glass office windows in a thousand skyscrapers.

They know, perhaps painfully, how many valuable unsuspected qualities can lie
hidden behind a three-piece suit or a tennis star's surly snarl.

Long after his match Thursday night, McEnroe stood in the bowels of the Garden
chatting with several young photographers.

"I want to take a picture of the Triborough Bridge at night with all the lights.
You know, when it's so beautiful, with the city behind it. Blow it up about 10
times and put it on my wall," said McEnroe.

"Could you do that? And if you don't do it (for me), how do I do it?"

McEnroe listened to the explanation of shutter speeds and exposure times; he
even told about his own failed attempts, standing on a catwalk late at night.

He seemed intensely interested, even fascinated.

But he never smiled.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Racket was intact on this shot by McEnroe at the Masters, even
if his composure sometimes wasn't. UPI

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             June 19, 1977, Sunday

BYLINE: BY JOHN LYST

SECTION: Section 3; Page 1, Column 3

LENGTH: 141 words

Indianapolis Star financial editor John Lyst discusses tennis industry, noting
that while tennis continues to grow in popularity, boom is over and supply of
courts across US has reached 'saturation point'.  Repts cost of building and
maintaining tennis facilities has increased due to energy problem and banks have
become hesitant about making loans on developments.  Holds Racquet Clubs of
America Inc was largest tennis club operator in US in '74, operating 11 indoor
facilities with 49 courts in 10 major cities.  Notes RCA was recently forced to
close its headquarters in Indianapolis and continues to operate only 4 tennis
facilities.  Details financial and management problems leading to decline of RCA
and cites comments by RCA execs.  Photo of Indianapolis Racquet Club pres
Stephen E DeVoe with nephew on tennis court.  Drawing (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 170-1

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Combination

              Copyright 1977 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            November 25, 2016 Friday

West Bengal: 13th arrest made in connection with newborn trafficking racket

BYLINE: Pooja Mehta

LENGTH: 451  words


The racket was prevalent in nursing homes in Kolkata.

Two days after officials of West Bengal's Criminal Investigation Department
(CID) busted a newborn trafficking racket, investigations reveal that it is one
of the biggest rackets existing in the eastern India.

On Thursday, CID officials made the 13th arrest in connection with the
trafficking of the newborns. Police arrested Partha Chatterjee, owner of Shri
Krishna Nursing Home. Chatterjee had been running the nursing home for a decade
and was involved in the racket for the past three years.

This apart, the police have arrested a number of heads of the NGO involved in
the racket. "We have arrested as many as 13 people in connection with the racket
. All have been arrested under section 369 (kidnapping or abducting child under
10 years with intent to steal from its person), 370 (trafficking) 120 B
(criminal conspiracy) of IPC and 34 of CrPc," said Deputy Inspector General
(CID), Bharat Lal Meena.

The racket was prevalent in nursing homes in the state capital, Kolkata. Agents
would liaison with NGOs and the nursing home staff. The nursing home staff and
doctors would declare an infant as 'dead' and issue a birth certificate to the
parents of the newborn without handing over the dead body.

Later, the newborn would be sold off to childless couples through the NGO. While
newborn girls with a dark complexion would be sold for Rs 1 lakh and fair babies
for Rs1.5 lakh, newborn boys with a dark complexion would be sold for Rs 2 lakh
and fair ones for higher than Rs 2 lakh. The racket had been existing for the
past three years and involved a dozen of nursing homes in Kolkata.

The racket sold newborns not just across the country in cities like Mumbai and
Delhi, but also spread its arms across the United States and the United Kingdom.
"Several NGOs would get in touch with the agents here. Agents, in turn, would
get in touch with the nursing home staff and pay them a huge commission. Dozens
of nursing homes across Kolkata are involved in the racket. The newborns have
been sold in Delhi and Mumbai. Sources are telling us that some have been sold
in the UK and USA too," said a senior official of CID.

The network was uncovered on Tuesday when CID officials raided a nursing home at
Baduria in North 24 Parganas. Acting on a tip-off, the raid led them to this
racket. The police recovered two newborns, wrapped in cotton sheets and placed
in a biscuit carton, ready to be handed over to a childless couple.

"While the racket began with the targeting of unmarried mothers, who were paid
huge amounts of cash, they later moved on to cheating parents of the newborn. We
suspect more NGOs and nursing homes are involved in the racket," added Meena.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 22, 2007 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Photographer traded racket for camera

BYLINE: DEB PETERSON

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 592 words


GW BURNS

AGE: 50

GENERAL: Art and glamour photographer whose work has appeared in such
high-profile magazines as GQ, Maxim and FHM, and will soon be seen in Playboy.

FAMILY: Divorced with two daughters, Danielle, 19, and Lauren, 17, who live with
their mother in Dallas. Parents are Jack and Joanne Burns, both retired. Jack
lives in St. Louis and Joanne lives in Florida. GW is an only child.

EDUCATION: Christian Brothers College High School, graduated in 1975; St. Mary's
University in San Antonio, undergraduate degree in political science, 1979.

---

What does GW stand for?

Gregory William. Nothing weird. It's just that when I started to want a
professional name, Greg Burns didn't have that ring. GW Burns sounded better to
me.

What were you planning to do with a poli-sci degree?

Go to law school.

Why didn't you?

I went to St. Mary's to play tennis. I ended up playing number one for them.
After college I had an opportunity to pursue tennis and I played professionally
for about a year and a half.

How did you do?

I got my brains beat out.

What did you do after that?

I turned to teaching tennis, and I taught for 27 years. I finished up as tennis
director at St. Alban's Country Club and the Creve Coeur Racquet Club.

Did you teach all those years in St. Louis?

No, I was in Texas until 1992, when I came back here to be the pro at what was
then the Town & Country Racquet Club.

How did you ever go from tennis pro to professional photographer?

I always had a penchant for art. I minored in art in college. When I was a kid
I'd pick up a Playboy and I'd say I could do that. I knew that I could. I'm a
little obsessive-compulsive and when I started shooting (taking pictures) I'd
shoot anything and everything. It was like when I started out in tennis. I
practiced five to six hours a day.

To most men I guess it would sound as though you have a perfect job - taking
pictures of beautiful women in exotic places and in various stages of undress.
Is it as good as it sounds?

It's great but it is a lot of work. My thing is always how do I separate myself
from the crowd. I like to think it's my creativity, so I look for unique or
different concepts and try to put a little bit of a slant on what is considered
normal nude photography.

How do you come up with those unique concepts?

I get dreams about images. I get ideas from art and nature - from films. All
over the place. It's also totally important to have good models. I really try to
glorify women and not to exploit them. I'm pretty good with making models feel
comfortable.

Is it difficult to work with naked women?

I do a lot of the same things I did when I was teaching tennis. I primarily
taught women how to play and I would have to help them position their arms and
their hands and their bodies. It's the same thing with photography in many ways,
except many of the women I work with are nude.

Is it easy to keep your objectivity about a picture while you're shooting it?

I shoot as a professional. I critique as a man.

Are you interested in other types of photography?

Yes, I'm open to all sorts of things. Even though I've made a niche in doing
this, that doesn't preclude me from being interested in doing more mainstream
work, and that includes fashion.

A few personal questions here - what was the last best book you read?

It would probably be something from the photo shelf. But a novel, I guess "The
Da Vinci Code."

Movie?

I love "The Last of the Mohicans." I'll watch that over and over. I also really
liked "Jerry Maguire."

What do you drive?

A BMW Z3. It's a '98 black convertible. I have a van for work.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Close Up

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - GW BURNS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: PROFILE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Greg's Racquet Works

                                 P.O. Box 1663
                             Twain Harte,  CA 95383
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (209) 605-9081
URL: www.gregsrw.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Greg has over forty years of Tennis experience and he has extensive
experience coaching youth. He was born in the Bay Area and started playing
tennis prior to entering high school. He played at Oakland Technical H.S. and
Merritt Junior College. You will usually find him playing a few times a week on
the Phoenix Lake courts and the new Summerville H.S. courts.  He still plays 2-3
tournaments a year around the state. He has been an assistant tennis coach at
Summerville H.S since 1995. Prior to that, he coached J.V. and Varsity baseball
for nine years at Summerville H.S. He also coached Soccer and Little League
baseball in Tuolumne Co.  Greg has been stringing tennis racquets since 1997 and
started his business (Greg's Racquet Works) out of his home in 2001. This is
when he started carrying Volkl tennis racquets and related products by Volkl. He
belongs to the USRSA (United States Racquet Stringing Association) and is a
certified teaching professional through the PTR, (Professional Tennis Registry).

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                               May 9, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tennis, everyone? Having a racket seems to be in vogue

BYLINE: Adrian Dater The Denver Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-16

LENGTH: 968 words


Tennis is not as popular as in its heyday of the 1970s and 1980s, when John
McEnroe, Bjorn Borg, Andre Agassi, Jimmy Connors, Martina Navratilova, Steffi
Graf and Chris Evert were worldwide, A-list sporting celebrities.

But tennis has enjoyed a resurgence. The Williams sisters - Venus and Serena -
and men's stars Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal have kept the sport in the
limelight.

Perhaps because of the sluggish economy, participation in tennis is up locally
and nationally, while participation in more expensive sports such as golf is
down. According to the Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association (SGMA), U.S.
player participation in tennis rose 43 percent from 2000-08, with 27 million
players listed in 2008 - the highest number in 15 years. The number of frequent
players, defined as 21 or more times per year, rose to 5.6 million in 2008, up
23 percent from five years earlier. The 2008 SGMA report said participation in
golf dropped nearly 20 percent, to 26 million people.

The U.S. Tennis Association says the number of players in the country exceeds 30
million.

In Denver, several quality tennis facilities are available to use. Some, such as
the Denver Tennis Club, are privately run. Some, such as the Gates Tennis
Center, are public facilities that have numerous programs for players of all
abilities, including beginners.

``It's an affordable, local outlet for people who want to have some fun, play a
sport and get some exercise at the same time,'' said Sam Hitman, director of
tennis at Gates. ------------ Beginner programs

Some of the most affordable and varied tennis programs for beginners and casual
players are at the Gates Tennis Center. Among them are:

Spring singles ladder: Until May 30, players can participate in a daily, ladder
format against players of their caliber. The fee for the season is $12. If
you're a complete beginner, you would play in the 2.5 level. They go up to 5.0.
The top eight players in each level compete for prizes in a tournament.

Free tennis clinics: Every third Saturday of the month, through Sept. 25, Gates
offers free lessons from 6-8 p.m. (limit two free clinics per person per
summer).

Denver Swingers: With an accent on meeting new people, including an après tennis
gathering, Gates offers "Denver Swingers" every Sunday from 5:30-7:30 p.m.

Top Dog Doubles: Go to Gates on Monday-Thursday by 8 p.m., meet a new person and
play doubles. Drop-in rate is $15, or a summer pass for $145. Information:

www.gatestenniscenter.info.

At the higher financial end are clinics and tennis camps at the Broadmoor Tennis
Club in Colorado Springs. The Broadmoor's teaching staff was recently voted best
in the country by Tennis Magazine. Semi-private or private lessons run $50 to
$80 per hour. Weekend tennis camps, including room and board, can run as high as
$1,310 for a single person. -------------- If you're just starting out ...

What can I expect to pay for a new racket? As with most sports equipment, you
can spend a little or a lot. A good, new beginner's racket - such as the Prince,
Head, Wilson and Babolat brands - is likely to cost $75 to $100. Gates Tennis
Center has a quality entry-level Prince racket for $99, which come with a choice
of an article of tennis clothing. And there are used rackets for as little at
$10 on sale. Internet sites and newspaper classifieds have numerous rackets at
bargain prices. A can of tennis balls costs about $2 at discount department
stores.

How much to restring my racket? Prices usually start at about $22 for a
"synthetic gut" of string, done by a sporting goods store staffer or a pro shop
staffer at a club.

What about tennis shoes? They can vary as well, but most new, quality tennis
sneakers will run a minimum of $40 and can exceed $100.

I have my new racket, sneakers and tennis balls, where can I play? There are
numerous courts free and open to the public in the Denver area, often found at
parks and high schools. There are several tennis establishments in the area and
state. In Denver, Gates Tennis Center is the largest public facility. Located at
the intersection of Bayaud Avenue and Steele Street in Cherry Creek, the
facility underwent a $4 million renovation two years ago and offers numerous
programs for players of all levels.

The Denver Tennis Club, at 400 Forest St., is a private club that requires
membership but has affordable rates for the casual player who wants to play
seasonally. Other private facilities catering to tennis include the Greenwood
Athletic and Tennis Club, the Millennium Harvest House in Boulder and the
Broomfield Swim and Tennis Club. -------------- Prominent Colorado facilities

Facility....Location....Phone ....

Gates Tennis Center....Denver ....303-355-4461....

Denver Tennis Club....Denver ....303-322-4524....

Millennium Harvest House....Boulder ....303-443-3850....

Colorado Athletic Club....Denver....303-758-7080....

Meadow Creek Tennis and Fitness....Lakewood ....303-232-6272....

Broomfield Swim and Tennis Club....Broomfield ....303-466-5100....

Lynmar Racquet & Health Club....Colorado Springs ....719-598-7075....

The Broadmoor Tennis Club....Colorado Springs ....719-577-5847....

The Tennis Center ....Steamboat Springs ....970-879-8400....

Arvada Tennis Center....Arvada ....303-420-1210....

Holly Tennis Center....Centennial ....303-771-3654....

----------------------------------------

Top tournaments in Colorado

Date....Tournament....Location

June 11-13 ....Gates Spring Ladder Classic ....Gates Tennis Center

June 16-20 ....U.S. Open National Playoffs ....Gates Tennis Center

June 18-27 ....94th Denver City Open ....Denver Tennis Club

July 23-27 ....Denver Junior City Open ....Denver Tennis Club

Aug. 7-15 ....Boulder Open ....Millennium Harvest House

Aug. 20-22 ....Gates Summer Ladder Classic....Gates Tennis Center

Sept. 10-19 ....Colorado State Open....Gates Tennis Center

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 21, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

IT'S ALL FUN AND GAMES;
Veteran sports writer KEVIN FRANCIS will be covering his eighth summer Olympics
for the Daily Star. Here, he recalls some of the highs and lows of his previous
seven...

BYLINE: KEVIN FRANCIS

SECTION: LONDON 2012;SPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 481 words


FROM Rocket Man to Racket Man... it's been an Olympic odyssey of moments to
savour forever - with a few that should be consigned to the dustbin of history!

It all started for me with a neverto-forget opening ceremony at the Los Angeles
Games in 1984 when I rubbed my eyes in disbelief.

Just yards in front of me was the brilliantly-named Bill Scooter, flying on to
the track as Rocket Man with a jetpack on his back.

It could only have happened in the shadow of Hollywood and set the scene for the
most extravagant opening ceremony of them all.

And Racket Man? That's my name for the muscular Chinese chap who burst into my
hotel room at the Beijing Games four years ago "for a friendly chat".

He was apparently a member of the organising committee and held me responsible
for an unpaid hotel bill.

All of my paperwork was in order, but Racket Man had only one aim - to lighten
my wallet to the tune of £2,000.

The friendly chat turned very nasty as he threatened to have me kicked out of
the hotel on to the streets - with two weeks of the Games remaining.

Greatest

After threatening him with plenty of bad publicity, I eventually got rid of him.

Thankfully, such moments have been rare in the seven Olympics I have covered,
where the overall helpfulness of the host cities has invariably been the
greatest memory.

Mind you, the organisational ability hasn't always been there. Take Atlanta in
1996, for instance.

They were, without doubt, the most badly-organised Olympics that I have ever
attended. It was chaos from start to finish.

Transportation was deplorable with bus drivers literally being bussed into the
Georgia city from all over the United States.

They had no idea where they were going, which meant athletes, officials and
journalists regularly found themselves heading in the wrong direction.

I was once on a bus that got stuck under a canopy outside a hotel while the
female driver of another bus just stopped and ran away screaming after she got
hopelessly lost.

While Atlanta was the worst of the Games I have been to, Sydney in 2000 stands
out as the best of them all.

There was an amazing feel about the whole Sydney experience that other Games
cities - Atlanta excluded - came close to matching, but never quite succeeded.

The organisation and atmosphere was superb, particularly in the Olympic stadium
on the night when Cathy Freeman struck 400m gold for Australia.

Other golden highlights of my seven include watching Seb Coe and Daley Thompson
take the honours in LA in the 1500m and decathlon.

Then, of course, there was Steve Redgrave winning gold medals at five successive
Games from 1984 to 2000. He's been going nearly as long as me!

In my first-ever Games, there was Carl Lewis emulating the feat of Jesse Owens
by winning four golds.

Now I head for London where, fingers crossed, we can stage a Games to be proud
of - an Olympic spectacle to knock Sydney off the top of my list!

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AUSSIE DARLING: It's 400m gold for local lass Cathy Freeman at Sydney
2000
OFF TO A FLIER: Bill Scooter rises to the occasion at LA in 1984
GOLD STARS: Carl Lewis and Daley Thompson celebrate gold at LA in 1984

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2012 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

All Ages Embrace Pickleball

BYLINE: Claudia W. Esbenshade

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 349  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

Every Tuesday afternoon, an enthusiastic group of men and women can be found
lobbing a whiffle ball over a lowered badminton net at the Elizabethtown Senior
Center.

The members of this group are playing pickleball, which is slowly gaining a
devoted following from old and young looking for a low-impact sport to enjoy.
Pickleball even has a national organization and is an official game in the
Senior Games, locally and nationally.

The game, named after the originator's dog, is a combination of tennis,
badminton and pingpong.

According to the USA Pickleball Association, teams consist of two players on a
court half the size of a regular tennis court. The plastic pickleball, which is
like a Wiffle Ball of hard plastic with holes in it, is volleyed back and forth
across a short net using flat wooden racquets that are slightly larger than
pingpong paddles, but smaller than tennis racquets.

"It's like you are standing on the table for pingpong," said Tom Devoe, 64, who
travels to the Elizabethtown center from Middletown every week for pickleball
and badminton play. Pickleball also takes place at the Lititz Rec Center.

While pickleball might resemble tennis, it's much easier on the knees, less
physically demanding and has the added benefit of plenty of social time,
according to participants.

"It is so much fun to play and we really don't take it too seriously," said
six-year pickleball player Pat Wood, 80, of Elizabethtown.

"I think it helps to keep me young," Wood added.

Although pickleball is not a fast-moving game like badminton or tennis, it does
require eye/hand coordination as the whiffle ball doesn't have a lot of speed
when hit. It's a game of strategy, according to Devoe.

"The ball is really unpredictable and it doesn't always go where you want it to
go," Wood said.

Played until a score of 11, the pick-up game provides not only camaraderie for
the players but a way to keep active indoors.

"I played softball up until two years ago," said 73-year-old Dawn Kerns of East
Petersburg. "But I had to stop because everyone was getting hurt falling.

Cesbenshade@Lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff Pickleball Players Use A Large Paddle That Is Smaller Than A
Badminton Racquet, But Larger Than A Table Tennis Paddle, And A Hard Plastic
Ball With Holes In It. The Game Is Played On A Modified Badminton Court, Such As
This One At Lititz Rec Center. Richard Hertzler
Pickleball, A Combination Of Tennis, Badminton And Pingpong, Has Grown In
Popularity With Young And Old At The Lititz Recreation Center On Tuesday And
Friday Mornings.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            October 11, 2005 Tuesday

GIRLS TENNIS;
All-American event in the right place

BYLINE: By MIGUEL A. MELENDEZ , The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 366 words


It's no secret Orange County is loaded with talented high school tennis players.

So it's fitting the first All-American Girls Team Tennis Tournament will be at
Corona del Mar.

The tournament begins Friday with first matches played at 11 a.m. at several
sites -- Balboa Bay Club Racquet Club in Newport Beach, Costa Mesa Tennis
Center, Los Caballeros Racquet & Sports Club in Fountain Valley, Corona del Mar
High, University High and Racquet Club of Irvine -- and will conclude with
Saturday's championship match at Balboa Bay at approximately 4:30 p.m.

The 16-team tournament includes eight county teams: No. 1 Laguna Beach, No. 2
Troy, No. 3 Dana Hills, No. 4 Corona del Mar, No. 6 Mater Dei, No. 10 Sage Hill,
El Toro and Santa Margarita. There will also be two CIF-Southern Section
perennial powers -- Santa Barbara and Peninsula of Rolling Hills Estates -- and
six non-county schools: Menlo of Atherton, Torrey Pines of San Diego, Monte
Vista of Cupertino, Saratoga, La Quinta of La Quinta and Mira Costa of Manhattan
Beach.

The tournament will use a college format, which consists of six singles and
three doubles matches with the first to reach five points the winner.

``This tournament will bring some of the best and rising high school tennis
teams in California,'' Corona del Mar coach and tournament coordinator Brian
Ricker said.

Sage Hill coach A.G. Longoria said his team was thrilled to be invited.

(714) 796-7804 or mmelendez@ocregister.com

Athlete of the week

Lisa Hardebeck

El Modena

The sophomore swept without losing a match at No. 1 singles Thursday in the 11-7
victory over Canyon, and she took two of three sets Monday against Century
League foe Villa Park. The Vanguards improved to 10-0 overall and are the early
favorites to take the league title with a 4-0 league record.

O.C. Top 10

1. Laguna Beach (Pacific Coast) 2. Troy (Freeway) 3. Dana Hills (South Coast) 4.
Corona del Mar (Pacific Coast) 5. Newport Harbor (Sea View) 6. Mater Dei (Serra)
7. Los Alamitos (Sunset) 8. Woodbridge (Sea View) 9. Northwood (Pacific Coast)
10. El Modena (Century) 10. Sage Hill (Academy)

Note: Coaches are encouraged to report scores as soon as possible to ensure that
results appear in the Register.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 5, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Head Sport found dies at 76

BYLINE: Carol Herwig

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 136 words


A memorial service for Howard Head will be at 11 a.m. Thursday (EST) at St.
Mary's Seminary in Baltimore. Head, an aircraft engineer who invented the
aluminum ski and founded Head Sport and then came out of retirement to create
the oversized Prince tennis racket, died Sunday after quad-
ruple heart bypass surgery.

Head, 76, is survived by his wife, Martha, a daughter by a previous marriage and
three stepdaughters.

Baltimore ad man Hal Donofrio got to know Head after he developed the oversized
racket. ''Because he couldn't ski as well as he thought he should,'' said
Donofrio, ''he assumed there was something wrong with the skis.''

Head developed the oversized racket because his racket kept twisting in his
hand, creating off-balance shots. ''He hit a lot of off-balance shots,'' said
Donofrio.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sportstalk

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 29, 1994, Tuesday, City Edition

STEP BY STEP

BYLINE: SALLY ANDERSON

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; SENIORITY; STEP BY STEP; Pg. 10G

LENGTH: 730 words



   Once you have mastered the basic strokes of tennis - the forehand,  backhand,
volley, lob, serve and overhead - and have developed the good  footwork, the fun
has just begun. One of the most important keys to playing  good tennis, and one
of the most frustrating, is consistency: being able to  keep the ball in
continual play and being in control of the direction you want  the ball to go.

Some people want to go at tennis with a vengeance and hit the ball with all  the
strength they can muster, only to find that, after hitting several good  shots,
the majority of their returns never make it over the net. To develop
consistency, you need to reach the point where you can hit and keep the ball  in
play (going over the net and into the court) at least 20 or 30 consecutive
times. Here are three drills for developing that skill:

1. Have somebody drop you a ball in front of your foot or use a ball  machine.
Concentrate on watching the ball without moving your head and aim to  hit the
ball over the net. When you miss one, begin again. Try to build to  where you
can hit 20 balls over the net without missing.

2. With a ball machine or dropping the ball slightly in front of your foot,  hit
one forehand cross-court, followed by one forehand down the line. Continue  to
alternate these shots until you have sent the ball in the right direction  for
20 successful times.

3. Hit the ball against time. You will need either an experienced player to  hit
with you or a ball machine that will keep feeding you the balls. Try to  keep
the ball in play for three minutes, increasing to five minutes. As your  ability
improves, increase the time limit. Do not try to power the ball at  this time;
you're aiming for steadiness.

   Forehand preparation: the first shot you should learn. An eastern forehand
grip is recommended for beginners. This grip will give you more control. It
keeps the face of the racquet parallel to the net, making it easier for the
beginner to get the ball over the net. Simply pretend that you are shaking
hands with the racquet and you will be in position for the eastern grip. Shift
your weight to the back foot, taking the racquet back to about waist level.
Have a slight bend to wrist as you are taking the racquet back; shoulders and
hips should automatically turn sideways to the net.

Forehand contact with ball: As you shift your weight from the back foot to  the
front foot, bring the racquet face slightly across the body, keeping  elbows
close to the body. Try to meet the ball in front of you, in line with  your
front foot. As the racquet makes contact with the ball, have the racquet  face
flat (face of racquet flat against the ball, not tilted up or down). Have  the
racquet meet the ball about 1 foot in front of your lead foot. Keep a firm
wrist and maintain eye/ball contact.

Forehand follow through: As the racquet makes contact with the ball, keep  the
racquet face flat and continue your swing out toward the net. Your arm and
racquet will be pointing out a little above shoulder level; have the feeling  of
pointing up and over the net.

Tip box

   1. Maintain your balance. Avoid leaning or falling into the ball when you
are hitting it; avoid reaching and hitting the ball too far in front of you.

2. Prepare for your shot. As soon as the ball leaves your opponent's  racquet,
prepare for your shot return; take the racquet back as you are moving  to get to
the ball.

3. Stroke smoothly and follow through. The weight transfer from the back  foot
to the front foot should feel very natural; your weight should  automatically
shift forward as you hit and follow through with the stroke.

4. As soon as you hit the ball, recover and be ready for the next shot.

5. Keep your eyes on the ball and do not lift your head up when you hit the
ball.

6. Train yourself to relax your mind, body and swing, letting the racquet  do
the work.

7. Take small, quick shuffle steps when moving to return shots.

8. Always move on the balls of your feet with knees slightly bent; try to  be
light on your feet.

9. Do not stand flat-footed at any time; keep your feet moving lightly  between
shots.  Text: SALLY ANDERSON

Model: Tom Dabney

Photos: Maurice Rivenbark

Source: Sam Vuille, Lakewood Country Club tennis pro

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, MAURICE RIVENBARK, (3); Tom Dabney demonstrates
tennis forehand preparation; Tom Dabney demonstrates forehand contact with the
ball.; Tom Dabney demonstrates forehand follow-through.

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            October 1, 2005 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

USTA Men's 50 event returns Oct. 9-16

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 613 words


It has been around for almost 40 years and the tournament at the Sarasota Bath
and Racquet Club continues to be one of the most popular stops on the national
senior tour.

The USTA National Men's 50 Clay Court Championships will be held at the Bath and
Racquet Club on Oct. 9-16. Entry deadline for the ITF Vets Circuit tournament is
6 p.m. Sunday.

The annual tournament brings together most of the top 50-over players from
across the country as well as several local players. Tournament director Penny
Wagstaff expects this year's field to be as strong as ever.

When the tournament began 39 years ago, it was for players 45-over. Bath and
Racquet Club founder Ken Wagstaff not only was the host but he played in it as
well, often challenging for the title. Back then, entries were either mailed or
hand-delivered.

Today, most of the entries are completed on the internet.

The tournament has singles and doubles divisions. The entry fee is $70 for
singles, $35 for doubles, or $100 for both singles and doubles.

Defending champion Fred Robinson returns and will be the No. 1 seed, according
to Penny Wagstaff. Robinson beat John Peckscamp in last year's final. Palmetto's
Dan McClure lost in the round of 16 a year ago and is a threat this time.

Larry Turville, who won the tournament two years ago, returns to play doubles
with Dan Bohannon this year.

The tournament is open to the public at no cost. Call the Bath and Racquet at
921-6675 for more information.

Seventh at Seven auction

When Julie London and friends decided to help hurricane victims, they thought of
having a tennis event. The logistics of putting together a tournament in a short
period of time proved too daunting, but they came up with another plan.

The group will hold a silent auction and party at the Sarasota Bath and Racquet
Courtside Cafe. To make certain that people can mark it on their calendars, the
event is called the Seventh at Seven Tennis and Friends Fundraiser for Hurricane
Relief.

That's Seventh at Seven, as in Oct. 7 at 7 p.m.

Admisson is $15 but those who donate items before Oct. 5 can attend at no cost.
Donation forms are available at most area tennis clubs. Items can be dropped off
at the following Sarasota sites: Courtside Cafe; Marise Art Gallery, 6505
Gateway Ave.; The Center For Sight, 3534 Osprey Ave. Items can be dropped off in
Englewood at the Englewood Tennis Club. The mailing address is: Tennis Player
and Friends Relief Fund, 5000 Riverwood Ave., Sarasota, FL 34231.

To donate items or provide sponsorship, contact London at 927-8414.

Fund-raiser for teaching pro

Serendipity Racquet Club will be host to a Hurricane Katrina Lesson for Gary
event Oct. 15. The fund-raiser will benefit Gary Borurgeois, a teaching pro who
lost most of his possessions when Katrina hit Mississippi.

Borurgeois has taught tennis around the world and worked as a teacher at the
Serendipity 2005 junior summer camp. He is also the men's and women's tennis
coach at Mississippi Coast Community College in Gulfport, Miss.

Cost for the fund-raiser is $50 per person, $240 for a group of six. Call
Serendipity at 922-1591 for more information.

Gutsche, Berg win titles

Nicholas Gutsche of Sarasota teamed with Wesley Chapel's Paul Polarczyk recently
to win the Boys 14-Under title at the USA Tennis Florida State Doubles
Championship tournament in Daytona Beach.

Gutsche and Polarczyk lost just one game until the final then beat Adam
Bernstein and Jesse Feder 8-5 for the title.

Gutsche, who placed third in mixed doubles, is coached by John Janes and also
works with Laurel Oak Country Club tennis director Ty Braswell.

Lakewood Ranch's Timmy Berg won the state 12s title, teaming with Kosuke
Hasegawa of Wesley Chapel.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 16, 1981 Thursday

COMMENT   Don Fontana right again:   watchers pick up things

BYLINE: BOB RIFE; GAM

LENGTH: 696 words


By  BOB RIFE
    THERE HAVE BEEN changes recently in what has at times seemed the
 unchanging world of tennis.

Example: the yellow ball has replaced the white as standard in almost
 all areas of play.
    "Everywhere except at Wimbledon," said Don Fontana, newest addition to
 The Globe and Mail's Recreation pages. The tennis consultant who played
 nine years for Canada's Davis Cup team explained that the yellow ball is
 much easier to see when it's in play. He said that Britain's Wimbledon,
 the hallowed home of tennis remains a holdout because "they insist a white
 ball appears better against their green grass."
    Fontana is a Toronto native who played his first tennis at Davisville
 Park in what was then north Toronto. He later played almost everywhere in
 the world, "Wimbledon, Europe, Japan, Indian, Hawaii, but not Australia."
    Why not there, a place that bred some of the greatest of tennis stars?
    "I really don't know. For some reason it didn't interest me. And it
 was a long, expensive trip."
    Fontana was also playing captain of Canada's Davis Cup team for a year
 - a sort of playing manager and coach. Then he began giving something back
 to the game he loves, serving as Canada's non-playing team captain for
 three more years.

Ruminating about Jack Kramer and Pancho Gonzales, players who probably
 influenced him, he said, "They were great. "Like (Rod) Laver and (Ken)
 Rosewall - gentlemen of the court. They gave so much to the game."
    Fontana is slim and tall. The racquet he swings looks a little odd,
 large.

A question. "Is that racquet of yours really as big as it seems, or . .
 . ?
    "Nothing wrong with your eyes," Fontana said, bringing the racquet
 closer, for inspection. "It's an oversize - the Prince. I've been using it
 for more than a year now. Never be without it."
    Oversize it was, half again larger than a conventional racquet. "It has
 a bigger sweet spot - that place around the middle of the strings where
 your hits really zip. It's another of the recent changes.
    "There are also mid-size racquets - a little smaller than this model,
 but still larger than a standard. They were introduced for those persons
 perhaps a little embarrassed, possibly intimidated by the oversize ones.
    "Oddly, it's one part of the game where there are no restrictions.
 Nothing limits racquet size or design - yet.
    "There's an even larger racquet than the Prince. It's called a Weed.
 And there are all kinds of shapes. I saw a square model at a recent
 sporting goods show in the States, and another that looked just like a big
 snowshoe.
    "There are so many companies, so many models, types and designs, it's a
 real marketing jungle. You wonder where it will end. I'd hate to be a
 beginner trying, with no help, to pick out my first tennis racquet.
    "There's the metal-wood controversy - whether, for example a light,
 thin, graphite racquet designed with a hole at the throat just above the
 handle, offers less air resistance, really gets you around faster."
    Around faster?
    "Lets you hit a harder shot. Some top players use metal for that
 reason. But not (Bjorn) Borg, the world's best. He likes and uses a wooden
 racquet. How do you argue with that?
    "Then there was that recent spaghetti-stringing business, where
 racquets were strung to give an almost macrame effect. It gave players
 such a tremendous edge in top spin that those ranked in the 100s were
 upsetting people in the top 20. There were no rules on it, at first. It
 became so obvious, so ridiculous it was finally outlawed."
    Fontana took a practice swing with his racquet, anxious to get on with
 the match. "I love the game, play as much as I can each day." He swung
 viciously  at an imaginary ball. "I like the competition.
    "But I also like to watch. It's amazing how much you can learn by
 watching top players, persons such as (Chris) Evert Lloyd, (John) McEnroe
 and (Jimmie) Connors. You pick up something every time."
    Fontana served.

The ball rocketed to the far court past his opponent.

It happened quite a few more times.

Spectators playing the neck-swinging game at mid-court found they did
 in truth pick up something watching good players.
    . . .a crick in the neck.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 22, 2008 Thursday

Blast athletic center to get new home: It is expected to acquire Yorktowne
Racquet, Fitness and Sports Complex.

BYLINE: Jessica Milcetich, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


May 22--By the end of the month, Heritage Hills Golf Resort and Conference
Center and the Blast are expected to acquire Yorktowne Racquet, Fitness and
Sports Complex, said Matt DeRose, a general partner at Heritage Hills.

The operation will be called The Blast at Heritage Hills, and be housed in
Yorktowne's East Prospect Road facility in York Township.

All the sporting events previously offered at the Blast will continue, said
Renny Picchini, co-owner of the Blast. This includes leagues in soccer,
basketball, lacrosse, field hockey, volleyball and the Kidz Blast.

The old Blast facility on Grumbacher Road in Manchester Township closed after
the winter session ended in March to prepare for the move to the new facility.

"We're making every effort to be open for Blast operations by the fall,"
Picchini said.

In order for that to happen, the facility will undergo significant renovations
and upgrades, Picchini said.

The racquet and fitness center currently offers a variety of sports and exercise
equipment, including weights, cardio equipment, group fitness classes,
volleyball and tennis courts.

"All the activities currently at the racquet and fitness center are planned at
this point to remain," DeRose said. "Some will be at lesser capacity in order to
make room."

The number of tennis courts will be reduced, DeRose said, but he didn't know how
many, or if the change would be permanent.

The plans for the new look of the facility are not yet finalized, Picchini

said. DeRose added the new business plan would be completed by the end of the
summer.

Yorktowne Racquet and Fitness owner Joe Glitz declined comment.

jmilcetich@ydr.com; 771-2029

To see more of the York Daily Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ydr.com. Copyright (c) 2008, York Daily Record, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080522-YO-Blast-athletic-center-to-get-new-home-0522

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2008 York Daily Record


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            December 4, 1989 Monday
                                  Late Edition

MCENROE SAYS RACQUETS HAVE UNHEALTHY POWER

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 282 words


NEW YORK, Sunday: John McEnroe, who bowed out of the Masters tennis championship
yesterday, says there is an unhealthy power surge in the men's game due to the
advent of big racquets.

McEnroe, who was beaten in the Masters semi-finals 6-4 6-4 by West Germany's
Boris Becker, reiterated a long-held position that some changes in racquet
development were not in the best interests of the game.

"Well, I said that before when it first happened," the 30-year-old McEnroe said
about the shift from wood to metal racquets and the subsequent increase in size
of the racquet face.

"They already let the cat out of the bag. By doing what they have done they have
changed the game."

Against Becker, McEnroe looked lost at times at the net as passing shots he
might once have put away instead sputtered off the edge of his racquet.

Becker can make anyone look slow, especially a veteran player, but McEnroe
insisted he was speaking about the broader effect of the new racquet technology.

"I do feel in the next 10 years they need to do something," he said, referring
to rules makers. "It is just too much, an awful lot of power to contend with.

"I'm not talking about Becker. He knows how to serve and he will always serve as
big or bigger than anyone.

"He is not just a pure power server. That is what makes his serve so great. He
is able to hit slices and mix up his pace a little bit."

As for his own aspirations, McEnroe admitted that he had a battle on his hands
in trying to catch up with Becker and Ivan Lendl, of Czechoslovakia.

"I want to make a little more of a challenge to those guys next year,"McEnroe
said.

Lendl was below his peak in losing to Sweden's Stefan Edberg 7-6 7-5 in the
other semi-final.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: John McEnroe eyes a shop headed his way from Boris Becker: 'It's
like facing the firing squad,' he said of his opponent.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 6, 2012 Wednesday

HardKohr to sell business to Heritage Hills

BYLINE: Ashley M. Wislock and Sean Adkins, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


June 06--YORK, Pa. --

HardKohr Sports & Fitness in York Township will soon be under Heritage Hills
ownership, said Matt DeRose, owner of Heritage Hills.

Owner Jim Kohr sent out an email message shortly before 10 a.m. letting members
know that he plans to sell his business to Heritage Hills Golf Resort &
Conference Center, with whom he had been locked in a four-year legal battle.

"I have tried my best at making this business successful," stated Kohr in the
email. "I have had so many people help me financially along the way, for that I
am grateful.

"I feel horrible about the situation. I will work at paying off my debts, but
please be patient as I figure out the best course of action. I am sure many of
my financial supporters are anxious to see some type of re-payment plan. I want
you all to know that I used your money in good faith when I thought I had the
financing in place and was ready to move forward."

Kohr said his financing fell through one day before he planned to buy the
building in which his club his based.

HardKohr and Heritage Hills have sparred over the building, at 2810 East
Prospect Road, since 2008, when Kohr purchased the Yorktowne Racquet, Fitness
and Sports Complex, which operates on Heritage Hills property.

DeRose said the lease for Yorktowne Raquet had been terminated; Kohr said he
believed the lease was still good for five years.

What ensued was a lengthy legal battle, during which Heritage Hills attempted to
get HardKohr evicted from the property. A judge denied that motion in June 2009.

Operations at HardKohr will continue as normal under Kohr's business, DeRose
said. "Right now, the plan is to maintain the club as it exists today through
end of the summer," he said.

Once the legal paperwork goes through, the fitness center will come under the
Heritage Hills name, DeRose said. The building will be used for tennis and
fitness long-term.

DeRose said he is "relieved" the four-and-a-half year legal sparring over the
property is finally coming to a close.

"We're excited about opportunity," he said. "It's a shame that (Heritage Hills)
and Jim Kohr had to go through all this."

DeRose didn't know how long it would take for the club to transition to Heritage
Hills ownership, but said the process should be "fairly quick."

Details of the court case:

In June 2008, Kohr bought Yorktowne Racquet & Fitness Club, which eventually
became Hardkohr Sports & Fitness.

Almost immediately, both Kohr and Heritage Hills, the owner of the building
which houses the club, fell into a dispute over the lease agreement regarding
the property. At the time, Heritage Hills stated that it had terminated
Yorktowne Racquet's lease agreement during the same period that Kohr was
finalizing his plans to buy the business.

Both Kohr and Heritage Hills turned to the York County Court of Common Pleas to
settle the dispute.

From June 2008 through June 2010, Yorktowne Racquet underpaid its rent owed to
Heritage Hills, according to court document. In addition, Yorktowne Racquet
failed to pay rent for April, May and June 2010.

Based on that default, Heritage Hill again terminated the lease on July 2, 2010
and stated that Yorktowne Racquet was in debt for $52,648.56, according to court
documents.

In November 2011, Heritage Hills filed a complaint with the York County Court of
Common Pleas claiming that Yorktowne Racquet is liable to Heritage Hills for
$193,982.22.

That amount represents the balance of the principle of a 2003 loan that
Yorktowne Racquet agreed to pay the original owner of the land at 2810 E.
Prospect Road. That land was eventually sold to Heritage Hills.

Read some of the past coverage on this issue.

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120606-YO-HardKohr-to-sell-business-to-Heritage-Hills-0606-20120606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      April 14, 2005 Thursday Home Edition

DeKalb at Play: PROUD MOMENTS

BYLINE: MICHELLE WILSON

SECTION: DeKalb; Pg. 9JB;

LENGTH: 449 words


Local tennis clubs show their stuff

Mainstreet Swim and Tennis won its second straight city championship in ALTA's
senior mixed doubles league. Winning pairs in the finals were Julius Morton and
Cliff Leeh-Owens, Larryette Kyle and Marsha Jackson, and Rendell Robinson and
Patrice Diamond. The team played at the B-3 level.

Other team members are Sherman Arnold, Carolyn Dyer, Mark Williams, Lance
Hammond, Otis Howard, Barbara Moorehead, Larry Shelly, Alliyah Slaton, Greg
Steward and Marge Stickel.

Other senior mixed teams winning titles were: AA-1, North Fulton Tennis Center;
AA-3, Four Seasons; A-1, Taylor Farm Park; A-3, East Roswell Park; A-5,
Rockbridge Swim and Racquet; A-7, Lake Washington; A-9, Forsyth Racquet Club;
B-1, Heritage Oaks; B-5, Richland; B-7, The Arbors; C-1, Belleterre; and C-3,
W.P. Jones Park.

River Club won the AA-1 mixed doubles city championship. Brookwood Hills was
runner-up. Other teams winning titles were: AA-2, Georgia Tech; AA-3, Doug Bowie
Tennis Center; A-1, Hampton Hall; A-2, Roswell Park; A-3, Dunwoody Country Club;
A-4, Camden Pointe; A-5, Grand Cascades; A-6, Sheffield Subdivision; A-7, South
Fulton Tennis Center; A-8, Jackson Creek; A-9, Georgia Perimeter College; B-1,
Glenn Abbey I; B-2, Legacy Park; B-3, Alpharetta North Park; B-4, The Falls of
Cherokee; B-5, White Columns Golf Club; B-6, Glen Abbey 1; B-7, Belfaire Park;
B-8, Woodmont Golf and Country Club; B-9, Sharon Springs Park; C-1, Fairmont;
C-2, Copper Creek; C-3, Crooked Creek; C-4, Turtle Creek; C-5, River Mist; and
C-6, Turtle Creek.

Cheerleading

The CheerTyme All-Stars finished first at the Cheersport competition at the
World Congress Center. Team members are Angienae Hart, Bria Price, Brittany Gay,
Kameron Denson, Chynna Allen, Destiny Redding, Jade Willis, Jenay Williams,
Jilani Jones, Javonna Carter, Tara Armstrong, Myriah Pointer, Omi Potts,
Victoria Bowden, Jasmine Dixon, Tempest Walker, Melissa Beckford, Meredith King,
Brittany Mahoney, Kortney Hunter, Soraya Brown, Blair Barlow, Jayla Belt and
coach Lisa Woodard.

Golf

Top teams in Sugar Creek Golf Club's two-man best ball April tournament were
Dana Willard and Jerry Gilmartin, Sheldon Pate and Tony Valerio, Matt O'Brien
and Porter Thomas, Sammy Walker and Nabeeti Nu'man, Gregg Thompson and Bob
Gardner, and James Montgomery and Sam Coley.

Weightlifting

Chandler Alford of Conyers won silver medals in the snatch, clean and jerk, and
total competitions at the Junior National Championships in St. Paul, Minn.

Let us hear from you

If you know someone who deserves recognition for a proud moment, send the
information in an e-mail to Michelle Wilson (mwilson@ajc.com).

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 15, 2008 Tuesday

When I fly to L.A., I pack my skepticism

BYLINE: JOHN DOYLE, jdoyle@globeandmail.com

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW COLUMN; TELEVISION: ON THE ROAD:THE TV CRITICS' TOUR;
Pg. R1

LENGTH: 791 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


I packed my bags Sunday night and flew to Los Angeles. Usual thing here. Sun,
heat, smog. And a couple of hundred TV critics at a nice hotel, trapped in the
bubble of fall-TV expectations and excitement for the next week.

Glamorous? Not really. As I proceeded to the airport, no heads turned. And there
were people out and about, including a mother and child. The small child failed
to tug on his mom's skirt and call out, "Mommy, mommy, look at the TV critic
going to L.A.!"

Among the things I packed was a touch of skepticism. It's most useful here.
Because the TV critics tour truly is a bubble, disconnected from reality. Often,
it's even disconnected from the reality of the TV racket. Like most conventions
or long industry shindigs, it has its own rituals, woes and irritations.

This year, the woes are more pronounced than ever. The TV-network racket is in
crisis. The writers strike had a more significant impact on the rigmarole of
making TV than most execs will admit, and overall viewership is down. The Screen
Actors Guild hasn't reached a deal with producers, and it's all very tense.
Simultaneously, the U.S. newspaper industry is in crisis. Some American critics
- and they are the vast majority here - are more worked up about their jobs and
the future of newspapers than they are intrigued by the shifting dynamics of TV.
From what I've been reading, most see all these print and TV issues as
interconnected.

The result is a lot of froth. Some coverage, especially the almost-instant
blogging, is cheerful fun. Other coverage is either addled or sullen. It's all,
"I'm psyched about this show ..." or "This sucks ..."

There's a reason why many U.S. newspapers are in ill health. They're not very
good. The writing and storytelling are bland and indifferent. The entertainment
racket tends to be covered in the most innocuous manner. Utter nonsense is
written about 10th-rate productions and written with enthusiasm. Too many people
who cover the entertainment racket prostrate themselves before it in advance of
writing anything. I'm not sure what motivates this.

This isn't exactly dangerous work, covering the TV racket. When Clive James was
signing off as TV columnist for an English newspaper, he wrote that the biggest
danger he had faced was spilling a drink on his lap when laughing at something.
It's worth keeping that in mind. Down here, the biggest danger is probably being
bamboozled to death by network spin.

There's a lot of spin and babble from inside the bubble of the press tour. The
trick, I think, is to avoid the babble. Me, I take the view that covering
television is less about covering an industry than it is about a genuine
emotional response to TV programs. My plan here is to offer you a genuine
emotional response to the tour, the shows being unveiled and make it
babble-free. I'm here for Fox, ABC, CBS, NBC and the little CW network, with
some cable thingies (the ones owned by the big networks) thrown in. There are
press conferences, set visits and parties.

Fox usually provides something interesting to watch, both in its shows and its
presentations. ABC is owned by Disney and likely to go all-Disney on the
critics, peddling some movie along with ABC shows. CBS is very corporate, windy
and stuffy. NBC is a network in terrible shape and likely to be the source of
some mockery by tired critics when the NBC presentation finally arrives.

But none of that is of much interest to anyone outside the bubble. I'll tell you
stories and you can make up your own mind about the significance of it all. I
promise not to write about getting a tote bag from some show, with a DVD and
some crayons inside. I promise not to be overly impressed.

The preceding was written just after I got here. Now, it's morning and I'm
watching local TV. There's a woman on Good Day L.A. telling me about the
weather. She looks like one of the Pussycat Dolls. I think already I miss
meteorologist Johanna Wagstaffe on Newsworld telling me about the weather in
Winnipeg.

Wait a minute, wait a minute ... there's one of the guys from Prison Break,
right there, in the hotel lobby. And, heavens to Betsy, there's Cat Deeley, host
of So You Think You Can Dance. She wants us to put our hands together for Matt
and Courtney, who are about to dance.

Mommy, Mommy, look at the host of the hottest summer show on TV! Calm down, kid,
don't babble.

*****

Airing tonight

UFOs: The Secret History (History, 8 p.m.) is a fine, funny but smart doc, made
by Canadian filmmaker David Cherniack, about the obsession with UFOs. He says
this defines the second half of the 20th century and a great deal of our culture
can be explained by looking at the phenomenon. Flying saucers. Big meaning. Who
knew?

J.D.

Check local listings.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday

Stout hoping to toast world success

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 239 words


Former Cheltenham College pupil James Stout  hopes to cap off the perfect year
by adding the World Rackets Singles Championship to his growing trophy cabinet
at The Queen's Club in London today.

Stout goes head-to-head with  world champion Harry Foster after sealing the
first leg of the competition in New York last Saturday.

Before that he was crowned US Open champion at singles and doubles  in January
and   clinched the  British Open title  in May.

His former mentor at Cheltenham College, master in charge of rackets, Karl Cook,
is crossing his fingers his prodigy can lift his third major title of the year.

"James' reputation as a squash player was already firmly in place when he
arrived at Cheltenham," he said. "He picked up the game of rackets
extraordinarily quickly, loving the speed and the angles involved.

"He was national schoolboy singles and doubles champion   in 2001 and 2002.

"The US triumph, however, really does elevate James to a top six position in the
world.

"His experience as  rackets and real tennis professional at the New York Tennis
and Rackets Club on Fifth Avenue, together with his past successes in squash,
seems a winning combination.

"All of us at Cheltenham College will be rooting for James and look forward to
him bringing home the world  title."

Rackets, an indoor game similar to squash,  originated  in the 18th century.
Cheltenham College is one of only 14 schools in the UK where rackets is played.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 32


                      Copyright 2008 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday

Stout hoping to toast world success

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 239 words


Former Cheltenham College pupil James Stout  hopes to cap off the perfect year
by adding the World Rackets Singles Championship to his growing trophy cabinet
at The Queen's Club in London today.

Stout goes head-to-head with  world champion Harry Foster after sealing the
first leg of the competition in New York last Saturday.

Before that he was crowned US Open champion at singles and doubles  in January
and   clinched the  British Open title  in May.

His former mentor at Cheltenham College, master in charge of rackets, Karl Cook,
is crossing his fingers his prodigy can lift his third major title of the year.

"James' reputation as a squash player was already firmly in place when he
arrived at Cheltenham," he said. "He picked up the game of rackets
extraordinarily quickly, loving the speed and the angles involved.

"He was national schoolboy singles and doubles champion   in 2001 and 2002.

"The US triumph, however, really does elevate James to a top six position in the
world.

"His experience as  rackets and real tennis professional at the New York Tennis
and Rackets Club on Fifth Avenue, together with his past successes in squash,
seems a winning combination.

"All of us at Cheltenham College will be rooting for James and look forward to
him bringing home the world  title."

Rackets, an indoor game similar to squash,  originated  in the 18th century.
Cheltenham College is one of only 14 schools in the UK where rackets is played.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 32


                      Copyright 2008 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday

For the love of it

BYLINE: Jeffrey S. Otto

SECTION: LOCAL/STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 276 words


Chris Cottrell works silently, methodically weaving a strand of synthetic gut
through the frame of a tennis racket. With a World Cup soccer game on a
television providing background noise, he swings the stringing machine from side
to side to apply about 50 pounds of tension to the line on each pass.

The 21-year-old University of North Carolina Wilmington senior has been working
at Tennis With Love, a tiny shop tucked between larger businesses along Oleander
Drive, for about 4 months but has been around the game for most of his life. A
former high school player, he tries to get to the court as often as possible but
can't always find a partner. "You can go play against a big wall somewhere, but
you can never beat it," he says, joking.

With tennis season in high gear, he usually handles eight to 10 rackets per day.
"We've got a pretty good reputation for getting it done quick and getting it
done right. They probably want it done that day too, so it's time to get in the
game."

Cottrell rifles through a shallow bin of hand tools and picks out a small set of
pliers. "The machine is so awkward at first," he said about the tools of his new
trade, "but after you've been doing it for a while you get into the repetition."

He pulls a few tight knots and clips the line before releasing the racket to
examine his work. "The cheap rackets come in two pieces. The more expensive
rackets are designed to be with you for a long time," he said, explaining that
prices can range from $25 to $280.

As he places the finished racket on a rack near the store's register, he said,
"Tennis keeps you in shape, and it's something you can do forever. Above all,
it's fun."




LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday

For the love of it

BYLINE: Jeffrey S. Otto

SECTION: LOCAL/STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 276 words


Chris Cottrell works silently, methodically weaving a strand of synthetic gut
through the frame of a tennis racket. With a World Cup soccer game on a
television providing background noise, he swings the stringing machine from side
to side to apply about 50 pounds of tension to the line on each pass.

The 21-year-old University of North Carolina Wilmington senior has been working
at Tennis With Love, a tiny shop tucked between larger businesses along Oleander
Drive, for about 4 months but has been around the game for most of his life. A
former high school player, he tries to get to the court as often as possible but
can't always find a partner. "You can go play against a big wall somewhere, but
you can never beat it," he says, joking.

With tennis season in high gear, he usually handles eight to 10 rackets per day.
"We've got a pretty good reputation for getting it done quick and getting it
done right. They probably want it done that day too, so it's time to get in the
game."

Cottrell rifles through a shallow bin of hand tools and picks out a small set of
pliers. "The machine is so awkward at first," he said about the tools of his new
trade, "but after you've been doing it for a while you get into the repetition."

He pulls a few tight knots and clips the line before releasing the racket to
examine his work. "The cheap rackets come in two pieces. The more expensive
rackets are designed to be with you for a long time," he said, explaining that
prices can range from $25 to $280.

As he places the finished racket on a rack near the store's register, he said,
"Tennis keeps you in shape, and it's something you can do forever. Above all,
it's fun."




LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday

Tennis

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 226 words


Racqueteers, March 7 results

Bardmoor d. Seminole Lakers 10-2; Countryside tied Dunedin 7-7; Kourt Kats d.
Royal Roadrunners 10-3; Royal Nets d. Royal Racquets 7-6; McMullen d. East Lake
I 10-3; Innisbrook d. East Lake II 9-6; Luv Breakers d. Southwest 11-2; Hot
Strings tied Match Makers 7-7.

Pinellas Area Doubles League, March 8 results

Countryside I d. Bardmoor I 9-2; McMullen I d. Vinoy II 8-5; Countryside II d.
Belleair II 10-1; Royal Racquet III d. East Lake III 8-3; Spa tied Innisbrook
6-6; Vinoy I d. McMullen II 10-0; Treasure Island d. Bardmoor III 7-5; Shipwatch
d. Feather Sound 7-6; East Lake II d. Bardmoor II 7-6; St. Petersburg CC d.
Racquet Club II 8-4; St. Pete Tennis Center d. Racquet Club I 8-4; Royal Racquet
II d. Royal Racquet I 10-1.

Advantage Ladies Tennis League, March 13 results

Sheraton Stars d. Seminole Lake 6-1; Sheraton Suns d. McM Energizers 5-2; Aces
d. McM Court Jesters 6-0; Dunedin d. McM Take Two 4-2; McM Smashers d. McM Court
Sports 4-2.

SOCCER

Largo United

Spring league registration for players 5-14 years old is every Monday and
Wednesday through April 18. Times are 6-7 p.m. for 5-9 year olds, 7:15-8:15 for
players 10-14. Call Ben at 735-8556 or Jim at (813) 817-6157 for information.

SUBMISSIONS

Announcements to appear in For The Record should be mailed to Times Sports, P.O.
Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731-1121.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; LARGO TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 24, 1987, Friday, City Edition

In a hurry to learn? Local club may have just the course for you

BYLINE: SUSAN BIDDLE JAFFE

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; TENNIS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



ST. PETERSBURG - Busy professionals and impatient youngsters who    want to
learn tennis quickly may find what they're looking for at the    Racquet Club of
St. Petersburg.

     Starting this fall, tennis director German Aguero will offer a    "Fast
Tennis Course" for adult and junior beginners. Aguero is    guaranteeing that
dedicated students can learn tennis in as little as    five weeks.

     Aguero's program, patterned after established programs around the
country, will include on- and off-court instruction for 10 lessons. The
success of the course depends on the desire and determination of the    student,
Aguero said.

     "I guarantee that if a person is motivated to learn to play tennis    and
gives their all, they will learn to play tennis," Aguero said.

     The Fast Tennis Course is part of the Racquet Club of St.    Petersburg's
efforts to boost membership. Participants will be given    the opportunity to
join the northeast St. Petersburg club through    special membership packages.
For more information, call 527-6553.



   Longtime tennis pro Lisa Grattan is leaving the Racquet Club of St.
Petersburg. Grattan, a St. Petersburg native and head pro at the club    since
taking over for Bill Austin in 1982, will leave at the end of    July.

     Grattan, who also coached the Shorecrest and St. Petersburg    Catholic
high school tennis teams last spring, is planning to take an    extended
vacation.

     After that, she plans to step up her own tournament play before    looking
for a new position outside of tennis. She has yet to announce a    decision on
her future as a high school coach.





   There were 25 teams vying for 10 regional team titles last weekend    in the
USTA Volvo Adult Team Tennis League at the St. Petersburg Tennis    Center. And
when the tournament was over, Pinellas County had placed    five teams in state
competition.

     Representing the women will be the St. Petersburg Tennis Center's
women's 5.0 team, captained by Kathy Miller. Other team members are    Mary
Ternes, Joy Parks, Keely Porter, Liz Scroeder, Lisa Grattan, Nina    Cloninger
and Tia Cottey.

     Also advancing to the state tournament, which will be held Aug.    14-16 in
Kissimmee, will be the men's 5.0 and 4.5 teams from Seminole    Lake Racquet
Club and the men's 4.0 and 3.5 teams from Royal Racquet    Club in Clearwater.



   As summer winds down, the tournament schedule for juniors and adults    is
heating up.

      For juniors, the USTA-sanctioned St. Petersburg Junior    Championships
will be held July 30-Aug. 1 at the St. Petersburg Tennis    Center. Singles play
will be held for 12-under, 14-under, 16-under and    18-under classifications.
Entry fee for the main draw and consolation    round is $ 16 and is due with a
completed entry form by Monday. For more      information, call 894-4378.

      On Aug. 29-31, Paradise Island Golf & Tennis Center will host its
junior tournament for players between the ages of 10 and 18. The
USTA-sanctioned tournament costs $ 16 for singles and $ 8 per person for
doubles. Entries for the tournament are due by Aug. 26 to Al Sarmiento,    10315
Paradise Blvd., Treasure Island, FL 33706.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; LISA GRATTAN

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 19, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

DESIGN;
GOOD GOODS

BYLINE: By WILLIAM STOCKTON and CAROL VOGEL

SECTION: Section 6; Page 58, Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 563 words



BICYCLES: One of the newest fashions in cycling is mounting a rugged machine
with fat, puncture-resistant tires and taking off cross-country where the more
svelte racing bikes would never go. Mountain biking aficionados can be found on
primitive trails in the national forests, laboring over rocky tracks in the
desert or merely taking city streets in a new style. The StumpJumper Epic, built
by Specialized Bicycle Components of Morgan Hill, Calif., is constructed of a
variety of high-tech materials. The frame is carbon fiber, which saves 1.5
pounds in weight, not a trivial amount for rushing up a steep trail. A
high-quality steel alloy appears at crucial points. Just as in another era Henry
Ford's horseless carriages came in one color - black - the StumpJumper Epic
comes in a single color. Carbon.

SADDLES: Ask a dedicated equestrian about the dream saddle, and one name crops
up more than any other - Hermes. In 1837, Thierry Hermes began making leather
harnesses for the French coachmakers in Paris. Later, when he entered the retail
trade, Hermes produced as his first item a saddle. To this day, each saddle is
handmade in the Hermes ateliers above the flagship store at 24 rue Faubourg St.
Honore in Paris. What's so special about the saddles? Riders want close contact
with the horse, to feel its every movement. Much of horsemanship is
communication between the horse and rider through subtle pressure from the
rider's legs. When they speak of a Hermes saddle, riders talk about supple
leather that provides close contact. Although many riders contend that other
saddlemakers have become equally adept at creating the same sort of close touch
with the horse, the Hermes saddle still possesses an undeniable cachet.

RACQUETS: Tennis racquets are a very individual piece of equipment. Grip size,
head size, degree of flex, string type and string tension are all vital. Seeking
to cater to the tennis buff's whims, Prince Manufacturing has come up with what
it cheerfully calls the world's most exclusive racquet - the Sovereign. Those
who order it will face an array of decisions. What size head - 90 or 110 square
inches of strung racquet? What type flex - medium or firm? What about balance
point - there are six options. For strings, the choices range from synthetic gut
to graphite gut to natural gut. Moreover, strings come in five colors. Then
there are tension and weight. Grip size has eight selections. The racquet itself
comes in any of four colors, and there are four other colors for the grip. A
Sovereign medallion to adorn the creation comes in four choices. Finally, the
buyer's signature is emblazoned on the side of the shaft. The final product is
shipped in a wooden crate. The price is a mere $1,000.

WINDSURFERS: For the racing board sailor, the true windsurfing loonie, Ultra
Cat, manufactured by Fanatic, a West German company, and marketed in the United
States by Fanatic Ltd., is the ultimate in high-tech and high-speed (the
photograph, above, is unintentionally reversed). Made from epoxy and carbon
fiber wrapped around an expanded polystyrene core, Ultra Cat is 12 feet, 4
inches long and has a double concave bottom with edges slightly tucked under. It
weighs a mere 30 pounds. The centerboard is retractable, the foot straps are
adjustable, and the mast can be moved fore and aft in a track as the wind
changes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of sports equipment

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 30, 2009 Friday

SAP pre-qualifying tournament comes to Los Gatos Swim and Racquet Club

BYLINE: Los Gatos Weekly-Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 347 words


The biggest names in tennis   including Andy Roddick, Pete Sampras, James Blake,
Juan Martin Del Potro and others   will be in San Jose for the prestigious SAP
Open Tennis Tournament Feb. 9-15.

But before play begins at the HP Pavilion, the pre-qualifying tournament will be
played Feb. 2-8 at the Los Gatos Swim and Racquet Club.

The SAP Open is the first North American stop on the 2009 ATP World Tour, and
about 100 of the top tennis players on the West Coast will compete in the
pre-qualifying event in Los Gatos, hoping a chance to advance to the SAP court.

"This qualifying event is open to any male player with a racquet and a $62 entry
fee," according to SAP officials. Players will be competing for an ATP singles
title, $600,000 in prize money and the opportunity to take on the world's top
players on stadium court at HP Pavilion the following week."

The two finalists in the pre-qualifying tourney automatically advance to the
weekend qualifying tournament which hosts 32 world-ranked players also vying for
one of the four qualifying spots in the SAP Open singles main draw.

No qualifier has ever won the tournament, but last year Timothy Smyczek advanced
through six rounds of the pre-qualifying tournament and three rounds of the
qualifying tournament to advance to play in the SAP Open main draw.

The Los Gatos Swim and Racquet Club has been recognized by the Professional
Tennis Registry as the "International Club of the Year" and by the United States
Tennis Association as the "NorCal USTA Club of the Year." The club features 13
lighted courts and hosts numerous events and tournaments throughout the year,
including the SAP Open Ladies Doubles Challenge, an amateur-only event for
ladies with NTRP ratings of 3.0-4.0.

Los Gatos High School girls and boys tennis coach Todd Dissly is the tournament
director for the pre-qualifying tournament. Dissly is also the director of the
Los Gatos Tennis Academy.

To enter the pre-qualifying tournament, visit
www.sapopentennis.com/events/PreQualies.asp . For more information, contact
Dissly at (408) 746-3685 or sapopentennis.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Nadal, Wozniacki push rivals' buttons with futuristic racquet

BYLINE: Jessica Sier

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 461 words


Rafael Nadal's tennis racquet is the latest object to turn itself into a
"device". Fitted with an on-off switch in the handle, the racquet records
technical data on every ball Nadal plays, from where the ball strikes the
racquet to what kind of shots he uses.

The Play racquet, created by French company Babolat, is the latest hi-tech
development revolutionising tennis. It joins the ranks of Hawk-Eye, which tracks
the trajectory of the ball's movement on the court, and IBM's CrowdTracker,
which allows visitors to avoid the crowds at events and provides match
statistics.

Babolat's racquet is fitted with sensors that record data during a match or
training session. The information is then sent to software that can crunch the
data into meaningful analytics; such as the number of shots, number of strokes,
smashes, serves and impact zone on the string bed.

Relaxed rules by the International Tennis Federation in early 2014 allow player
analysis technology to be used on court in formal tournaments and the 14-time
grand slam champion and 2009 Australian Open champion, Nadal, as well as former
world No.1 Caroline Wozniacki have embraced the technology.

"The racquet, for me, is very similar to the last one," Nadal told media after
cruising through his first-round Australian Open match, beating Mikhail Youzhny.

"For example, I know to play well I need to play 70 per cent of forehands; 30
per cent of backhands. If I'm not doing that, I know I'm not doing the right
thing on court. That's a way that you can check these kind of things."

Rather than fill the racquet up with wires and pads, the sensors are lightweight
and do not change the weight of the racquet.

"It's really important the weight of the racquet doesn't change, especially for
top players who don't want to have any change in the sensation," said Thomas
Otton, Babolat's head of communication.

"Of course the players have access to the cameras all around the court, but this
information is not the same. Rafa's coach Toni likes to use this because he can
see exactly where Rafa hits during the serve. He is always looking for more
power and this information can tell him where to hit on the string bed."

Players press one of the two buttons at the base of the racquet, which turns on
the sensors, then they play their session. Afterwards, pressing the second
button activates Bluetooth, which sends the information to a computer or a
smartphone.

"I got introduced to the Babolat Play in New York," said Wozniacki at a media
event in Melbourne just before the Open. "I started using the Play racquet this
off-season and I really liked it ... it's amazing."

On January 1 last year, the ITF allowed devices to record data mid-match.
However, players are not allowed to check their information during the games.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: "It's amazing": Rafael Nadal's new racquet is fitted with
sensors than can record information about every shot he plays. Photos:
AP/Jocelyn Gecker

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              April 7, 1991 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

MASSIVE STOLEN CAR NETWORK EXPOSED;
CONTAINER LOADS OF PORSCHES ON WHARVES

BYLINE: By GAVIN CANTLON, CINDY JONES and STEVE WARNOCK in Sydney and DALE PAGET
in Los Angeles.

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 275 words


NSW police have formed a special task force to investigate a multi-million
dollar racket in stolen Porsche cars shipped from Los Angeles to Sydney.

A Sydney man, jailed in California for his role as head of the network, has
revealed the amazing details about the fortune he and his Australian partner
made.

Guiseppi Russo, 27, serving 16 months in California's tough Chino Prison, told
The Sun-Herald how he bought Porsches stolen in Los Angeles for as little as
$6,400 and shipped them in containers to Sydney - where they were sold for up to
$100,000.

"We have sent hundreds of containers in the past three years," Russo confessed.

He said a distribution network then sent the stolen cars to dealers in NSW,
Queensland, Victoria and Western Australia.

Russo also claimed politicians and lawyers in Australia had unknowingly bought
stolen Porsches through advertisements placed in city newspapers.

Russo and his partner Steven Wayne Spaliviero, 26, also of Sydney, were jailed
after pleading guilty to possessing $1.28 million worth of Porsches and car
parts in California.

The Sydney end of an international probe into the racket involves the NSW police
task force, codenamed "Operation Cabriolet", Federal Police and Customs.

One of the investigating team, Detective Sergeant Kevin Walsh, revealed
yesterday that authorities in Australia were liaising with California police.

And Sydney luxury car dealers confirmed they were aware of the racket in stolen
Porsches.

Dale Goodman, manager of John Newell Porsche Centre in Darlinghurst, warned that
many Porsche owners may be driving cars "hotter than they imagined" if they had
not bought from authorised agents.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Port: GUISEPPI RUSSO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      NOVEMBER 24, 2000 Friday SF EDITION

IVANISEVIC IS SMASHING IN DEFEAT BY DEFAULT

BYLINE: COMPILED BY THE INQUIRER STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 709 words


Goran Ivanisevic was forced to default from the Samsung Open yesterday after
running out of rackets.

After smashing all three of his rackets and incurring code violations, the
big-serving lefthander explained his predicament to tournament referee Alan
Mills and had to withdraw while he was trailing by 3-1 in the final set.

The volatile Croatian was furious at his own mistakes all through his
second-round match with South Korea's Hjung-Taik Lee at the Brighton Center in
Brighton, England.

Ivanisevic received his first warning for breaking his racket after his serve
was broken in the first set. Trailing by 6-5, he smashed the racket on the
ground and then hurled it into an on-court trash can.

The Korean held serve to take the first set, 7-5, but lost the second on a
tiebreaker, 8-6. Ivanisevic blew up again at 1-1 in the third, smashing his
second racket on the floor when he lost a chance to break Lee's serve.

Ivanisevic served two double faults in the third set and smashed racket No. 3.
That earned him another code violation from umpire Kim Craven and the loss of a
point, which meant he lost the game.

Ivanisevic explained to Craven and Mills that he didn't have any more rackets
and had to default.

"I can't remember anybody ever breaking all the rackets in their bag before,"
said Gerry Armstrong, the ATP Tour supervisor. "Most of the guys usually bring
between six and 10 rackets with them. I don't know why Goran didn't."

* Top seed Magnus Norman and three other Swedes advanced to the quarterfinals of
the Swedish Open at the Royal Tennis Hall in Stockholm. Norman advanced when
American Jan-Michael Gambill withdrew because of a lower back injury.

The other Swedes advancing were Andreas Vinciguerra, Jonas Bjorkman and Thomas
Johansson.

* The United States, the defending Federation Cup champion, will meet Spain in
the final of that event today at the Mandalay Bay Resort in Las Vegas.

Lindsay Davenport, Monica Seles and Lisa Raymond represent the U.S. team.
Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario and Conchita Martinez lead Spain.

SOCCER Prosecutors in Rome requested three-year suspensions for seven Italian
players accused of fixing a game this season.

A game between Atalanta and Pistoiese on Aug. 20 ended in a 1-1 tie. The Italian
soccer association opened an investigation after noting what it called unusually
heavy betting.

COLLEGES The NCAA plans to question some Alabama football players and departing
coaches about possible rules violations.

"We don't know where they are looking," athletic director Mal Moore said. "They
have not briefed us on their concerns, nor have we received any preliminary
letter."

The NCAA action comes at a tumultuous time for the Crimson Tide. Alabama
finished 3-8 this season, and the school has begun looking for a replacement for
coach Mike DuBose.

Moore said DuBose's dismissal had nothing to do with matters of NCAA compliance.
He declined to say if NCAA officials had asked to speak to DuBose.

* Dick Tressel, the football coach at Hamline University in St. Paul, Minn.,
retired after 23 seasons. He will stay on as the school's athletic director. His
record at Hamline was 124-102-2.

* Wake Forest quarterback C.J. Leak plans to skip the 2001 season so his knee
can be fully healed after a season-ending injury in September. Leak, a
sophomore, intends to return to the team in spring practice in 2002.

WINTER SPORTS The first speed event of the women's World Cup alpine ski season
is scheduled for today in Aspen, Colo., but Picabo Street will miss the super G
after a setback in her comeback from injuries.

The 29-year-old Street has been sidelined for the last two seasons after a
horrific crash in Crans-Montana, Switzerland. That spill resulted in two broken
legs and a torn anterior cruciate ligament in her right knee in 1998. Street
underwent surgery to repair torn cartilage in the knee on Nov. 14.

* The inaugural races at the new Olympic speedskating oval in Kearns, Utah,
scheduled for January, will be moved to other venues because of a problem with
the concrete floor.

PRO BASKETBALL Atlanta Hawks guard Jim Jackson will have an MRI today after
injuring his right knee in Wednesday night's 78-74 victory over the New York
Knicks.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Sports in Brief

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                       January 3, 2016 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Carletha Frazier Singleton of the Prestige Real Estate Group Has Listed a Hilton
Head Condo for Sale at Fiddler's Cove Beach & Racquet Club

BYLINE: The Prestige Real Estate Group

LENGTH: 538  words


Hilton Head, SC,  January 03, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Carletha Frazier Singleton has
listed another Hilton Head Condo for sale.The Condo is located off of Folly
Field Road and is only minutes from Folly Field Beach.The listing price for this
Condo for sale in Bluffton is listed at $129,000.

The Fiddler's Cove Beach & Racquet Club Hilton Head Condo for sale is located on
the 2nd floor or building 18. 18G is measured at 757 square feet offering 2
bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms. The Hilton Head condo is being sold completely
furnished. The kitchen features stainless steel appliances and ample counter
space. The bedrooms are on opposite side of each other.

Fiddler's Cove Beach and Racquet Club is a gated Hilton Head community and
offers a variety amenities. Fiddler's Cove has 10 Har-Tru clay tennis courts
conveniently located within the community. There are also 2 racquetball courts
playgrounds and 2 pools.

The Fiddler's Cove Beach & Racquet Club is a well know area and perfect for a
second home or investment property on Hilton Head.

This Hilton Head Condo is located in the zip code region of 29928. In this area
there are 871 Hilton Head Homes for sale.The number of active listings in Hilton
Head Island zip code 29928 dropped by 4.4% from the previous month.The median
number of days active properties have been listed is 131. The number of sales in
November dropped by 81.8% from the previous month.

The median listing price for Hilton Head homes in 29928 is $617,470. 2.5% of the
homes for sale in Hilton Head 29928 are distressed listings, which means that
the Hilton Head home is either a short sale or a foreclosure.

The percentage of rental properties in Hilton Head is 9.80%. The percentage of
homes that are owner occupied is 27.94%. Hilton Head Island 29928 has a high %
of unoccupied properties. It is 47.37% more than the national average. This
typically can drive sales prices down.

The percent of owner occupied properties in Hilton Head Island 29928 is 35.16%
below the national average.

Median household income in Hilton Head zip code 29928 is $72,766 with 251
households earning between $35,000 to $40,000 annually.

The median age for Hilton Head residents in 29928 is 56. 54% of this population
is married. Out of the 7,884 Hilton Head homes in 29928, 893 if those home
include children in the household.

The Prestige Real Estate Group was started and is owned by Carletha Frazier
Singleton.

Carletha became a South Carolina real estate agent in 2004 and later also became
a Georgia real estate agent. Over seven years ago Carletha went back to continue
her education in Real Estate and is now a Real Estate Broker, and has started
her own team of Real Estate agents.

Carletha is a native of Bluffton South Carolina where she is a Real Estate
Broker. She tells everyone that "being a native of the area is an advantage as I
know the area as a community not just a vacation destination."

Carletha Specialize in several areas of Real Estate including Military
Relocation, First Time Home Buyers, Short sales, Certified Pre - Owned Homes &
more.

The Prestige Real Estate Group at ERA Evergreen Real Estate Company

Carletha Frazier Singleton

25 Clarks Summit #103

Bluffon, SC 29910

843-321-9317

www.ThePrestigeRealEstateGroup.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              July 5, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sayoc's new game is day at the beach

BYLINE: By Charlie Garfinkel

SECTION: SPORTS; Racket sports; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 746 words


Stephen Sayoc is well known as director of tennis at both the South Towns Tennis
Center and the Village Glen. He has also been one of the area's finest tennis
players for many years.

For the past four years, Sayoc has also been involved in a new venture. He has
become heavily involved in Beach Tennis, one of the nation's fastest growing
racket sports, and is recognized as one of the game's finest players.

In 2006, '07, and '08, Sayoc advanced to the main draw of the national
championships with different partners against players from all over the world.
One of his losses was an 8-5 defeat to Alex Mangiozzi and Matteo Marighella of
Italy, the world's top-ranked team.

Sayoc won the 2007 Jones Beach Open on Long Island with former Orchard Park
resident Mike Manzella.

He has made the finals and two semifinals in other tour events, including the
Tri State Open last month in Long Beach, N.Y. He played in that one with Mike
Edisson, who is unanimously recognized as one of the top players in the United
States. This weekend, he is playing in Los Angeles in one of Beach Tennis's
biggest events.

"The skills I have acquired from tennis, namely volleying, hitting overheads,
foot work, and conditioning, have played a big part in my success in Beach
Tennis," Sayoc said.

Sayoc, who will be 40 next month and looks 10 years younger, is in incredible
shape from his many hours of teaching tennis and practicing Beach Tennis at
Woodlawn Beach in Hamburg with fellow Western New Yorkers Brian and Dan Johnson,
Joe Schafer, and Randy Rocchio. He has also practiced with Sherif Zaher and Nick
Ziezuila when they were living in Western New York.

The rules and regulations for Beach Tennis go like this:

*The game is played on sand on a court 30 feet wide and 60 feet long.

*Regular tennis rackets are used and must be between 25 and 29 inches long.

*The Penn T.I.P. ball is the official ball.

*The net is 5 feet, 10 inches high.

*Stakes 6 to 7 feet tall are pounded into the sand to support the net.

*The racket's head size must not exceed 115 square inches.

*The racket may be strung at any tension, using 15-18 gauge string.

*Scoring is the same as in tennis: 15-30-40 game.

*Matches are pro sets, first to win eight games, with no ad scoring.

*There is only one serve and lets are the same on the serve as in regular
tennis.

*In mixed doubles, men serve to the men and women serve to the women.

*The ball cannot hit the sand. All shots must be volleyed (shots that are hit in
the air). However, if a shot hits a sideline or baseline it counts as a good
shot.

*When serving, a player cannot touch the baseline with his foot. If he or she
does, they will lose the point.

*Players cannot pass the ball to their partners, as they do in volleyball. When
they strike the ball they must hit it over the net or they will lose the point.

John Rarrick is one of the main spokesmen for Beach Tennis USA. He is very proud
of the sport's phenomenal growth over the past few years.

"I have been fortunate to have seen the game rapidly grow over the past few
years." Rarrick said. "We have 10 national tournaments a year, playing in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Miami, Tampa, and other warm weather sites. Most of our
tournaments have over 100 teams participating in men's, women's and mixed
doubles, in pro and amateur divisions."

Rarrick stresses that teams can play upward of five to six pro sets a day in the
qualifying round that usually starts on a Friday or Saturday. Teams are set up
in different lools (flights) with the pool winners advancing Sunday to the
quarters or semifinals, and eventually the finals. The winning team in the Men's
Pro division usually splits $5,000. Rarrick notes that in Europe, where the game
is booming, prize money often approaches $50,000 for the winning men's team.

Last year, almost every Men's Pro finals was televised nationally through Fox
Sports Net. This year, televised events were recapped. Next year, all Men's Pro
finals will again be televised, and Rarrick hopes that Beach Tennis can become
an Olympic sport.

"Our sport greatly appeals to Division I tennis players and ATP professionals,
such as Sayoc," Rarrick said. "Beach Tennis is also a sport that is being played
by players at all levels, especially at the recreational level. It is easy to
learn and provides a great workout in a short period of time. Best of all, it is
great fun."

For further information on getting involved in Beach Tennis locally, e-mail
Sayoc at sayoc.@verizon.net

e-mail: thegreatgar@verizon.net

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stephen Sayoc has become heavily involved in Beach Tennis, one of the
nation's fastest growing racket sports.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Sony Corporation on December 27, 2016 titled as
"Using pressure signal from racket to advise player"

LENGTH: 105 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,526,964 on December 27, 2016, to Sony Corporation titled as "Using pressure
signal from racket to advise player"

Inventors: Sampathkumaran; Sriram (San Diego, CA)
Assignee: Sony Corporation (Tokyo, JP)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods and apparatus are disclosed for comparing signals from pressure sensors
under the grip of a tennis racket to digital templates to gain insight into the
player's grip, e.g., during ball striking moments."

The patent was filed on May 5, 2014 Application No. 14/269,681



LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           March 13, 1996, Wednesday

South Pinellas launches its latest ladies doubles league

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; YOUTH SPORTS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 548 words



Just when it seemed Pinellas had all the women's tennis leagues it needed,
along comes the South Pinellas Ladies Doubles League.

Last week, the league began its six-week season for four teams of players  rated
at the 3.5-and-below level, based on the National Tennis Rating Program
guidelines.

"There seemed to be a need for a league designed more for 3.5 and  especially
3.0 players," said Sam Vuille, tennis director at Lakewood Country  Club and the
league's creator. Lower-rated and less-experienced players need  more playing
opportunities."

Lakewood has two of the four teams in the league; Isla del Sol and the  Vinoy
each have one. Each club plays two doubles positions.

Last week's opening matches Wednesday resulted in wins for Lakewood A and  Isla
Del Sol.

Following the league's season, there will be a day of round-robin play for  all
players as well as an award for the overall team winner.

"We'll also decide if we should run the league again or divide into 3.5  and 3.0
divisions," added Vuille. "Whatever the players feel is the best for  them is
what we want to do. And I would like to keep the league as simple as  possible."

Captains of the four participating teams are Janet Vuille (Lakewood B),  Mary
Amodeo (Isla del Sol), Sandy Ernst (Vinoy) and Stephanie Montgomery  (Lakewood
A).

Montgomery, who recently moved here from the north Tampa area,  said, "I  was
looking for a league that didn't require much traveling. Plus, we were  kind of
tired of playing one another at the club. Hopefully, the league will  catch on
in the St. Petersburg area and grow."

OTHER LEAGUE UPDATES: The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg won its sixth
consecutive team match last week in the Suncoast Ladies Doubles League. The
Racquet Club defeated Royal Racquet Club 8-6 in the 14-team women's doubles
league. Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club, St. Petersburg Tennis Center  and
the Racquet Club won team matches last week in the Pinellas Area Doubles
League. Treasure Island and the Vinoy scored wins in the Satellite Ladies
Doubles League last week. St. Petersburg Tennis Center has clinched the 3.5
men's south division in the U.S. Tennis Association Senior Doubles League. St.
Petersburg will play the winner in the north division to determine the area
team to advance to the state competition.

ON THE LINE: The latest edition of "On the Line," the area's tennis  newsletter,
was recently distributed to USTA-member clubs in Pinellas. The  newsletter is
supported by the Suncoast Tennis Foundation, Pinellas' community  tennis
association. Contact your club professional for information on the  newsletter.

COMING UP: A free tennis clinic is at Bardmoor Tennis and Fitness Club  Friday
9:30 - 11.00. Tennis professionals Virginia Wade and Wendy Turnbull  will
conduct the clinic for players over 21. The Virginia Slims Grassroots  Challenge
for women's doubles teams is Mar. 16-17 at Bardmoor. Call 391-2205.  A
USTA-sanctioned and designated tournament is this weekend at East Lake
Woodlands for men and women in singles and doubles open division. Call
785-2212.

Nancy Morgan covers recreational tennis in St. Petersburg. Write her c/o
Neighborhood Times, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg FL 33731.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          September 27, 2007 Thursday

BASEBALL

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 277 words


Gulfport Little League

The league is taking registration for its fall training and development league.
For information, call Bruce Ward at 327-7383.

Cross Bayou Little League

There will be winter league registration Saturday from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. at the
Cross Bayou fields (corner of 102nd Avenue and 98th Street). Call 397-1894 or go
to www.cbll.org.

Basketball

St. Pete Grizzlies

The team is holding tryouts and accepting applications for the new 16-and-under
team. The team practices at CW Cate Recreation Center, 5801 22nd St. N. Contact
Cathy Takdari at (727) 424-5772.

City of Clearwater

The city is offering training sessions for girls and boys ages 6-14 on Mondays
and Thursdays at the Countryside Rec Center and on Tuesdays at the Long Center.
Call 460-1904.

Tennis

Pinellas Area Doubles League Sept. 20 results

Belleair I d. SPTC 10-1; St. Pete Tennis Center I d. Belleair II 10-0; Bardmoor
II d. McMullen II 8-3; McMullen I d. Bardmoor III 9-3; Racquet Club II d. Vinoy
I 7-5; East Lake II d. Feather Sound 7-5; Innisbrook d. Shipwatch 8-4; Royal II
d. Treasure Island 9-3; East Lake III d. Bardmoor I 10-1; Spa d. Countryside I
9-2; Royal III d. Countryside II 6-5; SPCC d. Royal I 6-4; Racquet Club I d.
Vinoy II 9-3.

Advantage Ladies Tennis League Sept. 25 results

McM Court Sports d. Seminole Lakers 4-3; Dunedin d. Royal Racquet 6-1; SW Suns
d. McM Take Two 4-2; McM Aces d. McM Smashers 6-2; SW Stars d. McM Energizers
4-3.

Suncoast Ladies Doubles League Sept. 25 results

Vinoy d. Davis Island 8-6; Tampa Yacht d. East Lake 9-5; Royal Racquet d.
Emerald Greens 10-4; Cheval tied Bardmoor 7-7; Hunter's Green d. Apollo Beach
8-6; Harbour Island d. Racquet Club 9-5.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 20, 1989, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Family helps Kriek couch his anger

BYLINE: Craig Gabriel

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 146 words

DATELINE: MEMPHIS


A family and home can do amazing things for a tennis player's attitude on court.

Johan Kriek, who lost to Brad Gilbert in Sunday's Volvo Tennis Indoor
Championships final, is a case in point.

Kriek once was a renegade who would let umpires know what he was thinking if he
disagreed with a call.

''I used to get fined as standard practice,'' said Kriek, 30.

Kriek, who lives in Naples, Fla., with wife Tish and a menagerie of animals that
includes pet python ''Monty,'' says he now thinks twice about throwing a
tantrum.

''It's amazing what building a house and filling it with furniture does,'' Kriek
says. ''Whenever I go to throw a racket, I now stop and think, 'couch.' It's
saved me a lot of money.''

Kriek's ranking had dropped to No. 39 from a career high of No. 7 in 1984, but
he has found a new tennis life with a revolutionary thicker racket frame devised
by Wilson.

Kriek used the racquet to defeat Andre Agassi and Michael Chang last week.

''I can hit the ball harder with the racket,'' said Kriek. ''I guess that's a
strike for the old guys.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, AP (Johan Kriek)

CUTLINE: JOHAN KRIEK: Ex-renegade mouths off less often.

TYPE: Sportstalk

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 17, 2003 Thursday Home Edition

Fayette/Coweta at Play: TENNIS TALK

BYLINE: CECIL CROSS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Fayette; Pg. 13JM

LENGTH: 692 words


Group lessons advised for newcomers to game

Whether you aspire to win at Wimbledon or just learn how to serve and volley,
tennis pros say Atlanta is the best place to start.

"Atlanta is the tennis capital of the world," says Peachtree City Tennis Center
pro Sean Ferreira. "Taking beginners classes here is a great way to get your
feet wet."

Ferreira, 32, who has taught tennis for nine years, said learning the
fundamentals is the first step to embracing the sport. He said beginners courses
cover understanding the court, how to score, learning ground strokes and
learning how to serve. Tennis is a healthy activity that's never too late to
learn, he added.

"It's a lot like golf in that way," Ferreira said. "People can pick it up in
their 40s or 50s. There's really no age barrier."

Beginners often worry about what type of racket to purchase. Some wonder whether
their racket is strung too tight. Others are more concerned with picking the
right grip. But Ferreira says trying out rackets in beginners classes is the
best way to select the perfect fit.

"People get into the sport and get so excited, they rush out and buy a racket
they don't like," Ferreira said. "I would recommend going to a tennis center and
trying out five or six demo rackets until you find the one you really like."

Peachtree City Tennis Center offers classes for beginners of varying age groups.
The age-group totem pole begins with pee-wee classes for 4-year-olds, who are
taught eye-hand coordination.

Ferreira advises newcomers to start out taking group lessons instead of private
sessions.

"Group lessons are ideal for a beginner trying to get in the game," Ferreira
said. "They're always cheaper."

That's why Amanda Koehn signed up. Koehn, 21 --- who works at Ashland Grill, a
restaurant at Peachtree Tennis Center --- said she grew tired of watching
everyone else have a blast.

"I was seeing everybody playing, and it looked like fun, so I decided to get out
there," Koehn said.

Koehn is the youngest of four students in her class, which recently finished its
second lesson. She that she had to go through two demo rackets before she found
one she really likes. But she has learned a lot already. Her forehand ground
stroke is getting better every day.

"I've learned how to serve, [execute] ground strokes and volley."

But she admits she still has a lot to learn. She said her backhand could use
some work.

"It was harder than I thought, but I'm getting there," she said.

Koehn said the television at her job was tuned to the Wimbledon tournament every
day, but she barely watched. Now that she knows the game, she said she'd rather
be playing. "I like learning how to actually play the game," Koehn said. "Before
I used to just go out and hit the ball."

LET US KNOW

If you have a story idea, news or photographs for Tennis Talk, please e-mail
Plott Brice at pbrice@ajc.com

* Editor's note: Plott Brice is on vacation, so we asked Clark Atlanta
University student Cecil Cross (also an Atlanta Journal-Constitution intern) to
fill in on Tennis Talk this week.

TIP OF THE WEEK

One of the oldest axioms of tennis is that a good player rarely misses a setup
and the mediocre player frequently does, usually on crucial points.

The mediocre player usually misses the setup because he gets careless with it.
On the other hand, the good player realizes that the setup is the ball he was
hoping to get, the one he was waiting for, and he's not about to mess it up. He
puts it away for a winner, but he plays it very carefully. Be careful with the
setups; look for them, pounce on them when you get them, but play them
carefully. Don't take a chance on missing them by trying to be flashy or
spectacular.

* Rick Davison is a pro at Peachtree City Tennis Center.

THE FINAL WORD

Q: Is it legal to use multicolored balls during a sanctioned match?

A: No. Balls that are approved for play under the USTA's rules of tennis must
have a uniform outer surface consisting of a fabric cover and must be white or
yellow.

Source: "Friend at Court: The USTA Handbook of Tennis Rules and Regulations,"
2003 edition.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Tennis pro Beth Wortmann (right) helps Austin Tilton prepare for
competition at Peachtree City Tennis Center, which also offers classes for
beginners. / MARLENE KARAS / Staff; Graphic: TENNIS FOR BEGINNERS
Here's a sampling of tennis lessons for beginners at public courts around metro
Atlanta:

* Blackburn Tennis Center, 3501 Ashford Dunwoody Road, Dunwoody, 770-451-1061
Adult beginners: $44 for four consecutive weeks.
After-school junior development program (during school year), 10 sessions for
$165.
Summer tennis camp (offered weekly through the week of Aug. 4): tykes and
munchkins (ages 5-8), 9-10:30 a.m., $75 per week; juniors (ages 9 and up), 9
a.m.-noon, $135 per week.

* Bitsy Grant Tennis Center, 2125 Northside Drive, Atlanta, 404-609-7193
Ongoing clinics for beginners to low intermediates, 6:30-7:30 p.m. Tuesdays and
Thursdays and 1:30-2:30 p.m. Saturdays; $12 per session.

* City of Atlanta Junior Development Program offers subsidized rates for tennis
lessons. Contact: Jimmy Vaughn, 678-230-5835.

* Clayton County Tennis Center, 2300 U.S. 138 S.E., Jonesboro, 770-477-3766
Group lessons $48 for 6 weekly one-hour lessons; private lessons $45 per hour.

* Harrison Tennis Center, 2653 Shallowford Road, Marietta, 770-591-3151
Beginning children: Mondays, Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays. 6- to
10-year-olds, 4-6 p.m.; 11- to 15-year-olds, 6-7 p.m.
Adult beginners: 7-8 p.m. Mondays; 9-10 a.m. Wednesdays; 6-7 p.m. Thursdays; 7-8
p.m. Fridays. $42 for six one-hour lessons.

* Hudlow Tennis Center, 2051 Old Rockbridge Road, Norcross, 770-417-2210
Beginning adults: 7-9 p.m. July 29, July 31, Aug. 5 and Aug. 7; eight hours for
$75.
Beginning children: Ages 4-7, 9-10 a.m. July 21-24, $34; ages 8-14, 10 a.m.-1
p.m. July 21-24, $90.

* McGhee Tennis Center, 820 Beecher Court S.W., Atlanta, 404-756-1869
Beginners: 9 a.m.-noon Mondays-Fridays.

* Peachtree City Tennis Center, 10 Planterra Way, Peachtree City, 770-486-9474
Six one-hour group lessons cost $60. Private lessons cost $44 an hour.

* South Fulton Tennis Center, 5645 Mason Road, Atlanta, 770-306-3059
Adult beginners, 6 p.m. Mondays and 3 p.m. Sundays; four weeks for $55.
Mixed-group drills, Tuesdays and Fridays; $10 an hour.
Ages 6-9, 10-14, and 15 and older, weekday evenings and 1:30 p.m. Saturdays; $12
per class or $44 per month.; Photo: Rick Davison

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 3, 1987, Friday, City Edition

Academies once again are doing well

BYLINE: SUSAN BIDDLE JAFFE

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; TENNIS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



ST. PETERSBURG - It has been a remarkably quiet spring in the world    of
Pinellas County tennis academies, especially when compared with    1986.

     After nearly a decade at Bardmoor Country Club in Largo, the reign    of
tennis great Harry Hopman came to an end with his death in December    1985.

     With Bardmoor Properties' decision not to negotiate a new contract    with
Hopman's widow, Lucy, a burst of activity began among Suncoast    tennis
professionals.

     As a result of the Hopman-Bardmoor split, the Hopman name left    Pinellas
County for a new home in Pasco County while former Hopman pro    Bob Butterfield
established the International Academy of Tennis at the    Paradise Island
Racquet Club on Treasure Island.

     Enter Bradenton academy director Nick Bollettieri. His four-year
agreement with Bardmoor in March 1986 was heralded, but he closed shop
locally at the end of August.

     With that, Billy Stearns, director of the Stearns International    Tennis
Academy, came into his own with the creation of the    Bardmoor/Stearns Tennis
Centre. Stearns left his longtime position at    Seminole Lake Racquet Club,
home of SITA since its creation.

     Finally, the dust has settled. Here's a look at how:         Seminole Lake
Racquet Club: Arguably the program most radically    changed last year, Seminole
Lake has returned to a family-oriented club    with a junior after-school
program that is catering mainly to    neighborhood children and those of club
members. For Becky Stearns, who    runs the club's pro shop, the change has been
dramatic.

     "I think you have to go one way or another (either as a playing    club or
an academy)," she said.

      Bardmoor/Stearns Tennis Centre: The move from the 15-court    Seminole
Lake Racquet Club to the 42-court Bardmoor facility has meant    much to
director Billy Stearns. While his go-all-day teaching style    hasn't changed,
he has need to recruit more help. His four-pro staff    has jumped to nine and
will soon number 12.

     More than 120 juniors and 15 touring pros work out at the Largo    center,
including top local players Amy Mascotti, Wayne Boich, Marc    Kudelko and Drew
Wager.

      Harry Hopman/Saddlebrook International Tennis: The program,    carried on
by long-time Hopman associates Howard Moore and Tommy    Thompson, seems to be
on excellent footing.

     "I'm kind of surprised at just how well it's gone," Thompson    said. "We
expected it to grow but I didn't think it would the way it    has."

     In addition to maintaining adult programs, the center continues to    work
with competitive juniors and touring pros, including Andrea    Jaeger. Moore and
Thompson have continued the Hopman tradition of    teaching, with 25 instructors
to insure Hopman's 4-1 ratio of students    to instructors.

      The International Academy of Tennis: Unlike the Saddlebrook    program,
this Hopman spin-off isn't growing by leaps and bounds.

 According to Bob Butterfield, the academy continues to draw heavily    from the
international tennis community. Though the program at Treasure    Island seems
to be most attractive to international players, several    local juniors
regularly participate in after-school training programs.



    At the Pinellas County Championships on Wednesday, Brett Dickinson    L
defeated Drew Wager 4-6, 6-3, 6-3 in the men's open finals, while Amy
Mascotti defeated Sue Rasmussen 6-1, 6-4 in the women's open finals.

 Mascotti, 14, now advances to the pre-qualifying event of the Sunkist    WTA
championship at Amelia Island.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE
TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, ROBIN DONINA; Billy Stearns gives instructions
to Rachel Fiset at Bardmoor Tennis Center

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

Mind over matter helps Bachmann keep going | Sarasota resident doesn't let age
wear him down

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: C; FL Sports; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 715 words


TENNIS: COMMENTARY

SARASOTA - Having spent a bit of time in the military, Joe Bachmann can conjure
up that famous phrase from General Douglas McArthur's farewell speech to
Congress those many years ago.

"I remember him saying, "'Old soldiers never die; they just fade away,'"
Bachmann said with a smile on Friday, moments after he wrapped up a 6-1, 6-3 win
over Stephen Halpern at the Palm-Aire Country Club.

Bachmann, a Sarasota resident since 1999, prefers to put a twist on the old
soldier's homily and he did so shortly after reaching today's final at the West
Coast Super Senior Grand Prix of Palm-Aire, explaining, "I like to say, 'Old
tennis players never die. They just hack away.'"

More than six decades have passed since Bachmann was a top-ranked junior back in
Soviet-dominated Hungary in the mid-1950s and the 75-year-old continues to
happily hack away.

Actually, the phrase "hack away" does a disservice to how Bachmann plays the
game. There are very few players who wouldn't want the type of success Bachmann
has had, or the hardware he has collected.

Over the years, Bachmann has collected 14 gold tennis balls and 25 silver ones.
Each gold ball is emblematic of winning a national title, each silver a
second-place finish. Longevity and consis-tency has its rewards and Bachmann has
earned more than his share. He insists that he is most ecstatic about the fact
that he has won at least one gold ball in every age division, starting with the
55-over division. "That's five different age groups," he says. "That is what I
am most proud of." And maybe also the fact that he has been ranked No. 1
nationally at one time or another in all those age groups. But there is more.
Bachmann has been ranked No. 2 in the world in both the 55-over and 65-over age
groups and would be right up there still had not a change in rules stopped
American players from gaining ranking points internationally when playing is
USTA national events. Bachmann has also represented the U.S. on several teams
that have competed internationally, including this past year in Croatia. Born in
Hungary, Bachmann left not long after Russia squashed the 1956 revolt in that
coun-try. Bachmann landed in college at Arizona State and he also played on the
tour for a time, competing against the likes of Fred Stolle, Manuel San-tana,
and Roscoe Tanner, among others. After leaving Arizona State, Bachmann was
drafted into the army before returning to school at Ohio State and eventually
working in Ohio as an administrator with the Bureau of Disability. He gave up
the game for several years while building a career but quickly rebuilt his
tennis game once he returned to the sport. What is it that makes Bachmann the
man to beat in virtually every tournament he enters? To begin with, he can count
on his legs to win a lot of points in every tennis match he plays. At an age
where many play-ers' strength starts to fade away, Bachmann's legs still seem
strong. "My legs are critical to my game," Bachmann admits. "My movement and my
counter punch-ng is my game. I am not going to power anyone off the court. But I
can hit passing shots, I can hit drop shots, I can run." Though the legs are
important, maybe the mind is even more criti-cal, and Bachmann never seems to
lack confidence. "It is obviously unrealistic, but when I go out there I believe
I can win every point," Bachmann says. "I know I can't but I go out there with
that sort of mindset. "Usually I win more than I lose because of that." Friday,
Bachmann didn't win every point. In fact, he lost the first game in his match
against Halpern. Bear-ing down, Bachmann then won the next seven games in a row
to take the first set and a 1-0 lead in the second. Not ever

y champion is perfect and Bachmann had a little lapse, drop-ping two games in a
row to go down 1-2 in the second set. But then came a marathon game and Bachmann
kept digging deep when he was forced to save several game points. "You're too
fast," Halpern said at one point. Eventually, it was Halpern who cracked,
hitting a pair of double-faults, including one on the final point of the game.
Bachmann then quickly ran out to a 5-2 lead before wrapping up the match two
games later. "You are too much for me," Halpern said. He is too much for most
players his age, and many more a lot younger.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sarasota's Joe Bachmann returns a shot against Stephen Halpern on
Friday during a 75-over semifinal win at the West Coast Super Senior Grand Prix
at Palm-Aire Racquet Club. STAFF PHOTO / MIC HUBER Sarasota's Joe Bachmann
returns a shot against Stephen Halpern on Friday during a 75-over semifinal win
at the West Coast Super Senior Grand Prix at Palm-Aire Racquet Club. STAFF PHOTO
/ MIC HUBER Sarasota's Joe Bachmann returns a shot against Stephen Halpern on
Friday during a 75-over semifinal win at the West Coast Super Senior Grand Prix
at Palm-Aire Racquet Club. STAFF PHOTO / MIC HUBER Sarasota's Joe Bachmann
returns a shot against Stephen Halpern on Friday during a 75-over semifinal win
at the West Coast Super Senior Grand Prix at Palm-Aire Racquet Club. STAFF PHOTO
/ MIC HUBER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      November 24, 2000, Friday, Edition 1

GORAN LOSES IT

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 935 words


BRIGHTON, England - Goran Ivanisevic banged to bits one racquet
 after another yesterday and then had none left to play with. The
 result? He had to default during the final set of his match
 against South Korea's Hjung-Taik Lee at the Samsung Open.

 The Croatian is no stranger to outbursts, but this self-destructive display -
in which all three of his rackets were rendered useless - might even have been a
first for him.

After he smashed the last of his racquets and incurred two code violations along
the way, Ivanisevic explained his predicament to Armstrong and tournament
referee Alan Mills. "Gerry, I have no more racquets left," Ivanisevic said.

Rookie in hunt MELBOURNE, Australia - Matt Kuchar birdied the first hole of his
 pro career yesterday in a round of three-under-par 69 that left
 him a stroke back in the Australian Open.

 Australians Peter O'Malley and Paul Gow and New Zealand's Greg Turner opened
with 68s, and Australia's Aaron Baddeley - the winner last year as an amateur,
was a stroke back along with Kuchar, Australia's Robert Allenby and Sweden's
Pierre Fulke.

Gilbert gets help OTTAWA - An Ottawa company is helping Glenroy Gilbert keep his

 career on track. Ottawa Business Interiors will pay the Ottawa
 sprinter's expenses when he trains in Texas this winter.

 Canada out DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - Canada dropped a pair of games to
 Zimbabwe and South Africa yesterday, unexpectedly failing to
 advance to the quarter-finals of the Dubai sevens rugby
 competition.

 Security boosted ATHENS - Military patrols, special commando units and more
than
 1,000 surveillance cameras could be part of security measures for
 the 2004 Olympics to confront Athens' history of attacks and
 bombings, sources said.

 Worries about violence during the Games have pushed authorities to propose the
most aggressive anti-terrorism controls in Greece, where police have been unable
to stamp out groups blamed for decades of killings and other attacks.

Nestor in semis STOCKHOLM - Daniel Nestor of Toronto and Mark Knowles of the
 Bahamas reached the doubles semifinals at the Scania Stockholm
 Open tennis tournament yesterday.

 The reunited pair defeated top-seeded Mahesh Bhupati of India and Byron Black
of Zimbabwe 6-3, 6-4 in the quarter-finals to set up a match against Piet Norval
of South Africa and Kevin Ullyett of Zimbabwe, the No. 3 seeds.

Hawks win Chris Stathopoulos scored two goals - a three-pointer and a
 two-pointer - to lead the Toronto ThunderHawks to a 14-5 win over
 the visiting Detroit Rockers in NPSL soccer action last night.

 Adolfo Mella and Jocelyn Roy also scored two-pointers for the 7-1 Hawks, who
drew a crowd of 1,879 fans.

WITH FILES FROM STAR WIRE SERVICES



LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: UWE LEIN/AP
 GORAN IVANISEVIC:
 Had to default match against South Korean foe.

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    November 24, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

With Lots of Heart, Olson Takes Title

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 792 words


As inspiring as her story might be, Johanna Olson would rather be known as
something other than the runner who twice came back from brain tumors.

Now she can. How does national champion sound?

Olson won the NCAA Division III cross-country championship last weekend in
Spokane, Wash., and helped Luther College of Des Moines finish third in the team
race. The victory capped a sensational season for Olson, who won every race she
entered.

"I think this year has helped a lot," Olson said. "People who would look at me
as, 'Oh, she's come back from so much,' now are looking at how I run. That's the
way I want it."

Olson was never challenged, including the national meet. She won that 3.1-mile
race in 17 minutes 54.4 seconds--nearly 16 seconds faster than runner-up Heidi
Wolfsberger of Moravian.

And it went just like most of her other races. Olson ran with the pack for about
a mile, then pulled away to a big lead and maintained it.

"My goal all season was to win nationals, but I thought it would be pretty much
a few people racing to the finish," Olson said. "It turned out to be not that
way at all. It was surprising to me it was like that rather than a sprint to the
finish."

Olson's comeback has been a long, strenuous journey. After she finished second
in the Iowa Conference meet in 1997, doctors discovered a tumor on her brain and
surgically removed it.

The following year, the tumor started growing again and she needed six weeks of
radiation treatment, which required a three-hour round-trip to the Mayo Clinic
in Rochester, Minn., five days a week.

Olson returned to running both times and won the Iowa Conference championship
last season. She has had no health problems since and was strong from the start
this season.

"She ran in a meet in Minnesota in late September against some Division II
runners and won by 22 seconds," Luther Coach Betsy Emerson said. "We knew then,
early on, that she was going to be a contender at the national meet."


Tennis

Falling to Pieces

Goran Ivanisevic banged to bits one racket after another and then had none left
to play with.

He had to default trailing, 3-1, in the final set of his second-round match
against South Korea's Hjung Taik Lee at the Samsung Open in Brighton, England.

The Croatian is no stranger to outbursts, but this self-destructive display--in
which all three of his rackets were rendered useless--might even have been a
first for him.

"I can't remember anybody ever breaking all the rackets in their bag before,"
ATP Tour supervisor Gerry Armstrong said.

After he smashed the last of his rackets and incurred two code violations along
the way, Ivanisevic explained his predicament to Armstrong.

Armstrong checked to make sure that was the case, and when it became clear no
racket could be found in time, a default was announced because of a "lack of
appropriate equipment."

Ivanisevic will be fined a total of $ 1,000 for the code violations. However, he
will not be fined for defaulting the match. . . .

In a later match, Italy's Renzo Furlan edged Rockville's Paul Goldstein, 7-5,
6-4.


Olympics

Increased Security

Military patrols, special commando units and more than 1,000 surveillance
cameras could be part of security measures for the 2004 Olympics to confront
Athens's history of attacks and bombings, sources told the Associated Press.

Worries about violence during the games have pushed authorities to propose the
most aggressive anti-terrorism controls in Greece, where police have been unable
to stamp out groups blamed for decades for killings and other attacks.

"It's a big issue. It concerns us very much," Greek Police Chief Yannis
Georgakopoulos said. "We will do what needs to be done to have a safe Olympics."


Pro Basketball

Helping Hand

Heat center Alonzo Mourning, out for the season because of a kidney problem,
provided a Thanksgiving day lunch for 65 families at the Miami Rescue Mission
Center for Women and Children near downtown Miami.

"This is wonderful--it's great to see he's interested in the community," Miami
Rescue Mission Center Director Ronald Brummitt said.

The 6-foot-10 Mourning towered over moms and kids alike, exchanging smiles and
hugs.

"I have a lot of idle time on me these days," Mourning said. "We should be
thankful for our health. I'm working on mine." . . .

The Indianapolis Pacers placed Sam Perkins, 39, on the injured list with back
spasms.


Golf

A Grand Entrance

Matt Kuchar birdied the first hole of his pro career in a round of 3-under-par
69 that left him a stroke back in the Australian Open in Melbourne.

"It's definitely in my mind to win here," said Kuchar, the 1997 U.S. Amateur
champion and Georgia Tech graduate.


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          November 22, 2000, Wednesday

Senior league gets into the swing of things

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 824 words



Men's competition started last weekend for 24 teams in the state-sanctioned
Senior Doubles League.

The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg opened its 3.5 South division season with a
3-0 win over Feather Sound Country Club. The St. Pete squad's clubmate team in
the 3.5 Central lost 2-1 to Royal Racquet Club.

A matchup between St. Petersburg Tennis Center and the Vinoy in the 3.5 South
division was postponed due to a lack of courts.

"Both of our teams look pretty good," said Marshall Craig, captain of one of the
two Racquet Club teams.

"We have several players that advanced to national tournament play a year ago at
the 3.5 adult level."

Vaughn Haight, Jack Weldon, Steve Uebel and Ray Cianic were members of the
Racquet Club 3.5 squad that finished fourth nationally in 1999.

Against Feather Sound last weekend, the Racquet Club's Haight and Weldon at No.
1, Uebel and Tony Damouny at No. 2 and No. 3 Bob Steele and Craig won in
straight sets.

Rounding out the Racquet Club team are Andy McCloud, Neel Voss and Tom Stewart.

This Saturday, the club plays host to the St. Petersburg Tennis Center.

"We're going to have a good time," said Nick Karamessinis, captain of the St.
Petersburg Tennis Center squad.

"We have a lot of players that haven't played together before, and some are just
new to the team."

Karamessinis, recovering from knee surgery and  sidelined this season, will
captain the team. Its members are Julio Ochoa, Fred DeJohn, John Boswell, Morgan
O'Brien, Bud Steckman, Al Kline, Brian Limberg, Andy Chau, Ron Hill and Doug
Eadie.

Ed Kidston plans to mix up the partnerships on the Vinoy team in the 3.5 South
division.

Some played the 3.5 adult league last season, Kidston said, so they will need to
fill out the senior league competition.

Joining Kidston will be Norm Ott, John Mathias, Don Wheeler, Joe Dudek, Patrick
Dine, Dick Finan, Wendell Martinkovic, Tony Gentile and Jeff Szilage.

Saturday, the Vinoy plays host to Seminole Lake. Feather Sound is at Bardmoor to
complete the six-team 3.5 South division.

In the 3.5 Central are the Racquet Club, Innisbrook, McMullen Tennis Complex,
Royal Racquet Club and Shipwatch Tennis Club.

In last Saturday's match between the Racquet Club and Royal Racquet Club, Nick
Pavonetti and Bob Spiegel won at No. 3 for the Racquet Club.Larry Sewall and
Richard Polay, No. 1, and No. 2 Nick Routh and Ron Whitaker fell short of
victories.

Sewall said Tom Shevlin, Jim Dousel, Dave Farnsworth, Marty Normile and Nute
Rogers are expected to see doubles action.

Saturday, Sewall and his Racquet Club teammates play host to Shipwatch. Royal
Racquet Club is at McMullen. Innisbrook, a 3-0 winner over McMullen last
weekend, has a bye and doesn't play.

Other teams participating in the Senior Doubles League are Timber Pines, a
second Innisbrook squad, Dunedin, Countryside Country Club and East Lake
Woodlands in the 3.5 North division.

Following a double round-robin format, the top team in the 3.5 North, Central
and South divisions will battle for the championship and advance to the state
tournament in May.

In the 3.0 division are Timber Pines and Crescent Oaks. In 4.0 are Shipwatch,
East Lake, Countryside, Seminole Lakes and Royal. And in 4.5 is Safety Harbor
Spa.

The women's Senior Doubles League begins Dec. 2. The league has 10 teams in the
3.5 division - two from East Lake, St. Pete Tennis Center, Bardmoor and
Countryside and one each from Innisbrook and Timber Pines.

St. Pete Tennis Center's teams are captained by veteran Hedy Hunyady and
first-timer Joan Malone.

Competing with Hunyady are Gay Womack, Vicki Tueller, Karen Winiecki, Ann
Coughlin, Sally Greico, Emma Mason, Kathy Light, Liz Gaffney and Gayla Berkey.

Malone's team is comprised ofDee Haupt, Wendi Whitt, Lin Riffe, Karen Paggart,
Katherine Hulka, Lynn Klein and Kati McDonald.

"We had so many girls that wanted to play that we divided them into two teams,"
Hunyady said. "We'll be working on setting up partnerships and having fun
playing."

JUNIORS: Michael Kopelman won the boys 10-and-under singles title in the 12th
annual Pete Wolfberg Championships at St. Petersburg Tennis Center last weekend.

Kopelman took the final 6-0, 6-0 over Tampa's Tyler Snook.

Jose Tolentino captured the championship for 16-year-olds in straight sets, and
Elyse Roenick finished first in the 14 girls round robin.

Runners-up were Natalie Tirapelli, girls 18; Sonny Kennedy, boys 12; and George
Navas, 14.

Katy Zaleski reached the girls 16 consolation final before losing in three sets
to Tampa's Courtney Bogart.

SOUTH PINELLAS PLAYOFFS: The seven team South Pinellas Ladies Doubles League
completes its playoffs next Wednesday.

Tied with 14 points each, Feather Sound Country Club plays host to Treasure
Island Rec Center for the championship. In a matchup for third place, the Vinoy,
with six points, plays host to the St. Petersburg Tennis Center, which has seven
points.


LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                            January 30, 2017 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Making a racquet courtside for the game

BYLINE: Baz Ruddick

LENGTH: 414 words


While eyes may be glued to the action on court, a physical effort of a different
kind is happening in a marquee courtside of the Caterpillar Burnie
International.

With arguably the fastest hands at the complex, Stewart Allwright has been
re-stringing racquets for the players of the tournament from sun up to well past
sun down.

With the help of Bailey Horne and their off-sider, the team from Stringlab in
Hobart will string about 300 racquets during the tournament.

"Stringing is only one part of it," Mr Allwright said.

"You have to process them, cut the strings and make sure they are right so it is
a fifty minute exercise."

While the amateur player may restring their racquet once every two years, the
rank of player at the Burnie International will have their racquet restrung
every match.

"Their take on how they want their racquet set up is unique, so a big part of
our gig is to understand what they want and try and accommodate them," he said.

Mr Allwright was working until past midnight on Saturday night and was up bright
and early on Sunday to continue restringing for the qualifying matches.

Over his 26 year career restringing racquets, Mr Allwright has strung for most
of the biggest names in the game including both Serena and Venus Williams,
Rafael Nadal and Lleyton Hewitt.

"I don't think I have ever strung a [Roger] Federer racquet, and that is
probably one I would have loved to have done," he said.

Mr Allwright said he prefers working with the hard working up and coming players
who play at tournaments like the Burnie International.

"I love this level of tournament and I love seeing the young Aussies come
through," he said.

"Guys like Alex Bolt - the kids are real and they are working for little reward
and trying to get some points up to get to that next level."

While it is unlikely there will be any racquet smashing antics at the Burnie
International, Mr Allwright said when he sees it happen on the court he usually
has a chuckle and thinks of those who make a living from customising the
"hammer".

Mr Allwright used the example of his friend who worked customising racquets for
the Cyprian player Marcos Baghdatis.

"A few years ago when Baghdatis broke a bunch of racquets at the Australian
Open, I got this text message [from my friend] in New York ten minutes after it
happened saying 'there goes my holiday'," he said.

Mr Allwright said his friend cancelled his holiday knowing he would be busy
working on Baghdatis' racquets in the two weeks before the Davis Cup.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                            January 30, 2017 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Making a racquet courtside for the game

BYLINE: Baz Ruddick

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 414 words


While eyes may be glued to the action on court, a physical effort of a different
kind is happening in a marquee courtside of the Caterpillar Burnie
International.

With arguably the fastest hands at the complex, Stewart Allwright has been
re-stringing racquets for the players of the tournament from sun up to well past
sun down.

With the help of Bailey Horne and their off-sider, the team from Stringlab in
Hobart will string about 300 racquets during the tournament.

"Stringing is only one part of it," Mr Allwright said.

"You have to process them, cut the strings and make sure they are right so it is
a fifty minute exercise."

While the amateur player may restring their racquet once every two years, the
rank of player at the Burnie International will have their racquet restrung
every match.

"Their take on how they want their racquet set up is unique, so a big part of
our gig is to understand what they want and try and accommodate them," he said.

Mr Allwright was working until past midnight on Saturday night and was up bright
and early on Sunday to continue restringing for the qualifying matches.

Over his 26 year career restringing racquets, Mr Allwright has strung for most
of the biggest names in the game including both Serena and Venus Williams,
Rafael Nadal and Lleyton Hewitt.

"I don't think I have ever strung a [Roger] Federer racquet, and that is
probably one I would have loved to have done," he said.

Mr Allwright said he prefers working with the hard working up and coming players
who play at tournaments like the Burnie International.

"I love this level of tournament and I love seeing the young Aussies come
through," he said.

"Guys like Alex Bolt - the kids are real and they are working for little reward
and trying to get some points up to get to that next level."

While it is unlikely there will be any racquet smashing antics at the Burnie
International, Mr Allwright said when he sees it happen on the court he usually
has a chuckle and thinks of those who make a living from customising the
"hammer".

Mr Allwright used the example of his friend who worked customising racquets for
the Cyprian player Marcos Baghdatis.

"A few years ago when Baghdatis broke a bunch of racquets at the Australian
Open, I got this text message [from my friend] in New York ten minutes after it
happened saying 'there goes my holiday'," he said.

Mr Allwright said his friend cancelled his holiday knowing he would be busy
working on Baghdatis' racquets in the two weeks before the Davis Cup.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                           February 17, 2005 Thursday
                                MANATEE EDITION

It's all about attitude;
Tennis coach inspires girls to excel

BYLINE: By DEBI SPRINGER debi.springer@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: H-T EAST; Pg. H1

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: LAKEWOOD RANCH


Attitude makes all the difference when Jason Golden gives a tennis lesson.

"If you don't have a good attitude, you can't be taught to learn the sport,"
Golden said.

Golden, the new coach of the Lakewood Ranch girls tennis team, has been in the
game for 25 years and taught tennis in 13 countries.

He can spot a bad attitude as quick as he can return a serve.

Some traits are obvious, he said, like stomping off the court and hitting the
racket on the ground. Others, such as downcast eyes, are subtle.

"If there is no eye contact during play or when they shake hands, that's not
good," Golden said. "I'm an advocate of attitude. The desire has to be there."

Golden, 32, said he's tough with his 12 team members, but only when he has to
be. Some of the girls know him because they've had lessons from him in the past,
but others are new to his coaching methods.

Golden was head tennis professional at Laurel Oak Country Club in Sarasota for
about two years. He left that position and went on to become a tennis pro at
Lakewood Ranch Athletic Club. He is now the recreation director at Sarasota
Baptist Church.

In his new job at the school, Golden selected his team during tryouts earlier
this month and prepared the players for the season, which started Wednesday.

As he lobbed neon yellow balls at the girls last week during practice, Golden
encouraged them.

"Drop the top of your racket, Molly," he said.

"Step into your balls, Jenna," Golden said. "Drive it."

"C'mon girls, hit and move, hit and move," he said.

From three courts away, he corrected a player.

"Firm wrist, Clare," he said. Clare Kerekes corrected her hand position
immediately.

Caroline Latham tested Golden about attitude during practice.

"What if I did that with my racket? Would you get mad?" Latham asked Golden as
she simulated banging her racket on the ground.

"Nope. I'd say 'Have a good day, see you tomorrow,'" Golden said.

He has learned through experience how to get the best from players.

While on the men's team at Lakeland College in Wisconsin, Golden said he began
to realize his motivation was different from the competitiveness of professional
tennis.

"My gratification came from teaching people and watching them grow," Golden
said.

John Janes, director of tennis at Laurel Oak Country Club, who worked with
Golden for two years, said Golden's ability to understand different learning
styles is priceless. Not to mention his attitude.

"His positive attitude is contagious. It helps the kids, and that's huge when
you're dealing with a team," Janes said.

The girls seemed to appreciate that trait last week during the grueling
conditioning portion of practice.

As they ran sprints across the courts, Golden only laughed when they asked if
they could quit.

They were still sprinting when Golden offered praise and clapped for the girls'
efforts.

"You all did great today. I'm proud of you," Golden said.

The girls, panting and sweaty as they cooled down, all smiled at their new
coach. After all, it's all about attitude.

Lakewood Ranch High School girls tennis team schedule

Today: 3 p.m. vs. Sarasota High School at home.

Tuesday: 3 p.m. vs. Riverview High School at Riverview

Feb. 24: 3 p.m. vs. Southeast High School at Southeast.

March 1: 3 p.m. vs. Manatee High School at home.

March 3: 3 p.m. vs. Bayshore High School at Bayshore.

March 10: 3:30 p.m. vs. Saint Stephen's Episcopal School at home.

March 15: 3 p.m. vs. Riverview High School at home.

March 17: 4 p.m. vs. Saint Stephen's Episcopal School at Longwood Run.

April 5: 3 vs. Manatee High School at 75th Street West courts.

April 7: 3 p.m. vs. Southeast High School at Southeast.

April 12: 3 p.m. vs. Palmetto High School at home.

April 13: 3 p.m. vs. Sarasota High School at Sarasota.

April 14: 3 p.m. vs. Bayshore High School at home.

April 18-19: 8:30 a.m., district championships at Sarasota High School.

Players are: Breanna Atkinson, Jana Duchene, Clare Kerekes, Yebbeun Kim, Kim
Wolfe, Caroline Latham, Jenna Wyss, Morgan Pyne, Kristen Pyne, Alexa Derespino,
Molly Banta and Ashley Atkins.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 4
 STAFF PHOTOS / THOMAS BENDER / thomas.bender@heraldtribune.com Jason Golden,
far right, the new coach for the Lakewood Ranch Girls tennis team, works the
girls with a lap around the courts. Tenth-grader Yebbeun Kim, 16, drills with
Jason Golden, the new coach for the Lakewood Ranch girls tennis team. STAFF
PHOTO / PHIL DIEDERICH / phil.diederich@heraldtribune.com Above: Lakewood Ranch
High School tennis players get their gear together after tryouts at the school
courts. Freshman Morgan Pyne is on the left. STAFF PHOTO / THOMAS BENDER /
thomas.bender@heraldtribune.com Left: Jason Golden, new coach for the team.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 29, 2013 Monday

Making a racket for pickleball

BYLINE: Blythe Wachter, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1048 words


April 29--Snowbird Michael Benrud is such a fan of pickleball that he played the
game every day in central Florida this winter -- and sometimes twice a day.

Now that Benrud has returned home to Altoona, he will make the 80-mile drive to
Woodbury, Minn., on Fridays to play with a group there.

"It's a very addictive game. Once (players) get into it, they can't get enough
of it. ... It's quick and fast and you're really banging that ball back and
forth," said Benrud, a regional ambassador who promotes the rapidly growing
sport.

The game is similar to tennis and badminton. Players use hard paddles to knock a
plastic ball with holes, like a wiffle ball, across a net.

"It's becoming so popular, it's actually replacing tennis in lots of areas in
the country," said Benrud, a lifelong tennis player.

Pickleball has more action, it's easier to learn and players get more chances to
hit the ball, he said. "Pickleball is just a whole lot more fun."

In Florida, Benrud stayed near The Villages senior community close to Ocala. The
area is a "hotbed of pickleball," with hundreds of players, he said.

The USA Pickleball Association estimates there are more than 100,000 adult
players in the United States now, more than triple the number in 2003.

Many people don't join pickleball organizations, so memberships represent only a
small number of players, Benrud said.

In Eau Claire, a group plays in summer at South Middle School, 2115 Mitscher
Ave., and in winter at St. Mark Evangelical Lutheran Church, 3307 State St.

The group got started last summer, said player Lynn Weber of Eau Claire, who
credits Benrud for growing the sport.

She loves the game, which she said provides a good workout.

The Eau Claire Parks, Recreation and Forestry Department plans to temporarily
paint lines for pickleball on the Owen Park tennis courts this spring, Weber
said, and paint permanent pickleball lines on the Carson Park tennis courts
later this year.

A lot of tennis courts are being converted into pickleball courts, Benrud said.

And in South Florida, pickleball courts are filling up the empty roller-hockey
rinks that dot area parks.

"Roller hockey has kind of died off, so we'll give pickleball a shot," said Joe
Fazekas, recreation manager for the city of Oakland Park, Fla.

In recent years pickleball has become popular as baby boomers age and look for
more active sports than shuffleboard. In central Florida, The Villages has 108
courts.

Advocates say the sport appeals to people who still have tennis in their hearts,
if not in their limbs.

"If you've played any kind of a racquet sport, learning it is almost
instantaneous," said John Wilder of the Palm Beach County Parks Department,
which hosts pickleball matches at Caloosa Park in Lake Worth, Fla.

"And there's nothing involving an overhead motion, so people with bad shoulders
can play," he added. Also, the paddles are lighter than tennis racquets.

South Florida municipalities built roller-hockey rinks when ice hockey exploded
there after the Florida Panthers advanced to the Stanley Cup final in 1996.
Since then, the Panthers have faltered, with the team's playoff appearance in
2012 its first in 12 years.

Perhaps as a result of the team's troubles, interest in roller hockey is
sliding. Some municipal park and recreation departments are batting around
pickleball as an option.

Mitchell Ball of Hallandale Beach, Fla., fell in love with the game during a
visit to central Florida and became one of its advocates.

"My goal is to open a court a month," said Ball, who asks condo associations to
add pickleball lines on tennis courts.

Pickleball reportedly was invented in 1965 in the backyard of former U.S. Rep.
Joel Pritchard, R-Wash., of Seattle. Pritchard, a friend and their families
improvised the game on a badminton court. The Pritchard family dog, Pickles, had
an affinity for the ball, and thus the game got its name.

As pickleball clubs start up around the country, a challenge is finding places
to play, Benrud noted. He said the city of Woodbury converted tennis courts not
being used much and now has a large group of pickleball players.

Benrud put lines on his driveway for pickleball play, and his son and
daughter-in-law built courts at their home.

The Eau Claire group has not promoted itself much, this being the first year,
Benrud said.

Usually about 10 to 15 people showed for games at St. Mark this winter.

The sport draws people of all ages, from school-age to seniors.

"It's something all ages can play," Weber said, adding a lot of kids learn how
to play it in physical education classes.

"It really is a universal thing. It is very fun to see that all ages love the
game," agreed her husband, Mike.

Last summer, Mike Weber recalled, a college student showed up at the South
Middle School tennis courts and said he lived a block away and heard the
distinctive sound of pickleball being played. He wanted to know if he could
play.

The games are open to the public. Benrud encouraged anyone interested to try
pickleball this summer.

"We always have extra paddles," he said.

McClatchy-Tribune

How It Works

Pickleball contains elements of tennis and badminton, but Altoona player Michael
Benrud says it's more exciting.

The court measures 20 feet wide and 44 feet long, the same size as a badminton
doubles court. Players use wooden or composite paddles to knock a plastic,
perforated ball over a 3-foot-high net. Singles or doubles teams can play.

Players must serve underhand, with serves made diagonally, and the ball must
bounce once on each side of the net before they can hit it in the air. They can
volley the ball or play it off the bounce.

On both sides of the net is a 7-foot no-volley zone, or "kitchen." Players
cannot step into the zone to hit or smash the ball on the fly; they only may
play the ball in the zone if it bounces in there first.

Points, scored by the serving side only, occur when the opponent faults. A fault
is committed when the ball is hit out of bounds, does not clear the net, is
volleyed from the non-volley zone or is volleyed before a bounce has occurred on
each side. Generally, the first side scoring 11 points and leading by at least
two points wins.

___ (c)2013 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130429-EW-Making-a-racket-for-pickleball-0429-20130429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2013 The Leader-Telegram


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 28, 2013 Sunday

Making a racket for pickleball

BYLINE: Blythe Wachter, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1048 words


April 28--Snowbird Michael Benrud is such a fan of pickleball that he played the
game every day in central Florida this winter -- and sometimes twice a day.

Now that Benrud has returned home to Altoona, he will make the 80-mile drive to
Woodbury, Minn., on Fridays to play with a group there.

"It's a very addictive game. Once (players) get into it, they can't get enough
of it. ... It's quick and fast and you're really banging that ball back and
forth," said Benrud, a regional ambassador who promotes the rapidly growing
sport.

The game is similar to tennis and badminton. Players use hard paddles to knock a
plastic ball with holes, like a wiffle ball, across a net.

"It's becoming so popular, it's actually replacing tennis in lots of areas in
the country," said Benrud, a lifelong tennis player.

Pickleball has more action, it's easier to learn and players get more chances to
hit the ball, he said. "Pickleball is just a whole lot more fun."

In Florida, Benrud stayed near The Villages senior community close to Ocala. The
area is a "hotbed of pickleball," with hundreds of players, he said.

The USA Pickleball Association estimates there are more than 100,000 adult
players in the United States now, more than triple the number in 2003.

Many people don't join pickleball organizations, so memberships represent only a
small number of players, Benrud said.

In Eau Claire, a group plays in summer at South Middle School, 2115 Mitscher
Ave., and in winter at St. Mark Evangelical Lutheran Church, 3307 State St.

The group got started last summer, said player Lynn Weber of Eau Claire, who
credits Benrud for growing the sport.

She loves the game, which she said provides a good workout.

The Eau Claire Parks, Recreation and Forestry Department plans to temporarily
paint lines for pickleball on the Owen Park tennis courts this spring, Weber
said, and paint permanent pickleball lines on the Carson Park tennis courts
later this year.

A lot of tennis courts are being converted into pickleball courts, Benrud said.

And in South Florida, pickleball courts are filling up the empty roller-hockey
rinks that dot area parks.

"Roller hockey has kind of died off, so we'll give pickleball a shot," said Joe
Fazekas, recreation manager for the city of Oakland Park, Fla.

In recent years pickleball has become popular as baby boomers age and look for
more active sports than shuffleboard. In central Florida, The Villages has 108
courts.

Advocates say the sport appeals to people who still have tennis in their hearts,
if not in their limbs.

"If you've played any kind of a racquet sport, learning it is almost
instantaneous," said John Wilder of the Palm Beach County Parks Department,
which hosts pickleball matches at Caloosa Park in Lake Worth, Fla.

"And there's nothing involving an overhead motion, so people with bad shoulders
can play," he added. Also, the paddles are lighter than tennis racquets.

South Florida municipalities built roller-hockey rinks when ice hockey exploded
there after the Florida Panthers advanced to the Stanley Cup final in 1996.
Since then, the Panthers have faltered, with the team's playoff appearance in
2012 its first in 12 years.

Perhaps as a result of the team's troubles, interest in roller hockey is
sliding. Some municipal park and recreation departments are batting around
pickleball as an option.

Mitchell Ball of Hallandale Beach, Fla., fell in love with the game during a
visit to central Florida and became one of its advocates.

"My goal is to open a court a month," said Ball, who asks condo associations to
add pickleball lines on tennis courts.

Pickleball reportedly was invented in 1965 in the backyard of former U.S. Rep.
Joel Pritchard, R-Wash., of Seattle. Pritchard, a friend and their families
improvised the game on a badminton court. The Pritchard family dog, Pickles, had
an affinity for the ball, and thus the game got its name.

As pickleball clubs start up around the country, a challenge is finding places
to play, Benrud noted. He said the city of Woodbury converted tennis courts not
being used much and now has a large group of pickleball players.

Benrud put lines on his driveway for pickleball play, and his son and
daughter-in-law built courts at their home.

The Eau Claire group has not promoted itself much, this being the first year,
Benrud said.

Usually about 10 to 15 people showed for games at St. Mark this winter.

The sport draws people of all ages, from school-age to seniors.

"It's something all ages can play," Weber said, adding a lot of kids learn how
to play it in physical education classes.

"It really is a universal thing. It is very fun to see that all ages love the
game," agreed her husband, Mike.

Last summer, Mike Weber recalled, a college student showed up at the South
Middle School tennis courts and said he lived a block away and heard the
distinctive sound of pickleball being played. He wanted to know if he could
play.

The games are open to the public. Benrud encouraged anyone interested to try
pickleball this summer.

"We always have extra paddles," he said.

McClatchy-Tribune

How It Works

Pickleball contains elements of tennis and badminton, but Altoona player Michael
Benrud says it's more exciting.

The court measures 20 feet wide and 44 feet long, the same size as a badminton
doubles court. Players use wooden or composite paddles to knock a plastic,
perforated ball over a 3-foot-high net. Singles or doubles teams can play.

Players must serve underhand, with serves made diagonally, and the ball must
bounce once on each side of the net before they can hit it in the air. They can
volley the ball or play it off the bounce.

On both sides of the net is a 7-foot no-volley zone, or "kitchen." Players
cannot step into the zone to hit or smash the ball on the fly; they only may
play the ball in the zone if it bounces in there first.

Points, scored by the serving side only, occur when the opponent faults. A fault
is committed when the ball is hit out of bounds, does not clear the net, is
volleyed from the non-volley zone or is volleyed before a bounce has occurred on
each side. Generally, the first side scoring 11 points and leading by at least
two points wins.

___ (c)2013 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130428-EW-Making-a-racket-for-pickleball-0428-20130428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2013 The Leader-Telegram


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday

BASEBALL UMPIRES NEEDED

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 325 words


The city of St. Petersburg is looking for ASA umpires for the city's adult
softball league. Tryouts will be held Saturday, March 24. Contact Buddy Morabito
at (727) 643-2391.

TENNIS

Racqueteers, March 21 results

Bardmoor d. Kourt Kats 7-6; Dunedin d. Royal Racquets 12-1; Luv Breakers d.
McMullen 9-5; East Lake II d. Match Makers 7-6; Countryside d. Royal Nets 10-2;
Royal Roadrunners d. East Lake I 8-5; Hot Strings d. Innisbrook 11-3; Seminole
Lakers tied Southwest 6-6.

Pinellas Area Doubles League, March 22 results

St. Petersburg CC d. East Lake III 9-4; St. Pete Tennis Center d. Innisbrook
10-0; Bardmoor II d. Belleair II 10-0; Royal Racquet II d. McMullen I 8-2;
McMullen II d. Royal Racquet I 6-4; Belleair I d. Bardmoor 10-1; Royal Racquet
III d. East Lake II 7-6; Racquet Club I d. Racquet Club II 8-2; Spa d. East Lake
I 9-3; Shipwatch d. Countryside I 8-3; Vinoy II d. Feather Sound 7-5; Vinoy I d.
Bardmoor III 7-4; Countryside II d. Treasure Island 8-6.

SOCCER

Largo United

Spring league registration for players 5-14 years old is every Monday and
Wednesday through April 18. Times are 6-7 p.m. for 5-9 year olds, 7:15-8:15 for
players 10-14. Call Ben at 735-8556 or Jim at (813) 817-6157.

Clearwater Chargers

Registration for players 4-10 years old is Tuesday from 5:30-6:30 p.m. and
Saturday from 9:30-10:30 a.m. from April 10-May 19. Applications are available
at www.clearwaterchargers.com.

SOFTBALL

Lady Bombers

The 18-under women's team will hold tryouts April 1 for girls between 14-18
years old. Call Doug Simmons at (813) 601-5171 or Ed Walter at 741-5512.

The 8-and-under team is looking for players to round out its roster. For
information, call Kathy Palumbo at 644-5108.

The 18-under Clearwater Bomber elite team is having open tryouts April 1.
Contact Doug Simmons at (813) 601-5171 or Ed Walter at (727) 741-5512 for
information.

SUBMISSIONS

Announcements should be mailed to Times Sports, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg,
FL 33731-1121.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO TIMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 376 words


Baseball

Gulf Coast Tide

The 14-under team is looking for players. Tryouts are being held at Jack Russell
Stadium in Clearwater. Call 510-3991 or 460-5920 for information.

Gulfport Little League

The league is taking registration for its fall training and development league.
For information, call Bruce Ward at 327-7383.

Cross Bayou Little League

There will be winter league registration today and Tuesday from 6-8 p.m. and on
Saturdays, Sept. 22 and 29 from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. at the Cross Bayou fields (corner
of 102nd Avenue and 98th Street). Call 397-1894 or go to www.cbll.org.

Basketball

St. Pete Grizzlies

The team is holding tryouts and accepting applications for the new 16-and-under
team. The team practices at CW Cate Recreation Center, 5801 22nd St. N. For more
information, contact Cathy Takdari at (727) 424-5772.

City of Clearwater

The city is offering training sessions for girls and boys ages 6-14 on Mondays
and Thursdays at the Countryside Rec Center and on Tuesdays at the Long Center.
For information, call 460-1904.

High schools

Shorecrest

The school has an opening for an assistant boys varsity basketball coach and
assistant boys JV soccer coach. Those interested in basketball should call coach
Brian Marchetti 580-8114. For the soccer coach, write athletic director Phil
Hayford at www.phayford@shorecrest.org.

Tennis

Pinellas Area Doubles League Sept. 13 results

Royal III d. Belleair II 7-5; SPTC d. McMullen II 10-0; Countryside II d.
Bardmoor I 10-0; East Lake III d. Treasure Island 8-4; Innisbrook d. Royal II
8-4; Vinoy II d. Bardmoor II 6-4; Racquet Club I d. Racquet Club II 10-0;
Feather Sound d. Countryside I 9-3; SPTC II d. McMullen I 8-4; Vinoy I d.
Bardmoor III 6-4; East Lake II d. East Lake I 7-4; Shipwatch d. Royal I 6-2;
Belleair I d. Spa 7-6; SPTC bye.

Advantage Ladies Tennis League Sept. 18 results

Royal Racquet d. SW Stars 4-2; SW Suns d. McM Smashers 4-3; McM Aces d. Seminole
Lakers 4-2; Dunedin d. McM Court Sports 4-2; McM Take Two d. McM Energizers 6-0.

Suncoast Ladies Doubles League Sept. 18 results

Hunter's Green tied Harbour Island 7-7; Apollo Beach d. Bardmoor 8-6; Racquet
Club d. Emerald Green 8-6; Royal Racquet d. East Lake 8-6; Vinoy d. Countryside
9-5; Davis Island d. Tampa Yacht 9-5; Treasure Island tied Cheval 7-7.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO TIMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

County boasts two national pickleball champs

BYLINE: Paul Danzer Columbian staff writer; Photos by ZACHARY KAUFMAN, The
Columbian

SECTION: PORTRAIT; Pg. G24 PLAY-

LENGTH: 815 words



HIGHLIGHT: Enrique Ruiz of Washougal and Christine Barksdale of Vancouver are
nationally ranked pickleball champions.

Christine Barksdale's pickleball paddle

Christine Barksdale started in tennis but says pickleball has taken a larger
role in her life of late. "The people are super nice and super social," she
said. "So the people drew me to it."

Enrique Ruiz serves the ball while playing pickleball at Club Green Meadows in
January.


The rat-a-tat-tat sound of plastic balls flying from paddle to paddle
reverberates around the Club Green Meadows gym as addicts get their fix.
It is pickleball night at Club Green Meadows, where accomplished athletes are
joined by racquet sports rookies for a few hours of reflex-challenging fun. In
the middle of the action are a pair of national champions.

In November, Enrique Ruiz of Washougal and Christine Barksdale of Vancouver won
championships at the USA Pickleball Association 2013 national tournament in
Buckeye, Ariz.
Ruiz won the men's open singles national title for a second time. He has twice
won doubles open national titles. Barksdale won the singles title for women 35
and older, and the mixed doubles championship for players 19 and older.
As those results indicate, Ruiz and Barksdale are above-average players. But
they are not above playing with newcomers and players of all ages at any
opportunity.
"It's very addicting," Barksdale said. "It is relatively easy to pick up and
play and have fun with."
Such accessibility is part of the charm of a sport that dates to the mid-1960s,
when the family of former Washington Congressman Joel Pritchard invented the
game at its Bainbridge Island home. The game is fast-paced enough to challenge
athletes in their prime but simple enough to entertain players young and old.
Ruiz and Barksdale came to pickleball with some racket-sport pedigree. Ruiz
played competitive table tennis for six years and once took on a top-rated
American at a tournament in Portland.
Barksdale started playing tennis as a 6-year-old in Indiana. In 2006, she was
part of a women's team from Vancouver Tennis Center that won a United States
Tennis Association national tournament.
She hasn't thrown away her tennis racket but admits pickleball has taken on a
larger role in her life. She plays whenever she can and has traveled to
invitational and open tournaments.
The social aspect of tournaments -- even the nationals -- made a quick
impression on Barksdale.
"The people are super nice and super social," she said. "So the people drew me
to it."
Even the most competitive players embrace the social side of the game. At the
national tournament, Barksdale said, "people want to win, but they're out there
having a good time, and it's a friendly atmosphere."
With prize-money tournaments popping up, the competition is gaining intensity,
Ruiz said. In addition to his national championship, he partnered with Gigi
Lemaster from Arizona to win mixed doubles at the Tournament of Champions in
Ogden, Utah.
Ruiz and Barksdale both said previous racket-sport experience helps their
pickleball prowess.
"You already know a good solid stroke," Barksdale said. The overhead shots in
pickleball are most similar to tennis, while the dink shots and backhand stroke
offer different challenges.
Ruiz was introduced to pickleball shortly after time commitments forced him to
give up competitive table tennis.
Ruiz said the focus and reflexes needed to succeed in table tennis translate
well to pickleball, highlighted by the quick rallies across the net.
"The rallies are so much fun," Ruiz said. "I really enjoy that aspect of the
sport."
With a smile, Barksdale noted that Ruiz's opponents might not share his
enthusiasm for close-quarters back and forth.
That's because Ruiz is something of a two-handed monster. Part of his success
is tied to his ability to flip his paddle from hand to hand so he is almost
always using a forehand swing. This ambidexterity increases the amount of
ground Ruiz can cover.
"No. 1, my backhand is so bad. No. 2, my reach advantage is huge," Ruiz said,
smiling as he explains why he started playing with each hand.
Ruiz, who has lived in Clark County for a dozen years, is a humble champion who
credits his partners for his doubles success.
"It helps to be lucky," he said. "Sometimes the wind just blows the right way."
The wind seems to be picking up behind the pickleball movement. While that is
especially true in warm-weather states such as Arizona and Florida, Ruiz
emphasized that the sport's growth isn't limited to retirement communities.
"Pickleball is for all ages," Ruiz said. "It's got a funny name, but it's a
sport that is challenging."
Interest in pickleball picking up
The Columbia River Pickleball Club had 141 active members at the start of 2014,
90 of them Clark County residents, according to Mike Wolfe, the club's
president.
The club's second Pickle Barrel Classic tournament had 168 participants in
2013, representing five states. The men's singles championship match featured
both finalists from the national championships, with Enrique Ruiz of Washougal
defeating Wes Gabrielsen from McMinnville, Ore., on both occasions.
There are regularly pickleball programs at Firstenburg Community Center and at
Club Green Meadows.
More information about pickleball is available at
www.columbiariverpickleballclub.wordpress.com
/
--Paul Danzer

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                               May 4, 2012 Friday

Tennis in Marin: New director Hites a good fit at Marin Country Club

BYLINE: By Holly Woolard Special to the IJ

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 740 words


ZOLTAN HITES is about to introduce himself to Marin tennis up close and
personal. When Marin Country Club hosts the annual Marin League luncheon next
month, Hites will be center stage, literally.

Hites, the new director of tennis at Marin Country Club in Novato, will be
playing in a mixed doubles exhibition on the scenic courts he now calls home.
The Marin League luncheon is set for June 7 as players from Marin's weekday
women's doubles teams gather for their season-ending celebration.

Marin Country Club is a perfect match with Hites, who joined the staff in
January after serving as director of junior tennis at Crow Canyon Country Club
in Danville. The 1996 graduate of Monte Vista High grew up playing at Crow
Canyon and has felt at home since stepping foot on one of Marin's most exclusive
sports complexes.

"The club location is absolutely phenomenal," Hites said. "It's a great place to
be. I look forward to becoming a part of tennis in the area."

Hites was a high school standout at Monte Vista in Danville. After playing a
season at Foothill College, the 34-year-old spent seven years toiling in the
minor leagues of tennis with a ranking outside the top 1,000. He made occasional
appearances at ATP tour events such as the annual stops in San Jose and
Scottsdale, and also played in Europe. Before returning to the Bay Area, Hites
worked in Palm Springs with USTA NorCal Hall of Famer Larry Stefanki.

While the demographics at Marin Country Club and Crow Canyon are similar, Hites
said one thing is noticeably different: interest in teams. Hites inherits an
exciting group of up-and-coming women's players who took third at the United
States Tennis Association Northern California sectional 6.5 tournament earlier
this year. The USTA 6.5 level is for 3.0 and 3.5 rated players. The MCC team,
which was captained by Jinah Conroy, is believe to be the first team from the
club to advance to a USTA sectional tournament.

Besides supporting USTA, women's and twilight league teams, and junior tennis,
Hites is hoping Marin Country Club is able to host more social events like the
Marin League luncheon. He plans to put up bleachers for the exhibition, which
should help make viewing the live tennis and the country club scenery an
afternoon to remember.

Marin League champs

Marin Country Club is not only the host of the annual Marin League luncheon. The
club's A3 team won its flight and will be awarded a trophy during the banquet on
June 7. The team captain is Jenny Reid.

Here are the other winners and captains: A1 won by Mt. Tam Racquet Club, captain
Cyndi Dorit; A2 won by Rafael Racquet & Swim Club, captain Beth McCarthy; B1 won
by Marinwood, captain Denise Dupree; B2 won by Rafael Racquet, captain Jane
Maier; C1 won by Belvedere Tennis Club, captain Debbie Bernier.

Sonoma/Napa/Marin winners

The women's weekday leagues that compete throughout the tri-county North Bay
also concluded recently. Here are the champs from Marin and team captains: A1
won by Mt. Tam Racquet Club, captain Kathleen Smyth; A2 won by Marin Tennis
Club, captain Connie Chapman; B2 won by Canon, captain Toni Defrancis.

Marin Senior Championships

The 36th annual Marin Senior Championships will take place June 13-17 in Mill
Valley. This Category II national tournament is one of the top events in Marin
every year, drawing more than 300 players from throughout the West Coast and
beyond.

Top level men and women players will be competing in singles, doubles and mixed
doubles in eight age categories: 35-and-older, 40s, 45s, 50s, 55s, 60s, 65s and
70s. Last year's total prize money was over $18,000.

Mill Valley Tennis Club is the home base for the tournament with matches also
taking place at Scott Valley Swimming & Tennis Club and Harbor Point. The
deadline to enter is Thursday, May 24.

For further information, call tournament director Susan McShannock at 388-2010.

Posylkin wins Pac-12 title

Former MCAL champ Laura Posylkin of San Marin High added another prize to her
collection when she captured the Pac-12 invitational doubles title with Cal
teammate Tayler Davis on April 29 in Ojai.

Posylkin, only a freshman, and Davis, a junior, defeated Arizona's Hailey
Johnson and Sarah Landsman 9-7 in the finals. They become the first Bears to
capture the invitational doubles crown since 2007.

The No.-8 ranked Bears will host the first two rounds of the NCAA team
tournament May 11-12.

To report tennis news, contact Holly Woolard athollyfwoolard@yahoo.com .

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Zoltan Hites, the new teaching pro at Marin Country Club, is seen on
the courts in Novato, Calif. on Wednesday, May 2, 2012. (IJ photo/Alan Dep) Alan
Dep
Zoltan Hites, the new teaching pro at Marin Country Club, hits a ball in Novato,
Calif. on Wednesday, May 2, 2012. (IJ photo/Alan Dep) Alan Dep
Teaching pro Zoltan Hites works with 11-year-old student John Diener of San
Rafael at the Marin Country Club in Novato, Calif. on Wednesday, May 2, 2012.
(IJ photo/Alan Dep) Alan Dep
Zoltan Hites makes a practice serve at the Marin Country Club in Novato, Calif.
on Wednesday, May 2, 2012. (IJ photo/Alan Dep) Alan Dep

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2012 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 12, 2017 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A High-Tech Solution for Deciding Which Racket Is the Right Racket

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY

SECTION: Section SP; Column 0; Sports Desk; ON TENNIS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1276 words


MELBOURNE, Australia -- Frankly, I thought a smart court would look smarter.

I had arrived at the National Tennis Center in Melbourne Park in my tennis togs
for a computer-monitored hitting session at the indoor practice courts during
last month's Australian Open.

My court was the last one in a row, and it looked at first glance like all the
standard courts that preceded it. There were lines, a net and a blue acrylic
surface like those in use at the Open.

Then my guide, Machar Reid of Tennis Australia, began pointing toward the
rafters, to cameras, 11 of them, and a large flat-screen monitor fixed high
above the court. Eight of the cameras were Hawk-Eye cameras, ball-tracking
devices sophisticated enough to be used to check line calls in major
tournaments.

So-called smart courts are proliferating, giving players quick data and video
feedback on their strokes and movement. The goals are to improve coaching and
draw a wired generation to the sport. The company PlaySight recently installed
32 such courts at the vast new United States Tennis Association national campus
at Lake Nona in Orlando, Fla.

But the court used here by Reid and his team has a different purpose. It is
designed to measure minute differences in racket and string performance to give
elite players a more reliable method of comparing equipment.

''In terms of players making multimillion-dollar career decisions and following
their current process for equipment selection, I think it just beggars belief,''
said Reid, who has the title of innovation catalyst at Tennis Australia and a
license to dream big.

Racket manufacturers have begun using technology to help athletes choose their
equipment, but Reid said most players still chose rackets based on ''feel''
rather than hard evidence. He says he believes that players can be fooled that
way and that the sport is long overdue for a more analytical approach.

Players under contract with a racket company have limited choices, but even when
they are free of commercial concerns, the process is typically unscientific.

''A lot of times, switches are made when you just pick up a friend's racket and
try it out for fun,'' said Ryan Harrison, an American player ranked 62nd in the
world.

Reid and Tennis Australia, the country's governing body for the sport, want to
make the process much less serendipitous. To demonstrate their method, Reid
invited me -- a 52-year-old former Division III player at Williams College who
is no threat to the pros -- to be a guinea pig.

I still play regularly, and the night before our session I had to establish my
goals: more precision and bite on my sliced one-handed backhand; more power on
my forehand and serve.

According to Reid, there are about ''200,000 different potential combinations by
the time you take into account all the different characteristics of a racket and
all the different types of characteristics of string.''

But with my goals in mind, Reid's team -- which has a working agreement with the
manufacturers Babolat, Head, Wilson and Yonex -- chose just three racket models.
I got two variations on each of them, so six setups in all with different string
combinations but the same string tensions.

My rackets were in disguise, a standard procedure for Reid's team: The paint on
the frames was blacked out to hide the logos.

''The idea being that you enter here with no bias,'' Reid said.

The drawback being that anyone who plays the game seriously can recognize, for
example, the distinctive shape of a Babolat frame whether it is blacked out or
not.

''But you won't necessarily know the racket model,'' Reid said. ''Nor will you
know the string setup.''

Fair enough. And so, with the cameras rolling, I hit a series of forehand drives
and then a series of backhand slices while Lyndon Krause and Olivia Cant --
Ph.D. students in sports science at Victoria University in Melbourne -- recorded
and crunched the numbers courtside on a laptop.

I rallied with Reid, who by the way is quite a rallier. We did the forehands
first: a minimum of 10 with both of us at the baseline, then another series with
him feeding me balls from a position closer to the net. Why the two options?
Because it is easier for a player -- or at least this player -- to replicate a
stroke off a fed ball.

Keeping up with Reid was only my second-biggest challenge. The toughest was
keeping the often subtle differences among the six rackets clear in my head.

''We don't usually go with six different rackets with the pros,'' Reid said.
''Their needs are usually very specific.''

I took notes, which ranged from the complimentary (''Model No. 2: amazing power
in extension with just a flick'') to the crotchety (''Model No. 5: far too much
ping on contact, feels like a trampoline'').

By the end, it all got a bit blurry, but I managed to rank my racket preferences
for each stroke and have occasional discussions with Reid as we checked the big
overhead screen for data on net clearance, landing locations and speed.

I then finished off with first serves down the T, starting off strong and then
losing my mojo.

Reid, who did his doctoral thesis on the serve, eventually made a suggestion.

''Like all of us as we age, the toss tends to drift out to the right,'' he said.

I took note, put the toss straight over my head and -- shazam! -- my serve went
down the T with power.

''You realize you have affected the integrity of the experiment?'' I said.

''I couldn't help myself,'' he said.

The next day, Reid and his team presented me with a 10-page ''performance
report'' with lots of charts, mapping things like my accuracy and power. The
report said the best all-around setup for me among the six options would be a
Yonex Ezone DR 100 Blue with a polyester-gut string combination. It was similar,
as it turned out, to the Head racket I currently use in terms of specifications.

If I wanted to take my spin and ball speed to the next level, the results
showed, a heavier racket than usual for me, the Babolat AeroPro Drive with
all-polyester strings, would be worth further testing -- but only if I
strengthened my upper body to lower the risk of injury.

This sort of clarity was appealing, and preventing injuries, particularly of
upper limbs, is one of the main long-term goals of Tennis Australia's program.
With shoulder and wrist injuries now too common, the sport could use all the
help it can get.

''The technology is not quite there, but it will be in place, I suspect, in a
few years,'' said Reid, who also thinks Hawk-Eye data from tournaments will
allow players to better understand the injury risks.

''More widespread release of that data will be key,'' he said. ''Just by knowing
how many shots players are hitting and at what speed and so forth, you can,
through sophisticated math, then provide them insight into how much load they've
incurred over three to four weeks compared to their historical data and tell
them when to watch out.''

For now, too much of that data remains proprietary, and Reid's smart court and
adjoining workshop -- filled with blacked-out frames and high-end measuring
equipment -- are best used by pros looking for fine-tuning. Reid said the two
leading Australian women, Samantha Stosur and Daria Gavrilova, had used the
system to test new string combinations.

But if the system can eventually do all that Reid plans, many far better players
than your tennis correspondent are likely to follow, even if data, however
precise, has its limits.

''I think most guys are willing to try it out if there is the opportunity to
improve,'' Harrison said. ''But if the racket doesn't feel good in your hand,
then you don't force it.''




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/10/sports/tennis/smart-court-racket
-australia.html

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Machar Reid of Tennis Australia, above. At left, Lyndon Krause,
left, Peter Le Noury and Olivia Cant on a smart court that measures minute
differences in racket performances. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BEN SOLOMON FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES) (SP3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 16, 1986, Friday, Final Edition

The Marketplace;
Checkbook Buys

SECTION: Style; D5

LENGTH: 661 words


Every month the editors of Washington Consumers' Checkbook magazine report here
some of the best prices they have found in surveying more than 300 area
retailers.

The retailers have promised to hold these prices -- and offer rainchecks if
supply runs out -- until May 31. It is a good idea to call ahead to check that a
product is in stock. Explain to the retailer that you want the price quoted in
"Checkbook Bargains." Stores may limit purchases to one per customer.

A partial listing of bargain prices:

COMPACT DISC PLAYERS

*Yamaha compact disc player, model C2X2 -- $249 at Audiokrafters, College Park
(864-7557), Rockville (881-8743), in the District (965-1313).

*Sansui compact disc player, model PCV750 -- $259 at Paul's Audio Video Center,
Vienna (827-5797) and The Stereo Man, Arlington (522-5151).

*Sony compact disc player, model CDP70 -- $299 at Audio Buys, Bailey's
Crossroads (578-3033), Gaithersburg (840-9180).

TENNIS RACKETS

*Kennex tennis racket, model Silver Ace, mid-sized head, graphite frame -- $70
at Racquet & Jog in the District (333-8113) or (861-6939), Bethesda (986-0558),
Vienna (281-9386).

*Dunlop tennis racket, model Black Max Pro, mid-sized head, composition frame --
$99 at Drilling Tennis Shop in the District (737-1100).

*Prince tennis racket, model Graphite 90, mid-sized head, graphite frame -- $175
at Tennis Unlimited, Gaithersburg (948-7624).

FREEZERS

*White-Westinghouse freezer, model FU166H, upright model, 16.0 cubic foot
capacity -- $419 at A&A Appliance Co. in the District (723-3315).

*Whirlpool freezer, model EV15HKXR, upright freezer, 14.6 cubic foot capacity,
frost-free -- $499 at Alco Electronics, Inc., Alexandria (780-5180).

*General Electric freezer, model CA16DF, upright model, 15.7 cubic foot capacity
-- $499 at J.R. Enright Co., Chevy Chase (654-1700).

DISHWASHERS

*General Electric dishwasher, model GSD600D, pot scrubbing cycle, energy saving
dry -- $309 at J.R. Enright Co., Chevy Chase (654-1700).

*Maytag dishwasher, model WU1000, pot scrubbing cycle, energy saving dry,
electronic controls -- $599 at Bul's Maytag Home Appliance Centers, Rockville
(231-0844), Silver Spring (589-3363), Vienna (281-4890), Springfield (644-2977),
Alexandria (765-2206), Fairfax (385-9717), Herndon (471-0881).

MICROWAVE OVENS

*Litton microwave oven, model 1445, 650-watt cooking power, .8 cubic foot
capacity, electronic touch controls, 10 cooking levels -- $189 at Alco
Electronics, Inc., Alexandria (780-5180).

*Panasonic microwave oven, model NE6970, 600-watt cooking power, 1.0 cubic foot
capacity, electronic touch controls, variable cooking levels -- $259 at Alco
Electronics, Inc., Alexandria (780-5180).

*Tappan microwave oven, model 564994, 650-watt cooking power, 1.3 cubic foot
capacity, electronic touch controls, 10 cooking levels -- $359 at A & A
Appliance Co. in the District (723-3315).

CEILING FANS

*Supreme ceiling fan, model Mark IV Deluxe, 5 rattan blades, 42" blade sweep,
polished brass finish -- $65 at Factory Showroom, Rockville (340-0430),
Gaithersburg (869-8000).

*Hunter ceiling fan, model 25606, 4 white blades, 52" blade sweep, antique white
finish, 3 speed reversible motor -- $175 at Fan Fair in the District (342-6290).

Casablanca ceiling fan, model 12002T, 5 blades, 52" blade sweep, bright brass
finish, light included, computerized wall control -- $355 at Lighting Limited,
Silver Spring (588-6975).

POWER LAWN MOWERS

*Snapper power lawn mower, model 21351, 21"-cut width, rear bag, 3.5 horsepower
-- $312 at Kohler Equipment, Landover (577-8111) and South Potomac Lawnmowers,
Fort Washington (292-4444).

*Lawnboy power lawn mower, model 4600, 20"-cut width, rear bag, 4.0 horsepower
-- $330 at Lanham Bicycle & Turf, Lanham (577-9763).

*Toro power lawn mower, model 20680, self-propelled, 21"-cut width, rear bag,
4.0 horsepower -- $448 at Maryland Cycle & Equipment, College Park (474-6723).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           November 13, 2012 Tuesday

Tennis in Marin: Rafael's Super Senior 60s bound for nationals

BYLINE: By Holly Woolard Special to the IJ

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 781 words


THE ROAD that the Rafael Racquet Club women's tennis team has traveled to
advance to the United States Tennis Association's national championship is a
testament to endurance and friendship.

This is a group of gals who have been playing together since 2005 on various
teams, including different age groups and USTA levels, trying to come up with
the right combination to make it to nationals. They finally achieved this
coveted feat at the Super Senior 60-and-over 8.0 Northern California
championships in September.

"We figured that, since most of us had just recently turned 50, we had a chance
to win big and perhaps go to nationals," said captain Pat Inciardi of the team's
origin. "We were a very strong team right from the start going to districts
almost every year. But until this year, we were never able to go to nationals."

One of the neatest features about this team (and the Super Senior 8.0 level) is
that it includes players from the three most popular USTA divisions. They play
three doubles positions per match and players' ratings combine to equal 8.0
3.5-4.5, 4.0-4.0. Even though the Rafael Racquet teammates may have gone up or
down in their ratings over the past eight years, they have been able to stay
together and dominate this season.

Inciardi, a 3.5 player, is one of several team leaders. Annette Davary, a 4.0
player, is a founding member who has been Inciardi's co-captain five times.
Candace Davenport, a 4.5 player, was the original captain back in 2005.

Rafael Racquet Club also deserves some props, hosting many of the group's teams
over the years. When they first organized, several players were members at RRC
and the club has graciously kept that door open. Most clubs limit teams to
members only; the 2012 NorCal champs from RRC include players from four
counties.

"What makes us special is that even though we don't belong to the same club, we
have maintained a strong bond over the years," Inciardi said. "Today more than
half the members were on the original team. The players no longer on the team
still come to watch our matches and come to our practices. The only reason they
are not on the team is because they are too young to stay with us when we moved
up to Super Senior 60."

Besides their friendships, on-court partnerships have helped fuel Rafael Racquet
Club's trip to nationals. Inciardi says they always have back-up partnerships
planned in case someone gets injured.

"We realize that this is quite likely an once-in-a-lifetime chance for us,"
Inciardi said. "We intend to do everything we can to end up in the winner's
circle on the final day. And I can assure you that we will be having fun in the
process."

Nationals take place April 19-21 in Surprise, Ariz. All 14 team members are
expected to attend, plus five former teammates who are thrilled to share this
experience with their friends.

Other team members are Shelley Bianchini, Diane Connor, Laura Enos, Linda
Feeney, Patty Hanson, Lenore Jonasson, Cheri Kratka, Bonnie Mandel, Laura
Rotbert, Zoe Schwartz, Janet Tucker and Barbara Winter.

PlayTennisMarin

Are you looking for a way to get back into tennis? Do you need to play a few
matches to get your game tuned up for the USTA season? Consider signing up for
PlayTennisMarin, which matches players of equal abilities for friendly matches
at your convenience.

The deadline to sign up for December-January session is Nov. 20. Competition is
offered year round for men's and women's singles and doubles, plus a fun mixed
doubles division.

Besides connecting players throughout the county, PlayTennisMarin invites
members to exclusive clinics, a session-ending reception, social events and a
pro-am tournament.

"You are going to love this league," said founder Lisa Trusheim. "Because I
don't belong to a tennis club, it is sometimes difficult to find players at my
level. We had over 100 players in our last session and new players are joining
every day. It's so exciting."

PlayTennisMarin reaches out to a cross-section of players from clubs, public
courts key-holders and private home courts to increase members' exposure to new
competitors. Doubles leagues actually help pair partners, so those new to town
or anyone seeking a new partnership may sign up individually.

Endorsed by several local pros and the Belvedere/Tiburon, Corte Madera,
Larkspur, San Rafael and Sausalito recreation departments, PlayTennisMarin also
helps develop new players. For 2.5 players, a pro or PlayTennisMarin
representative will attend your first match to make sure you know how to keep
score, change sides, etc.

To learn more, go towww.playtennismarin.com or call Trusheim at 233-3007.

To report tennis news, contact Holly Woolard athollyfwoolard@yahoo.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The 8.0 women's team from Rafael Racquet Club pose for a photo.
(Courtesy photo)
Annette Davary practices with team mates at the Marin Tennis Club in San Rafael,
Calif. on Monday, Nov. 12, 2012. Davary is the co-captain for the San Rafael
women's 60-and-over tennis team which is heading to a national tennis
championship. (IJ photo/Alan Dep) Alan Dep
Annette Davary is seen at the Marin Tennis Club in San Rafael, Calif. on Monday,
Nov. 12, 2012. Davary is the co-captain for the San Rafael women's 60-and-over
tennis team which is heading to a national tennis championship. (IJ photo/Alan
Dep) Alan Dep
Annette Davary is seen at the Marin Tennis Club in San Rafael, Calif. on Monday,
Nov. 12, 2012. (IJ photo/Alan Dep) Alan Dep
Annette Davary, left, practices with team mates at the Marin Tennis Club in San
Rafael, Calif. on Monday, Nov. 12, 2012. Davary is the co-captain for the San
Rafael women's 60-and-over tennis team which is heading to a national tennis
championship. (IJ photo/Alan Dep) Alan Dep

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2012 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           January 25, 2000, Tuesday

Local youth players shine as new season kicks off

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 708 words



Area players competed in the first designated singles tournament of the new
ranking year this month.

About 20 boys and 15 girls from the area entered one of the five contests
scheduled around Pinellas and Polk counties.

Dax Hankerson of the Saddlebrook Academy was among those seeded in the top 16 of
their respective age divisions. Hankerson competed in the boys 18-and-under as
the No. 8 seed in a field of 64 and won three matches to reach the quarterfinals
before falling to fourth-seed Dan Friedman of Gainesville in straight sets.

"Dax is a great player with a lot of potential," said Alvaro Betancur, who works
with the International Tennis Academy. "Even now, Dax practices and drills a lot
with our top - and professional - players.

"We'll see even better results from Dax in the near future."

Shaun Kraft, the No. 10 seed in the designated's boys 18s draw, is another
potentially talented player, according to Betancur.

Despite suffering an injury to his right hand last month, Kraft has practiced a
more aggressive style of play emphasizing serve and volley.

"Shaun has been here with us about three years, and I think he has a good
future," Betancur said. "He's not 100 percent now with the injury, but he's
getting there. Then we'll hear more from him."

Boys 16s top-seed Sukhwa Young fell in the semifinals of the designated, but not
without a three-set battle against fourth-seed Val Banada of North Miami Beach.

The new year also brought a pilot ranking program to Florida with hopes of
encouraging more play, providing a natural pathway through the age divisions and
allowing more success for players.

Rather than recognizing match results just through wins and losses, the new
program awards points per rounds won during tournament competition.

"I think anything that encourages the players to play more and to concentrate
more on each match is good," Betancur said. "Awarding points per match will
force players to focus on every match and see that each one is important."

SUPER SENIORS: Men's 60-plus doubles teams kicked off the USTA Florida Section
District 12 Super Senior Doubles League season on Jan. 18. One of two teams of
Pasco-Pinellas players representing Innisbrook defeated McMullen of Clearwater
while another lost to Timber Pines.

At 1:30 p.m. today, the Joe Gari-captained team is at Royal Racquet Club while
Jim Gray's team hosts Timber Pines.

MIXED DOUBLES: Last weekend's Innisbrook 3-0 loss to the Racquet Club of St.
Petersburg combined with a 2-1 Bardmoor win over Royal Racquet Club resulted in
a tie for the USTA Florida Section District 12 Senior 7.5 Mixed Doubles League
championship.

The Racquet Club will be the site for the Racquet Club-Bardmoor playoff to be
scheduled within the next two weeks. The area winner advances to a state
tournament April 14-16 in the Palm Coast area.

In the senior 8.5 mixed doubles competition, Safety Harbor Spa won and will
advance to the state event for the second consecutive season.

SENIOR LEAGUES: The senior women's 3.5 team based at Innisbrook remains unbeaten
among its USTA Florida Section District 12 Senior Doubles League competition
after Sunday's 3-0 win over a Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club team.

The senior women's 3.0 division includes just three teams - Feather Sound,
Timber Pines and Crescent Oaks - with each sporting a 1-1 record.

After four weeks of action in the senior women's 4.0 division, undefeated
Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club is first among four teams, followed
closely by the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg.

In senior men's 3.5 competition, both Innisbrook-based teams beat McMullen 2-1.

This week, the team led by Ellis Gant is at the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg
and the Gari-led team is in Dunedin.

K-SWISS MASTERS: This weekend at Royal Racquet Club is the K-Swiss 2000 Masters
Championships.

This invitational tournament for recreational players offers prize money at each
of the skill levels ranging from 2.5 to 5.5. The Masters event is a culmination
of a three-part series that included the summer, fall and spring K-Swiss seasons
to determine the best players of the year.

Call (727) 865-0615 for information.

- Fax tennis information to Nancy Morgan at (727) 445-4119.


LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             March 29, 1998 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

Sampras loses the magic;
OPINION - STATESIDE

BYLINE: ALAN ATTWOOD

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 746 words


MEET Mister Misery. That was Pete Sampras as he trod wearily from the court last
week after losing to Wayne Ferreira at the Lipton Championships in Florida. All
the kids holding out their autograph books might as well have been asking the
Popemobile to stop as it sped past.

Head down, shoulders slumped, Pete was the picture of woe. He does not like
losing. He especially does not like losing after he had romped through the first
set 6-0. He won the set so easily he said of Ferreira "He was in another zip
code", and then held a match point in the second.

But guess what? On match point, Sampras sent down a double-fault. This is the
kind of news that gives hope to every backcourt hacker. Even the world's No. 1
commits the cardinal sin in tennis from time to time. A double on match-point.
No wonder he was down in the dumps.

He had managed to blow that second-set tiebreak, going from match point up to
set point down to one-set-all in a matter of minutes. Then, thoroughly disgusted
with himself, he moped his way through the final set - losing that, and thus the
whole shebang, 6-3.

En route to this undignified third-round exit, Sampras moped, hid his head in a
towel, stared at his strings and plucked at them like an out-of-tune guitar,
swapped one racquet for another. Which is exactly what he does every time he is
out of sorts. Whenever you see Sampras swapping racquets, put some money on the
other guy.

Against his old rival Andre Agassi last month, in the final of a tournament in
San Jose, Sampras went through five racquets in the course of a two-set match,
which he lost 6-2, 6-4. That's five racquets in 90 minutes. Something's terribly
wrong here. Either he's using cotton instead of gut in his racquet or he's being
the biggest mug of all: the craftsman who blames his tools.

I remember seeing him play Jim Courier in the quarter-finals of the French Open
in 1994. The weather was fine, conditions were good, and Sampras was changing
racquets so often that he literally had a guy running back and forwards to a
stringer in the bowels of the stadium. Nothing was right: too tight; too loose;
too pingy. Courier, meanwhile, kept plugging away with the same stick and won
handily. Sampras came unstrung.

But it's not only his racquets that are bugging him. Sampras is looking more
vulnerable than he has in a long time. He's been top of the tennis tree for 102
straight weeks, but going into this weekend he was at risk of losing the No. 1
ranking. This year he has played in five tournaments and won just one. By his
own lofty standards this constitutes a slump.

The thing about Sampras is that he is the most methodical player around. Watch
him prepare to serve. He invariably asks for two balls, checks them out, tosses
one away, does a funny wiggle with his left foot, then lets rip. When all the
gears are meshing, he is like a well-oiled machine. But if one little piece of
grit gets into the apparatus, it can break down.

Winning has become a habit with him. Adjusting to defeat and the self-doubt that
goes with it will test him more than any of his opponents over the past nine
years.

Trusting his racquet would be a handy first step. Remember this, big guy: when
you are playing well, you barely notice what's in your right hand.

And even in his unstrung state, he is doing better than the reigning US Open
champ, Patrick Rafter, who this year has won 13 matches and lost seven. But a
more telling statistic is this: last year, until the end of the US Open, he won
72 per cent of his matches; since then his winning percentage is down to 61.

Instead of boosting his confidence - as seemed likely after the open, when he
was even talking about the No. 1 ranking - Rafter has lost just a bit of the
wonderful zip and zest he showed over that fortnight at Flushing Meadows.

Perhaps there's a part of him that is wondering if, as it was for the recently
retired Pat Cash at Wimbledon in 1987, the open will be as good as it gets.

At least Rafter has not yet resorted to insatiable racquet swapping, a la
Sampras.

But I blame Sampras for some of Rafter's slide. Soon after the open, where he
had been the defending champ, Sampras crushed Rafter twice in a matter of weeks:
first in the Davis Cup semi-final; then the final of the Grand Slam Cup. It was
as if Sampras was reminding Rafter who was the sorcerer and who the apprentice.

Now it seems they've both lost some of their magic. But Pete's kidding himself
studying his strings.

That's a racquet, son, not a wand.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Misery Pete: Not a happy chap.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1998 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             August 15, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

USTA National Men's 50 Clay Court Championships a week earlier

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 550 words


There is something different this year about the USTA National Men's 50 Clay
Court Championships.

It will still be held at the same place that it has been for more than a quarter
of a century, but the dates are changing ever so slightly.

The long-standing tournament will be played at the Sarasota Bath and Racquet
Club Sept. 28-Oct 5, which is a week earlier than it has been held in the past.

"Players asked if we could move it," said tournament director Penny Wagstaff.

The senior world team championships are being held in Turkey Oct. 12-18 and the
old dates wouldn't allow players to compete in both events.

The Bath and Racquet has actually been home to a national tournament for more
than 30 years. It was originally a 45-over event before switching to a 50-over
tournament in the early 1980s.

Entry fee is $81.13 for singles and $54.25 for doubles, which includes a players
party. Entry deadline is Sept. 14.

Call 941 922-4065 for more information.

Team tennis registration

Registration is under way for fall league play in the USTA Junior Team Tennis
program.

Registration must be completed before Sept. 3 for the season, which will run
from Sept. 13 through Nov. 15.

USTA Junior Team Tennis is a recreational tennis league for players ages 8 to
18. It allows players to compete with and against players of similar skill and
age levels in a league format.

Tennis clubs scheduled to participate this season are the Sarasota Bath and
Racquet, Bradenton Country Club, Courtside Tennis, Englewood Tennis, Jacaranda
CC, Longwood Athletic Club, Englewood Sports Center, Lakewood Ranch, Laurel Oak
Country Club, The Oaks Country Club, Serendipity Racquet Club, River Strand
Country Club, The Meadows Country Club and the Mertz Tennis Center.

Contact one of the clubs or call Sue Zipay at 941 475-4489 for more information.
You may also e-mail Zipay at suezip2@verizon.net

Quick Start Saturday

Englewood Tennis Club will host a free afternoon of play in the Quick Start
format for children 10-under on Saturday.

The USTA program will start at 3 p.m. Balls and rackets will be provided. Call
941 475-3386, or 941 475-4489, to register or for more information.

Quickstart Tennis is a new concept for children and parents who have limited or
no tennis experience. The format calls for children to play on smaller courts
with lower nets and using age-appropriate equipment. Even the scoring is
simplified.

League team advances

A 3.5 team representing River Stand Country Club, with Lance Martin as captain,
won the USTA Adult League Sectional Tournament at Daytona Beach last weekend to
land a spot in the USTA national tournament.

The Bradenton team, one of three area teams that reached the sectionals,
qualified for the nationals to be played Oct. 31-Nov. 2 in Tucson.

Members of the team are Judy Robertson, Barbie Treend, Janet Maisch, Denise
Holland, Linda Curhan, Lauren Radew, Marcia Frost, Anna Bacher, Sue Booth, Caryn
Troxell, Alice Sciarrino, Lyn Wittmer de Suriol and Deb LaManna.

The team is currently planning a tennis tournament to raise funds for the trip
and is searching for sponsors and door prizes. Anyone interested in helping
should contact Barbie Treend at 941 587-3334 for more information.

National champs crowned

Tennis news and story ideas may be sent to mic.huber@heraldtribune.com or call
941 361-4853.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 02, 2000, Wednesday

Racquet group gives Jeanette highest ranking

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; AROUND AND ABOUT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 81 words



Judy Jeanette of Strings & Things in Spring Hill has been named a Master Racquet
Technician by the United States Racquet Stringers Association. It is the highest
designation a racquet sports retailer can receive.

Brooksville's Louise Harres and Spring Hill's Mark Dickinson defeated Dieter
Post (Spring Hill) and Rebecca Powell (Brooksville) 6-7, 6-1, 6-3 Sunday to win
the Y2K-Swiss Mixed Doubles Tournament at GlenLakes.

Twenty-seven pairs competed in the tournament.


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 25, 2004 Wednesday

Racquet Club gets break for sectional berth

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 937 words


A rain delay worked to the advantage of the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg 7.5
men's team in the District 12 Combo League playoff championship match.

Before the competition was postponed, two of the Racquet Club's three doubles
positions had lost the opening set or were down in the first to Shipwatch II.

When the matches resumed, the Racquet Club rebounded to beat Shipwatch 2-1 and
capture a berth in the inaugural USA Tennis Florida Sectional Combo League
Championships scheduled for January.

"We were down 3-5 in the first set when we had to stop because of the rain,"
John McQuillen said.

"The break actually favored us, and it gave us a second chance. We were able to
regroup and had a better handle on how to play them," he said.

McQuillen teamed with Don Campagna for the Racquet Club at No. 3 to beat Wendall
Walker and Alan Smith in a third-set tiebreaker with a 11-9 score.

Not to be outdone, Shipwatch II's John Beda and Pete Mosher bounced back from a
3-5 deficit at No. 2 to defeat Hernan Molina and Bob Steele 7-5, 7-5.

With it all tied at 1, the outcome depended on the No. 1 position.

First-time Racquet Club league partners Neel Voss and Ben Godwin overcame a
first-set loss to turn back Doug Godinho and Joe Bulone in a third-set
tiebreaker at 10-7.

"We started off with three straight games, then didn't play very well," Voss
said. "We lost eight of the next nine games to go down 4-6, 0-2 before the rain.
The postponement absolutely was to our advantage so that we could regroup.

"When we came back to finish, we said we were going to come out strong and
overwhelm them right away. We were both very active at the net and overall
aggressive. That made the difference."

To reach the championship, the Racquet Club eliminated Shipwatch I 3-0 on the
play of Steele and Earl Gehant at No. 1, Voss and Molina at No. 2 and McQuillen
and Campagna at No. 3.

"When we started the season with two straight wins, our expectations mounted,"
Racquet Club captain Duane Dannels said. "Then we lost two straight and finished
4-2 overall. In fact, there were four of the seven teams with the same 4-2
record to set up the playoff.

"I set up the lineup for the playoffs, relying on who I thought had the most
experience and would play best under pressure," he said. "I also considered the
effectiveness of their serves, and I wanted to pick those with the most savvy."

Dannels, in his first season as captain for a Racquet Club squad that just
joined in March, was challenged with 18 players, including seven 4.0 rated
members and 11 rated at 3.5.

Dannels' league experience in Kentucky included a 3.0 team national championship
in 1997 and numerous state titles. That, along with a weekly doubles group
headed by teammate Jack Weldon, enabled Dannels to make the critical lineup
decisions.

"I volunteered to be captain because I had done it before in Kentucky," Dannels
said. "We put the word out for the team, and players signed up on line.

"We took a number of players from the 3.5 adult team that's competing for the
state championship and used the most steady and strongest to team with the 4.0
players."

Combo players on the state-bound adult squad include Steele, Voss, Campagna, Tom
Stewart, Pete Gairing, Lon Caffee and David Laesser. Rounding out the team are
Robert Dilonardo, Gary Elliott and Joseph Craig.

NET SHOTS: Jeff Davis defended his top seed in the Florida State Championships.

He won the 45-and-over title with a 6-2, 1-3 retired injury decision over No. 2
Andres Molina. Steve Reilly was a consolation finalist.

+ Fifth-seeded Danielle Collins was a finalist in the 12-and-under division of
the First Coast Tennis Foundation Designated Tournament in Jacksonville.

Lionel Kogan placed third in boys 12 competition. Garrett Betsarakis reached the
consolation final, as did Emily Dvorak on the girls side.

Agathy Ambrozy won the girls 10 consolation draw. Quarterfinal feed-in winners
included Lindsay Dvorak (16) and Nicholas Berning (boys 16).

+ Marc Mazo defended his 55-and-over top seed with a 7-6 (3), 6-0 victory over
No. 2 Bill Christensen in the Summer Classic Designated at Royal Racquet Club in
Clearwater.

SAVE THE DATES: The 11th annual Humane Society of Pinellas Charity Tournament is
Sept. 29-Oct. 3 at Royal Racquet Club. For information on sponsorships and entry
forms, call 725-3681.

+ Plans are under way for the 21st annual Raymond James Pro/Am Tournament, Oct.
23-24 at Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club.

The charity event benefits All Children's Hospital. Contact Eric Branson,
551-5280, for information on sponsorships and playing opportunities.

COMING UP: A Fast Serve Contest is scheduled for 10 a.m. Saturday at Treasure
Island Tennis and Yacht Club. Sponsored by i9 Sports, the event includes men's
and women's divisions, with the winner in each receiving $150. Registration for
the i9 Sports Tennis League closes today. For information, call 367-5479 or go
online to  http://www.i9sports.com. The SPTC Junior Super Series is Saturday at
St. Petersburg Tennis Center. Call 823-2225 to enter. The inaugural USTA Adult
Men's Fall League will play September-October and conclude prior to the USTA
Senior Doubles League. Winners will participate in the spring league playoffs.
Interested teams should contact coordinator Norm Ott, 526-7966 or
norm.ott@verizon.net.

- News for this column may be faxed to Nancy Morgan, 796-5559; e-mailed to
namorgan46@msn.com, or sent to 710 Court St., Clearwater, FL 33756. Please
include phone number.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 22, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Tennis player uses motorized chair: The gregarious American plays left handed
getting most of his power from his back

BYLINE: Gary Kingston, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 832  words

DATELINE: ATHENS


ATHENS -- Like their able-bodied counterparts, disabled Paralympian tennis
players can be done in by a double fault or a faulty backhand. Only Nick Taylor
has to also worry about a faulty battery.

In a Paralympic Games full of extraordinary athletes, the 24-year-old from
Wichita, Kan., is a how-does-he-do-that? marvel, a guy who mesmerized anybody
who happened by the outer court he was on Tuesday evening at the Olympic Tennis
Centre.

For the first time since wheelchair tennis was introduced to the Paralympics as
a demonstration sport in 1988 -- players must be medically diagnosed with a
permanent mobility-related physical disability -- there is a quad division. Of
the 16 men and women in the mixed event, only Taylor uses a motorized chair.

The gregarious American suffers from arthrogryposis multiplex congenita.

That's a mouthful for even a quick-talking Greek.

It's a rare disorder characterized by multiple joint contractions. Taylor, who
has to have the ball persons help him drink water, has the muscle to straighten
his withered arms and legs, but can't bend them back up. He plays left-handed,
getting most of the motion -- and some surprising power -- from his back. While
most others in the quad division tape the racket into their hand, Taylor has
only a strap from the racket around his wrist.

"It does not actually keep the racket in my hands, whatsoever," he said after
dispatching Monique DeBeer of the Netherlands 6-2, 6-2 in a quarterfinal match.
"All it does is when I lose it, it saves the spectators in the crowd and saves
the racket from getting cracked in half when it goes 30 feet up in the air and
comes back down.

"I'm really surprised I never lost it tonight, as humid as it was."

Taylor uses his twisted right fingers to operate the directional joy stick on
his chair. He serves by working a ball onto the top of his right foot with his
other heel and then gently gently tossing it in the air like an able-bodied
person would off their hand.

"Its phenomenal to see someone like Nick play the game," says Sarah Hunter of
White Rock, no slouch herself as the No. 5-ranked quad player in the world, one
spot behind Taylor. "To see his function and see what he does with a tennis
racquet is just incredible."

Taylor took up tennis at age 14.

"I wanted to play a high school sport and they weren't going to let me play a
contact sport, for obvious reasons," he cracked. "You know, kill somebody trying
to play soccer. I loved soccer but there was no way. So I thought it's golf or
tennis and golf was just too scary for me.

"About a month into the season, I found out there was wheelchair tennis when one
of the top players in the world came to my hometown."

He and Hunter both said getting the quad division into the Paralympics is a huge
development for wheelchair tennis.

"Pretty much all the other sports they have either classification or a system
where somebody who has a higher disability can be included in the sport," said
Hunter. "As you can see, it's very difficult for someone who has anything wrong
with their upper limbs to compete with someone who has nothing wrong with their
upper limbs.

"So to get in here is great for the sport. It's going to hopefully show people
who are quads or who have something wrong with an upper limb that 'hey, I can
play tennis.' Ultimately, getting more people to play the game is what it's
about."

Hunter, 39, was a 6-3, 7-5 quarterfinal loser on Tuesday to Britain's Peter
Norfolk, the top-ranked player in the world and her doubles partner on the
wheelchair tennis tour.

The two had met twice previously in singles, splitting the two matches.

Norfolk, who has won nine of the last 10 tour events, took a 5-1 lead in the
first set Tuesday before a shaky Hunter finally got untracked.

"I was thinking to myself, this is the Paralympics, you can't be going down
5-1," said Hunter.

She was at 30-30 with a 5-4 lead in the second set before nerves got the best of
her and she made a couple of unforced errors. She then lost the next game at
love on her own serve, before the veteran Norfolk, 44, closed out the match by
taking the last two games with relative ease.

"I got tight, there's absolutely no question about it," said Hunter. "I
definitely wasn't as loose as I had been a bit earlier. I know I have the shots
but to activate those shots on demand is a different story."

Hunter also conceded she was feeling "a little sluggish" after being physically
sick the previous night. She insisted it only played a minor role in the loss.

"Peter is a quality tennis player and he played very well."

Norfolk will face Bas Van Erp in one semifinal, while Taylor takes on American
teammate David Wagner in the other.

"To win the inaugural quad Paralympic event would be enormous," said the classy
Norfolk. "To stay world No. 1 and win a gold medal would be the ultimate."

Hunter still has a shot at a medal, herself. She and partner Brian McPhate, a
first-round loser in quad singles, play a quarterfinal doubles match today
against a duo from Japan.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Sports Briefs

BYLINE: Windsor Star; News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Briefs; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 712  words


DERBY FIELD Curlin is undefeated, unchallenged and now he's the favourite for
the Kentucky Derby. And in drawing the No. 2 post for Saturday's race, the
imposing chestnut colt even gets to start from the same spot Affirmed did on his
way to winning the Triple Crown in 1978 -- the last horse to do so. The question
is: Can he win it? "We don't know how good this horse is, but he's just been
dominating," Churchill Downs oddsmaker Mike Battaglia said in making the colt a
slight 7-2 favourite over 4-1 Street Sense. There are two horses in the field
owned by J. Paul Reddam of Windsor -- Great Hunter (15-1) and Liquidity (30-1).

VALIANTS SILVER The Windsor Valiants U15 midget girls basketball team captured
the silver medal at Basketball Ontario's 2007 Ontario Cup in Sault Ste. Marie on
the weekend. Undefeated in pool play, the Valiants went on to defeat the
Kingston Running Rebels in double overtime but lost to the Burlington Panthers
in the final. Basketball Ontario's Hustle Award was given to Jocelyn La Rocque
for outstanding tournament play.

HOOPS AWARDS St. Anne's Brittany Hedderson, Catholic Central's Ashley Wilkes and
Miah Langlois and General Amherst's Lynsey MacDonald were named to all-star
teams at the All-Canada basketball weekend in Toronto. Other local awards went
to St. Anne's Andrew Kiss (coach of the year), General Amherst (female team of
the year), St. Anne's Hedderson (female rising star) and General Amherst's
Lynsey MacDonald (Miss Basketball Ontario).

HARVICK, MCMURRAY FINED $25,000 Kevin Harvick and Jamie McMurray have each been
fined $25US,000 and placed on probation for making contact during a caution at
Talladega Superspeedway Sunday, NASCAR said Wed-nesday. The two drivers were
penalized for what appeared to be "intentional and unnecessary contact" in the
final stages of the Aaron's 499 won by Jeff Gordon.

BAUMAN TOP PICK The Hamilton Tiger-Cats made Regina Rams star Chris Bauman the
first overall selection in the CFL's Canadian college draft Wednesday. Bauman
was Canadian university football's top receiver last season and the Tiger-Cats,
a league-worst 4-14 record last year, chose him after entertaining several trade
offers for the top pick. Bauman had 42 catches for a CIS-leading 923 yards and
10 TDs last year and at six-foot-five and 215 pounds, Bauman is a big target who
has been compared to former Regina star Jason Clermont, now a slotback with the
B.C. Lions.

NO LENDL RACKETS LEFT Former world No. 1 Ivan Lendl revealed Wednesday he does
not have a single racket left from his playing career. The American of Czech
origin said he has given away all of the rackets from a glittering career which
saw him win $21 million and 94 ATP tour titles. "I do not have any tennis racket
left," said the 47-year-old, who retired in 1994. "When I want to play, I have
to borrow one."

SERENA OUT Australian Open winner Serena Williams has pulled out of next week's
German Open in Berlin because of a groin injury, organizers said Wednesday.
Former French Open winner Anastasia Myskina has also pulled out of the
clay-court event May 7-13.

NADAL BEATS FEDERER In the end, Roger Federer's favourite surface cost him
Wednesday. Two-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal beat Federer 7-5, 4-6, 7-6
(10) in an exhibition match on a half-grass, half-clay court when Federer
couldn't reach Nadal's forehand as it took an awkward bounce across the green
side of the court in Palma De Mallorca, Balearic Islands.

MILAN IN FINAL AC Milan reached its 11th European Cup final Wednesday by beating
Manchester United 3-0 in the second leg of the Champions League semifinals and
advancing 5-3 on aggregate. Milan, which has won the European Cup six times and
will be playing in the final for the third time in the last five years, will
face Liverpool May 23 in Athens.

LACROSSE AWARD Anthony Cosmo of the San Jose Stealth was named goaltender of the
year by the National Lacrosse League Wednesday. The 29-year-old Mississauga
teacher led the league in goals-against average, 10.22, and in save percentage,
.792.

MARATHON PROTEST Kenya's top marathon runners led by three-time Boston marathon
champion Robert Cheruiyot Wednesday snubbed a government award ceremony in
reaction to a statement by the country's sports minister over their earnings.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Associated Press; WINDSOR HORSE: Exercise rider Tony Romero works out
Kentucky Derby hopeful Great Hunter at Churchill Downs Wednesday in Louisville,
Ky. The horse is owned by Windsor's J. Paul Reddam. The 133rd Kentucky Derby is
Saturday. ;
Photo: Chris Bauman. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                           September 12, 2005 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

Area stars to bolster Cup teams

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 716 words


Their backgrounds may be drastically different and they might be separated in
age by more than a decade, but Clem Hopp and Joe Bachmann share some special
things in common.

They are each the best in the country in their respective age divisions. They
both live in Sarasota. And they will represent the United States in world team
competition next month in Antalya, Turkey.

Hopp, 77, has been named to play for the U.S. team that will compete in the
Bitsy Grant Cup, a team competition for 75-over players. Bachmann will represent
the U.S. in the Britannia Cup, for players 65-over.

Both are veterans of world team competition. Hopp played in the Bitsy Grant last
year and Bachmann played in the Von Cramm Cup, for players 60-over, two years
ago.

"I just moved into the 65s this year," Bachmann said. "It's a mixed blessing.
You know you are getting older, but (the tennis) gets easier."

Bachmann grew up in Budapest, Hungary, and came to the United States at the age
of 17 to attend college. He played at Arizona State before transferring to Ohio
State. After first visiting the area when he played in a tournament at the
Sarasota Bath and Racquet Club in 1988, Bachmann eventually moved to Sarasota
full time in 1999 from Columbus, Ohio.

Hopp grew up in Michigan and played college tennis at Florida Southern. After
selling his business in Michigan, Hopp moved to Fort Lauderdale before finally
ending up in Sarasota.

Hopp plays out of Payne Park, while Bachmann plays at the Bath and Racquet Club.

"I have hit with Clem a few times," Bachmann said. "He is a very good player."

Bachmann was the National 65-over Hardcourt and Claycourt titles this year. He
is ranked No. 3 in the world.

Hopp, who was ranked No. 1 in the world last year, recently returned from
Europe, where he won the Swiss Championships as well as a tournament in Germany.

Hopp is battling Lorne Main, a Sarasota winter resident, for the top spot in the
world this year in the 75-over division.

Bachmann and Hopp will be joined in Turkey by another Sarasota resident. Jane
Lutz was named to the women's 75-over team.

Eddie Herr reminder

Roger Federer had little trouble with David Nalbandian at the U.S. Open, winning
in a rout Thursday against one of the few players he has had trouble with over
the years. The two have battled throughout their junior tennis days, as well as
during their pro careers. Federer and Nalbandian, along with Andy Roddick and
Guillermo Coria, all played in the 1998 Eddie Herr International tournament in
Bradenton. That serves as a reminder that this year's tournament will be played
Nov. 28-Dec. 4 at the IMG Academies.

Entry deadline for the prestigious junior tournament is Oct. 3. Call the
tournament office at (727) 796-5455 or go on-line at www.eddieherr.com for more
information.

Tourney entry deadline

Entry forms are out for the USTA National Men's 50 Clay Court Championships to
be held at the Bath and Racquet Club Oct 9-16.

The annual tournament features a 128-player draw in singles as well as a doubles
event. It brings in some of the top players in the nation. Entry deadline for
the long-running tournament is Oct. 2. Call 921-6675 for more information.

'Improve Your Tennis'

There will be an Improve Your Tennis Program Recreational Coaches Workshop
hosted by the USTA on Saturday at the Bath and Racquet. The event will run from
9 a.m. to 4 p.m.

There is also Rallyball Student Tennis Teams being organized for children in
grades first through eighth. The season starts Oct. 1 and play will be held at
the Riverview High tennis courts.

Call USTA Tennis Director Barb Kaiser at 927-3124 for more information.

Teaching pros gather

Area tennis teaching pros will gather today at the Colony Beach and Tennis
Resort to attend training session for the "Cardio Tennis" program. Once the pros
complete the training, their clubs will be registered as official Cardio Tennis
sites.

The program is a sort of boot camp designed to help get individuals fit,
regardless of tennis ability level.

Halloween Smash planned

The Walton Racquet Center will hold the Halloween Smash 2005 Oct. 29-30. The
men's and women's singles and doubles tournament features various ability
levels.

Entry deadline is $20 per person for one event and $30 per person for two
events. Entry deadline is Oct. 26. Call 742-5973 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           February 11, 2005, Friday

Cockcroft breaks gender barrier

BYLINE: Sally Jones

SECTION: Sport; 82

LENGTH: 257 words


ALISON COCKCROFT has gone into the record books as the first woman to play in
the Lacoste British Open Championship at Queen's Club, West London, the rackets
equivalent of a woman entering the men's singles at Wimbledon.

Cockcroft, 38, a former national standard junior squash player who took up
rackets 12 years ago and trains with Howard Angus, a former world champion, was
invited to play in the Open after winning the coveted Manchester Handicap
Championship and reaching the final of the Queen's Club weekend.

Despite a hard-fought battle in her opening match, against James Penna, a former
schoolboy champion, she bowed out in straight games but is determined to keep
taking on the men at their own game and is now looking for a partner, male or
female, for the Lacoste Amateur Doubles Championship next month.

"It was an incredible experience," she said. "I played some of the best rackets
of my life. Lots of blokes have said that the sport should be for men only but
women can use precision and court craft to make up for men's extra power."

Cockcroft, a straight-talking redhead who took up the game when working for the
LTA at Queen's Club, is an impressive all-round sportswoman -a single-figure
handicap golfer and former world No 5 at real tennis.

"She's terrific to coach," Angus said. "She has lots of determination and loves
the adrenalin rush that you get from the speed of the game. She's got bags of
potential and we're all hoping that her example will encourage more girls to try
the sport."


LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 28, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Realty News;
WEST SIDE COURTS LEASED FOR 3 YEARS

BYLINE: By Charles Friedman

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6, Column 4; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 218 words


The West Park Racquet Club, on Columbus Avenue between 97th and 100th Streets,
had been abandoned since 1979. Weeds and bushes were sprouting on the expanse of
green clay that once made up 11 courts. The fences were broken and the clubhouse
was a wreck.

Two previous owners of the club had failed to receive community approval to
erect an air-inflated ''bubble'' for indoor play, which they said was necessary
to make the club pay. Woodford Jones, an architect who operated the club for two
years, said it was repeatedly vandalized and the landlord wanted annual rent of
$100,000.

Seeking to prevent the site from becoming a parking lot, a group of tennis
players, among them Hamilton Richardson, the chairman of a small oil and gas
exploration company and once the country's topranked player, banded together.
They negotiated a three-year lease with Helmsley-Spear Inc., agents for the
owner, the Park West Village Corporation; hired a staff; and reopened as the
Columbus Racquet Club.

Stanley Kallman, a lawyer and partner in the tennis enterprise, said the terms
were $30,000 for the first year, $70,000 the second and $80,000 the third.
CHARLES FRIEDMAN

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of the Columbus Avenue facility between 97th and
100th Streets

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             May 26, 2007 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

Tourist trap? We think not;
Street performers make for a fine time at Faneuil

BYLINE: JODY FEINBERG, The Patriot Ledger.

Jody Feinberg may be reached at jfeinberg@ledger.com

SECTION: Features; pg. ONE41

LENGTH: 992 words


Pretend for a moment that you're a tourist. Of course you'd want to visit
Faneuil Hall Marketplace, part of the quintessential Boston experience.

But many locals have written it off as too touristy. If you're in that crowd,
take another look, especially this week when new entertainment debuts and the
annual Street Performers Festival returns.

Taking its cues from Walt Disney World, the marketplace is introducing roving
characters and a nighttime laser light show, as well as continuing its tradition
of crowd-pleasing outdoor entertainers.

All this fun is free and ongoing through the summer, so you're bound to find
amusement as you stroll around the three market buildings and Faneuil Hall. From
Memorial through Labor Day, nowhere else in the city will you find such a
combination of history, creativity, food and people.

"It's just a lot of fun here," said Paul Orvis, a

repeat visitor from Connecticut, who was accompanying his son' s Boy Scout
troop, which stayed overnight at Camp Sayer in Milton. "There's always something
new to see."

This year's new highlights are the daily light and laser show, an eight-minute
display set to music at dusk, and the Cobblestone Players, actors who portray
Faneuil Hall founder Peter Faneuil and people of his day.

Despite the dreary, rainy weather, Orvis and the troop of boys stood in a crowd
of more than 200 people, watching Al Miller, also known as The Human Knot,
delight with his comedic and wacky contortions.

"When you woke up today, this is probably the last thing you thought you'd see,"
said the red-haired Miller, as he squeezed his body into first an unstrung
squash racquet, then a tennis racquet, and finally, a toilet seat, while the
audience laughed and applauded.

As if that weren't enough, the Australian busker kept a running, often bawdy
commentary on his antics.

"The hardest thing is taking off the racquet without taking off the pants," he
joked as he squirmed his way free. "Now I know why it's called a squash racquet
."

At the annual Street Performers Festival on Saturday, Sunday and Monday, The
Human Knot will be joined by 35 other comedians, jugglers, acrobats, mimes and
musicians. Selected from 108 acts that auditioned, these will rotate through the
Marketplace all summer so that you're likely to catch at least one whenever you
visit.

But this weekend is the bonanza, when you can see South American musicians, a
one-man bluegrass band, a juggling unicyclist, an a cappella group and many more
performers.

Along with talent, they share a flair for bantering with onlookers and drawing
them into the act.

"I like that they talk to the audience and there's a lot of interaction," said
Mason Hilt, 18, who was visiting from Nova Scotia with his high school band.

It is easy to forget that Faneuil Marketplace has any historic significance,
since now it essentially is a place for shopping and dining. Having resident
actors portraying historic figures is both a way to entertain and a reminder of
the past.

"It adds flavor and is a good addition," said Richard Ranzer of upstate New
York, who watched a trio of 18th-century women as they chatted about Peter
Faneuil, who built Faneuil Hall in 1742 as a meeting and marketplace, with money
from his shipping business and an inheritance.

Dressed in white bonnets and long dresses, Maryann Faneuil, sister of Peter
Faneuil, bragged to her friends about her brother's accomplishments.

"All of this my dear brother Peter was largely responsible for," she intoned, as
a visitor snapped a photo. She is not pleased when Elizabeth, daughter of a
merchant, points out that Faneuil's nick name was "The Jolly Bachelor," earned
for the way he carried on with the ladies.

When they're not roving, the actors perform 20-minute skits on the second floor
of the Quincy Market building. The troupe, which also includes a town crier,
will continue throughout the year, and will add the character of Peter Faneuil
in the fall.

As much as anything else, Faneuil Hall Marketplace is known for its food court,
where nearly every food craving can be satisfied. At the 35 walk-up food stalls
in the Quincy Market building, you can buy lobster rolls, oysters and chowder,
cream puffs with flavored fillings, hot dogs and wraps in every variety, Greek,
Mexican, Indian, Japanese, Thai, Chinese and Italian fare. And then there's all
manner of ice cream, gelato, smoothies, candies, cookies and pastries.

The Marketplace also is home to popular restaurants like Cheers, Dick's Last
Resort, McCormick & Schmick's and 15 others, some of which have outdoor seating
on the promenade between the marketplace buildings. The newest is Wagamama, a
Japanese-style noodle bar that began in London and opened its first American
location here last month.

"You won't go hungry here," a visitor commented in the understatement of the
day.

If you buy food from a stall, it's a challenge to find a place to sit down,
especially during the most popular eating hours. One hint is to walk behind
Faneuil Hall, which has a park with benches overlooked by a statue of Samuel
Adams or to take a few steps to a park dedicated to former Mayor James Michael
Curley.

If you want a better sense of the history, climb the stairs of Faneuil Hall to
the Great Hall, a beautiful room which has been the platform for Colonial
revolutionaries, Abolitionists and recent presidential candidates. One of 16
sites on the Freedom Trail, it is staffed by park rangers who give free talks.

So compact is Boston that you could drop by the marketplace on your way to
dinner in the North End, a concert at Government Center or even a play in the
Theater District. A good time to stop by is just before dusk each night, when
colorful lasers shoot light onto the South, North and Quincy Market buildings,
the beams seeming to dance to the music.

"Wherever you are in the Marketplace, you'll be able to see it," general manager
Michael Kelleher said of the show, which opens Saturday. "It should be exciting
entertainment."

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Cobblestone Players interact with some young tourists at Faneuil
Hall in Boston. From left, Hollyann Marshall, talks with Sheila Benjamin, 12, of
Plymouth, while Brooke Nathanson and Lauren Foster share a laugh with Nathaniel
Benjamin, 11, of Plymouth.,
Quincy Market at Faneuil Hall Marketplace in Boston is known for its food court,
where nearly every food craving can be satisfied.,
Jesse Harrington, 5, of Montvale, N.J., shares a bench last week with a statue
of Boston Celtics legend Arnold "Red" Auerbach at Faneuil Hall Marketplace in
Boston.,

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Patriot Ledger


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            May 02, 2001, Wednesday

Racquet Club I wins another title

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 642 words



Steady play, experience and having fun contributed to Racquet Club I's second
Pinellas Area Doubles League championship in three years.

The St. Petersburg club earned 91 points out of a possible 115 to finish six
points ahead of Countryside II. Royal Racquet Club II and Treasure Island Tennis
and Yacht Club I tied for third place with 83. East Lake Woodlands II had 80
points.

"We're pretty much an equal team," said Loida Lufkin, Racquet Club I's  captain.
"Each team, of course, tried to win each week, and we would strive for a 4-1
team win. Most of all, we wanted to have fun together."

Last year, Treasure Island I finished nine points ahead of Racquet Club I. This
time, TI I is playing host to Thursday's end of the season banquet at the St.
Pete Yacht Club. The event recognizes all the 24 participating squads and
presents the top two teams with individual awards.

Only one position changed from Racquet Club I's team from last year - Leslie
Fisher and Sherrl Fry in No. 4. Returning players included Lynn Sayler and
Barbara Boucek at No. 1, Lufkin and Sandy Martin, No. 2; Peggy Rowley and Chris
Agee, No. 3; and Ann Rambo and Rosemary Uebel, No. 5.

Taking the lead after three weeks of the 23-week season, Racquet Club I posted
victories in over 15 matches in 5-0 or 4-1 competition.

"Barbara and I have been partners in PADL about four years," Sayler said. "We're
good at holding each other up. If one of us is down, the other picks up and we
stick together. Plus, being on a team, if we lose our match, we have four others
that we hope will win theirs."

Rowley and Agee have been partners three seasons. In the No. 3 position, the duo
found success with Rowley's competitive instincts, Agee said, as well as with
team unity.

"Probably our strength as a doubles team is the fact that we've played for some
time," Agee said. "That, plus the fact that we have fun together. We won PADL
two years ago, and after being second last year, it's nice to win again."

OTHER LEAGUE WINNERS: Finishing ahead of the competition in the Tuesday morning
Suncoast Ladies Doubles League was the Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club.

Bardmoor was second in the combined fall season, won the combined spring season
and was first overall among 14 teams.

The Luv Breakers edged the Royal Rackets 262-260 in Racqueteers.

SENIOR CHAMPIONS: Pinellas players captured singles and doubles titles last
weekend in the Suncoast Senior Championships at the Courtside Tennis Club in
Venice.

Peter Crewe and Bod Steckman won the 70 and 75 classes, respectively. Crewe
defeated Al Sarmiento 6-4, 6-1 in the 70s final, and No. 4 Steckman outlasted
No. 3 Bob Bushman 6-3, 1-6, 7-5 in the 75 division.

Ed Hamilton and Dave Krebs were first in 60s. Crewe and Hernan Molina were tops
in 70s, as well as were Bob Allen and Lou Lang, 75. Fred Hesse and Leo Poulin
finished second in the 65 group.

SENIORS IN ATLANTA: Competition begins today at the Cherokee Town and Country
Club in Atlanta, Ga., in the Atlanta Senior Invitational.

Local players seeded in the national tournament are Jeff Davis, No. 1 in the
40-and-over division; Jeff Chambers, No. 3 in 35; Derek Brooks, No. 4 in 30s;
and Andres Molina, No. 6 in 40s. Also entered are Jeff Winkler, 45; Pierce
Kelley, 50s; and Brad Hamilton, 60s.

JUNIOR NOTES: Local Gator Bowl competitors last weekend in Ponte Vedra included
Bugsy Bauer, 16-and-under division; Kelly Nelson and Jennifer Dent, 18; and
Goran Dragicevic, boys 18.

Bauer reached the quarterfinal round, Nelson eliminated Dent in the opening
rounds and Dragicevic was a finalist in the consolation draw.

COMING UP: The Royal Adult Classic is this weekend at Royal Racquet Club for
men's and women's age-division singles. Call 791-8415. The East Lake Woodlands
Pre-Summer Junior Super Series is this weekend in Oldsmar. Call  785-2212.


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                    Colorado Springs Racquet Club Swim Team

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.csrcswimteam.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Colorado Springs Racquet Club Swim Team (CSRC Hurricanes) is a USA
Swimming summer seasonal competitive swim team. We are part of the Pikes Peak
Swim League (PPSL), which currently has six seasonal teams, and swims under the
umbrella of Colorado Swimming Inc. We offer coaching and technique instruction
for ages 5 to 18 and all abilities, and have recently added a 19 and over group
for our team's returning college age swimmers. The goal of our team is to
provide every member an opportunity to improve swimming skills and achieve
success at his or her level of ability, from novice to state qualifier.  All of
our coaches are registered with Colorado Swimming Inc., a division of USA
Swimming. Our coaches have all the certifications and background checks
necessary to be youth coaches of USA Swimming. They provide assurances that the
time children spend in swimming will be quality time. Our meets are conducted
under USA Swimming rules, and use USA certified officials on deck.  Colorado
Springs Racquet Club Swim Team is a nonprofit team, and is run by a parent Board
of Directors in conjunction with our coaches and the club owners. We practice at
the beautiful outdoor pool at Colorado Springs Racquet Club. Although we
encourage membership to the club, as a year-round or summer member, we do have a
limited number of non-member spots on the swim team. We cap our team membership
at 115 swimmers.  Our Season begins, weather permitting, the last week of May,
and concludes at the Season

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 1, 2008 Sunday

BRIEF: Kohr purchases gym: The lease for Yorktowne Racquet, Fitness and Sports
is in dispute.

BYLINE: Jessica Milcetich, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


Jun. 1--Tennis pro Jim Kohr purchased the Yorktowne Racquet, Fitness and Sports
Complex business Friday, but it is unclear where the business will operate
because the current building is in a lease dispute.

The building, on East Prospect Road in York Township, is on Heritage Hills
property, and general partner Matt DeRose said the lease was terminated
Wednesday.

Kohr said he believes the lease is still good for five years and that the
arrangement is going to be handled by attorneys.

"He (DeRose) believes that it is up, and we believe that it is not, and the
lease is current, and that is the legal issue that is going to need to be
determined before moving forward," Kohr said.

DeRose said the only time his lawyer was involved was to inform former Yorktowne
Racquet and Fitness owner Joe Glitz that the lease had been terminated.

Heritage Hills plans to move the Blast into the building the gym currently
occupies and hopes to have it running for the fall season.

Meanwhile, Yorktowne Racquet remains open at the site, and their services remain
the same, Kohr said. He also said he is offering a summer fitness special and
has renovation plans.

jmilcetich@ydr.com; 771-2029

To see more of the York Daily Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ydr.com. Copyright (c) 2008, York Daily Record, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080601-YO-BRF-Kohr-purchases-gym-0601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2008 York Daily Record


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Brownlee; David Max applies for US Patent titled as "SPORTS RACQUET HAVING A
BENDING ZONE"

LENGTH: 211 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170014687 for US Patent, published on January 19, 2017, by
Brownlee; David Max, titled as "SPORTS RACQUET HAVING A BENDING ZONE"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Janes; Richard; (Worcester, MA) ; Brownlee; David Max; (Celina, TX)

Applicant: Brownlee; David Max SP Tennis, LLC   Louisville   CO   US US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention relates to a sports racquet having a head having a string bed is
attached to two throat beams that extend continuously downward to a shaft having
a handle. Each throat beam contains a bending zone in which the width of the
throat beam parallel to the string bed and the width of the same throat beam
perpendicular to the string bed gradually changes in equal, but opposite,
dimensions such that the circumference of the throat beam remains substantially
constant through at least the length of the bending zone or the length of the
entire throat beam. Where the width of the throat beam parallel to the string
bed is the widest and the width of the throat beam perpendicular to the string
beg is the narrowest defines the flexible cross-section or flex point of the
bending zone."


LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                August 16, 2000

SRAM a picture of success

BYLINE: By Zakri Baharudin

SECTION: Sport; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 890 words


THE Squash Rackets Association of Malaysia (SRAM), boasting of world
junior champions Nicol David and Ong Beng Hee, received the Timesport-
Sports Toto 1999 Man of the Year award in Bukit Jalil yesterday.

Nicol and Ong, too, have gone on to reach the pinnacle in Asia by
winning their respective regional crowns.

Puan Sri Irene Lee, wife of the late SRAM president Tan Sri Alex Lee,
received the trophy and a cash prize of RM10,000 from Sports Minister
Datuk Hishammuddin Hussein in a ceremony witnessed by sports officials and
the media.

The award, which was mooted in 1987, is conducted by the New Straits
Times Sports Desk and sponsored by Berjaya Sports Toto.

In his speech, NST group editor Ahmad A. Talib congratulated SRAM for
their achievements and praised their administrative set-up and junior
development programme.

"We congratulate SRAM for their successful programme in churning out
world junior and Asian champions. They should be very proud of their
accomplishment," said Ahmad yesterday.

"In line with the standard of sports in Malaysia, the NST, being more
than 150 years old, is planning to revamp its sports coverage to be more
comprehensive, informative and progressive.

"Looking at the standard of Malaysian sports today, now is a good time
to fine tune our coverage in order to help develop sports."

In 1998, Ong became world junior champion after winning the final in
Princeton, New Jersey. In the same year, Nicol bagged the women's gold
medal at the Bangkok Asian Games.

Last year, Nicol emerged as Asian junior champion in Kuala Lumpur where
the women's team also secured the gold medal.

Ong, on the other hand, won the National Open and the Castellanza Open -
a professional satellite event. Kenneth Low also stamped Malaysia's
dominance in the sport by winning the KL Open.

The Malaysian players were a formidable side at the 1999 Brunei Sea
Games where they collected a maximum of four gold and two silver medals.

In July last year, Nicol created history by winning the world junior
championship in Antwerp, Belgium.

At the 2000 Asian championships in Hong Kong recently, Nicol and Ong
claimed the women's and men's individual titles respectively.

The men's team, made up of Ong, Low, Aaron Soyza and Yap Kok Four, also
emerged as champions in the team category.


LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Timesport-Sports Toto 1999 Man of the Year.  Picture - Over to you ...
Irene, wife of the late Squash Rackets Association of Malaysia president Tan Sri
Alex Lee, receiving the Timespor-Sports Toto 1999 Man of the Year' award from
Hishammuddin on behalf of the association at Bukit Jalil yesterday.-By Khalid
Redza.

            Copyright 2000 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 27, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CHRIS' LIFE NOW REVOLVES AROUND HOME AND KIDS

BYLINE: Thom Smith

SECTION: GOOD LIFE; Pg. 4K

LENGTH: 1395 words


In so many ways Chris Evert is the same kid she was 35 years ago on the courts
at Holiday Park in Fort Lauderdale. She was special then, before she was a star,
and now, three weeks shy of her 51st birthday, she's still special.

Back then, I was a rookie sportswriter. When I first met her, she would spend
hour after hour hitting tennis balls - racket back, eye on the ball, racket
back, eye on the ball - monotony to most, a challenge to her.

In a high school tournament, she vowed she would not let her opening-round
opponent score a single point. Chris won, 6-0, 6-0, but the hapless challenger
did win one point. Chris was not happy.

But always after tennis, Chris would zip up her rackets and become the bubbly
teenager, joking as she lingered at the water fountain, conniving with friends
who often were her most serious on-court rivals.

Back then, so much of her life was family. Her dad, Jimmy, was her teaching pro.
Mom Colette was always there. Older brother Drew and younger siblings Jeannie
and John were always around the court, as eventually was little sister Claire.
All played tennis well, but not because they were pushed into it.

Her life is still all about family. Claire lives in Aspen, Colo. Dad and mom
still live in Lauderdale and drive up on weekends to play at Chris and husband
Andy Mill's 5-acre spread in Horseshoe Acres west of Boca Raton.

Jeannie lives nearby. Jeannie's husband, Brahm Dubin, runs the Delray Beach
Tennis Center and four Palm Beach County golf courses. Drew and John work at
Chris' academy west of Boca Raton, where 45 boarding students and 25 local
players learn from one of the greatest players in history.

Chris and Andy, the Olympic skier turned champion angler, are raising sons Alex,
14, Nicky, 11, and Colton, 9. When the boys all attended Unity School in Delray,
Chris drove them every day, stopping in the parking lot to dish with other
mothers. Now, the younger boys attend St. Andrews in Boca, and Alex is enrolled
in mom's academy. He plays tennis five hours a day - because he wants to - and
studies at the academy's online school supervised by the University of Miami.

"What's wonderful about Chrissie is she's made that lateral step from being
Grand Slam champion to motherhood in the most remarkable, elegant, graceful way
you can possibly imagine," Mill says.

The launch of a legend

In 1970, at age 15, Chris served noticed to the tennis world, beating the
world's top-ranked player, Australian Margaret Court, who had just won the Grand
Slam. A year later, at the U.S. Open, she survived six match points to knock off
fourth-ranked Mary Ann Eisel and lost to Billie Jean King in the semis. Next
year, she stomped Billie Jean, 6-1, 6-0, at a tournament in Fort Lauderdale, and
reached the semis in her first trip to Wimbledon.

"And when I came home from Wimbledon," she noted, "I had to empty the
dishwasher, fold the socks, pull weeds. I had to do everything, just like
everyone else."

Now, Andy has the green thumb and works in the gardens every day, but Chris
remains grounded.

"We see a lot of other athletes that are still looking for the TV contracts to
do commentary for the U.S. Open, for Wimbledon," Andy said. "They still have
that ego, that need to be known, to be famous and to be in television. That's
the very thing Chrissie is not. Her need now is to be fulfilled as a mother. She
went from being a receiver to a giver."

She gives best, she says, when she's home, which for nearly 20 years has been
Boca Raton.

"This is Horseshoe Acres," Chris says as she leads a tour of her
13,520-square-foot home and surrounding property, "and every residence has
horses but us. Andy took the stables and built an office in there. That's his
pride and joy."

Fish hang on the wall in Andy's office hideaway. The old stable has cypress
ceilings and walls, a bed, desk and a side room where he ties fishing flies and
stores the videos from the Sportsman's Journal fishing shows he hosted on
Outdoor Life Network. Placed around the room are various table-top sculptures.

"All of these beautiful pieces are trophies. I love them," Chris said, slightly
envious of her husband's creative decorating. "He's just real natural at it. I'm
good with furniture - I picked out most of the furniture - but I'm not real good
with ceilings, for example, corners and light fixtures, and details."

A trophy house

The main house sprawls: three one-story wings, plus the garage, and Andy's
fishing room. Outside, the garage, big gardens, the par-three golf course Andy
built, a pool and a soccer field out back for the kids.

The living room and dining room are stocked with overstuffed furniture, display
cases. Andy wants to bring a high-tech Ducati motorcycle from Aspen and display
it as art in one corner of the living room, just across from a portrait of Chris
by Andy Warhol.

Trophies and objets d'art abound. Three small silver plates stand on edge in a
dining room hutch - her Wimbledon trophies. They're about the size of
bread-and-butter plates, not the huge chargers she held overhead after four
Wimbledons.

"The winner just gets the small ones," she said. "I love my world championship
trophies - they're all silver bowls - that you get when you're No. 1 by the ITF.
I have seven of them somewhere."

More mementoes in the parlor: Of special significance are a big silver cup, the
1985 Field Scovell Award from the Dallas All Sports Association as the nation's
top sports figure, and a replica of a Greek urn - the 1976 Sports Illustrated
Sportswoman of the Year. On a table stands a Lucite pylon, about 15 inches tall
and 4 inches square, encasing three tennis balls - one white, one yellow and one
pink. It's also a favorite - her Broward County High School Athlete of the Year
award from 1972.

The boys' rooms are full of motocross trophies. Their sports interests have been
heavily influenced by their dad's early daredevil career as a ski racer and his
love of fast cars and bikes. They've never been seriously injured, unlike Andy
who has broken both legs, both arms and had nine knee operations. His last fall
in 1981 broke his neck, his back and a leg.

"They're very athletic, obviously," Chris says as she points to Alex's many
trophies. "Nicky's discovered flag football and school sports. Colton already
has a girlfriend. I keep the rosaries in here just to keep the balance. Colton's
got his trophies also. And each boy has a picture of Anna Kournikova."

The kitchen is large and orderly, but at night, Chris said, it's the center of
activity, though not necessarily serenity.

"We love what the kids call 'chop chop,' Japanese places where they cook it
right in front of us," Chris said, "but we hardly go out at all. During the
week, by the time the kids get home from school, it's, like, dinner, showers,
homework and bed. That's it.

"We all cook. We grill chicken and fish. Real simple."

A home-body

Even on weekends, except for trips to Spanish River Park for skimboarding,
nearly everything happens at home. If they go out, they drive five minutes to
the shopping centers on 441 at Clint Moore Road and Glades Road, where there are
theaters, Japanese and Italian restaurants, a Publix and a Toys 'R' Us. Chris
has a personal shopper at Saks Fifth Avenue but claims not to be a "lunch and
shopping girl."

"I'm not a shopper. If I am, it's because I want to get things for other people.
I like jewelry stores. If I have a girlfriend who's having a birthday - all
women love jewelry. But basically, I drop the kids off at school, and then I go
to the academy every morning from 8 to 11, and I coach and hit with the kids,"
she said. "Then, I come home and have lunch and do any business that I have to
do, and then I go back to the academy or pick up the kids.

"My life is really around this compound. My close friends, basically, are a
couple of moms, because our kids are friends. I have one or two really close
girlfriends."

Doesn't she miss the limelight?

"I never looked back; I never missed my tennis career. Having kids had a deeper
meaning for me. The circus, the adulation, the excitement of being No. 1 in the
world. The bottom line is everybody came and watched you play and cheered you,
and then they would all go home to their moms and forgot about you. There's
really no depth in that.

"Having kids was really the first thing in my life, aside from getting married,
where I felt that deeper meaning."

- thom_smith@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 Photo provided by CHRIS EVERT A FAMILY AFFAIR: Chris Evert (lower left) and
family, sometime in the 1970s. Clockwise from top left are brother Drew, father
Jimmy, mom Colette, brother John, and sisters Jeanne and Claire.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   RacketTech

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.rackettech.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   RacketTech was founded in 2009 by Master Racket Technician (MRT) Ben
Williams. The MRT is the most advanced certification attainable from the US
Racket Stringing Association. Candidates for the MRT must pass a comprehensive
written exam and practical exam. The certification must be renewed yearly so
MRTs always know the current technology.  Ben, a recent graduate from William S.
Hart High School, is pursuing a business degree at the College of the Canyons.
He played team tennis four years at Hart, three years on the varsity team.  Does
the MRT certificate matter?  Serious competitors need:   precision stringing per
manufacturer's specification to ensure correct performance and racket longevity.
consistent stringing to ensure uniform play from all rackets. careful inspection
for wear and stress to improve consistency and racket life. Competitors who
require hybrid stringing or custom tension need the services of a real
professional to ensure the work is done correctly and the racket is not damaged.
An MRT can also provide advice to tennis players at all levels on racket and
grip size and weight plus string selection and tension. Consultations ensure
that you are getting the most out of your racket and your game.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                               December 28, 1999

CONFESSIONS OF A GYM VIRGIN

LENGTH: 946 words

HIGHLIGHT: It's the time of year when we all vow to revamp our turkey-wrecked
bodies, get fit and join a gym. But if you've never been before, what can you
expect when you get there? Confirmed couch potato FLIC EVERETT dons her leggings


Somehow, the whole fitness thing always passed me by. While other people were
ab-crunching in the gym, I was biscuit-crunching on the sofa. And while they
immersed themselves in a training pool, I was happily soaking in a hot bath.

Then, two things happened. I hit my late 20s and all the bits of me that had
been relatively perky began to sag and bulge alarmingly. And my work hours got
longer, which meant I ended the day mentally exhausted but unable to sleep.

The obvious solution to both is exercise. So I have little choice as I approach
the new millennium but to look my fears straight in the bloodshot, hungover eye
and join a health club.

Joining As someone who views health clubs the way most people view open prisons,
I have certain criteria before joining. The place has to be near home, so I'll
have time to get there and back on work mornings. It has to be incredibly swish,
to make exercise as pleasant as possible. And it must have a bar, where I can
drown my sorrows after a workout.

Luckily, the Manchester Racquets Club has recently opened in Trafford Park, 10
minutes' drive away, and exudes enough of the ambience of a five-star hotel to
make my visits bearable. The word "Racquets" also attracts me, as it has a
genteel ring to it that makes me feel I might not have to sweat too much.

Kitting out My first problem is clothing. I own nothing that relates even
passingly to sport. All my shoes have heels of more than four inches and I don't
wear T-shirts unless they are lace. So I go to a sports shop and spend the
national debt of Bolivia on overpriced garments for sweating in.

I buy Nike trainers, Ellesse tops, Reebok shorts. By the end of it I look like a
12-year-old hanging round a bus-stop, draped in large, label-conscious
sportswear. But as even I can't attempt the treadmill in stacked Red Or Dead
boots, and I don't want to be laughed at more than is necessary, I decide that
the baggy leggings look is worth the embarrassment.

Assessment The staff at the Racquets club are used to dealing with tremulous
middle-aged ladies who wouldn't know a tricep from a triceratops, so my gym
idiocy is par for the course for Mark, my trainer.

Even so, I can't fight the urge to lie. Why do you want to get fit? he asks. I
witter about maximising my potential, instead of confessing that it's because I
look like a bag of frogspawn when unclothed.

He asks gently about my diet and I lie about my chocolate intake. I say "some"
instead of admitting that I am solely responsible for the chunky KitKat
shortage.

Then he writes down my goals - attend the gym regularly, eat less fat, go to
salsa classes -when personally I'd have written "be gorgeous, get taller, have a
stomach like a rock". But Mark's very big on realistic goals, so I keep quiet.

Machines It is time for Mark to show me the machines. You'll be working in the
Tone Zone, he says, cheerfully. The Terror Zone more like. The whole place is
filled with shiny, state-of-the-art equipment that looks better suited to
powering Nasa rockets than toning my bum. It is exactly like arriving at a new
school and knowing, with a dull thud of realisation, that you will never, ever
find your classroom.

Nevertheless, he walks me round, giving me a little go on each machine. He
explains that I will be doing two lots of 15 reps (What? Repetitions, he
explains, patiently). I'm OK with the first one, the tricep- press, until he
tells me that I am expected to use 10kg of weights. That's beginner level, he
smiles, as I pitch forward, crimson-faced.

After that, I cope with two reps on each one until we get to the pectoral
machine and my armpit muscles scream out in pain. This, apparently, is due to
working at a keyboard. Because I don't use my armpits to type.

The final struggle Finally I clamber on to the treadmill, thrilled at the idea
of watching MTV while taking a gentle stroll. But 6km a minute up a small slope
is like trying to keep up with an ex-boyfriend of mine who had ridiculously long
legs and would always stride six feet ahead of me. All around, people are
pounding away on their 15km-a-minute settings while I sweat and struggle up my
little hill.

After that, doing some ab-crunches on those machines that look like rocking
horse skeletons are almost a relief. But not quite.

Mark is encouraging, given that I've done about a 20th of what a normal workout
entails and I'm trembling with fatigue. Your blood pressure is very good, he
smiles. Do you exercise much? I tell the truth for once and explain that for me,
exercise is the hand to mouth movement of cake eating. "You'll be amazed how
different you'll look and feel in a month," he says. I wonder if that's because
I'll look and feel like a broken wreck but he insists I'll be well on the way to
a lifetime of fitness.

Later, I even managed a workout on my own. I did my 30 reps on everything, and
only got stuck on one machine with fancy levers that whisked my legs in the air
and left me hanging like a chicken ready to be plucked. The bicep machine nearly
killed me - I must have arms with all the power of licorice bootlaces. But I got
through it, right through to the stretches at the end, which made me feel like a
kid from Fame.

For someone who has never set foot in gym before, I think I'm doing all right -
the staff are so encouraging, it's a wonder they don't applaud me just for
wearing my trainers. I intend to keep it up for a month and then reappear,
butterfly-like, from my sportswear chrysalis, more toned, less lumpy and
generally healthier. That's if I don't collapse from exhaustion first. Either
way, I'll let you know what happens.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 1999 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                            January 14, 2005, Friday

AREA TENNIS; Don't get aced out by 'tennis elbow'

BYLINE: Tom Parkes

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 511 words


It is that time of year when everyone is coming off the holiday layoff and
preparing for the spring tennis season.

For a number of us, this means dealing with "tennis elbow." Stress on the elbow
is inevitable, because some of the force created when the ball hits the racket
automatically passes from the racket into the forearm and then to the elbow.

This repeated impact produces trauma to the tissues surrounding the elbow,
leading to inflammation and soreness. Routine activities such as turning a
doorknob, holding an umbrella or shaking hands can lead to insufferable
nightmares.

Elbow problems can be classified as either "backhand tennis elbow" or "forehand
tennis elbow."

Backhand elbow is usually caused by lack of strength in the extensor muscles of
the forearm and/or poor technique. For example, if a player hits backhand shots
by leading with the elbow, the head of the racket lags behind the elbow during
the initial part of the stroke. The impact of the ball to the racket forces the
racket to slow down immediately, and the heavy force of impact is transmitted
directly to the elbow.

Forehand tennis elbow is less common among novice players, but can occur when
your technique is not bio-mechanically sound.

To limit your risk of tennis elbow, the following steps should be helpful:

* Work with a coach to improve your technique.

* Make sure that the grip on your racket is the right size for you. A grip that
is too large or too small increases wrist-muscle fatigue, making the wrist
unstable and increasing forces at the elbow.

* Use more flexible rackets. The stiffer the racket, the greater the force
transmitted to the arm).

* String your racket at lower tensions. The tighter the strings, the greater the
force.

* Strength train your wrist muscles, as well as the muscles on the inside and
outside of the elbow. For the wrists, good exercises include squeezing a tennis
ball and doing wrist curls and extensions with a dumbbell.

* Carry out stretching exercises for muscles in the wrist and on the outside and
inside of the elbow after you play, or after a warm-up that includes light
hitting of the ball.

The following measures should help you when the ugly head of "tennis elbow"
rises up:

* Ice down your sore elbow, keeping the ice on for 10-to-12 minute intervals,
with 20-minute rests in between.

* Use oral anti-inflammatory medications as directed by your doctor.

* Apply anti-inflammatory creams to the elbow joint.

* Once the pain subsides, try using a tennis elbow brace, or 'counter brace
band,' when you play. This band slightly changes the angle of pull on elbow
tendons, distributes impact forces at the elbow, and is believed to absorb some
of the shock.

Finally, tennis elbow doesn't have to "ace you out" of your favorite sport.
Building elbow and wrist strength and making some slight changes in your game
will allow you to eliminate the ailment in straight sets.

Tom Parkes is the head tennis professional at Pine Valley Country Club. Send him
e-mail at pvcctennisyahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 8, 2017

                               PRINCE SPORTS INC

                               334 Rising Sun Rd
                             Bordentown,  NJ 08505
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 609-291-5800
FAX: 609-291-5900

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
HOOVER ID: 132709

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Private

EMPLOYEES:  80

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   If the Sport of Kings required racquets, the horses could buy them from
Prince Sports. Best known for its oversized Prince tennis racquets, sports
equipment maker Prince Sports also makes racquets and balls for badminton,
racquetball, and squash, as well as athletic shoes, apparel, and accessories.
The company's equipment is distributed in more than 100 countries. Players using
its products include Maria Sharapova, Nikolay Davydenko, Jennifer Capriati, and
Jimmy Connors. Prince was founded in 1970 as a maker of tennis ball machines and
produced its first racquet in 1976. Once part of clothing maker Benetton, Prince
filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2012 and emerged the same year.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Manufacturing Sector
          ·    SPORTING GOODS MANUFACTURING



* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
339920 - Sporting and Athletic Goods Manufacturing
SIC CODES:
3949 - Sporting and athletic goods, nec
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Head N.V.
     ·    Globeride
     ·    adidas
     ·    Wilson Sporting Goods
     ·    Rossignol


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January, 2017

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 11, 1996, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

LATEST RACQUET CLUB PLAN: A SINGLE BOARD

BYLINE: Jerry Berger

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 764 words

JERRY BERGER COLUMN


SNOOZE TO ME: Remember the proposal that the venerable Racquet Club on
Kingshighway be closed and all activities of the club be consolidated at a new
clubhouse to be built adjacent to the Racquet Club Ladue's clubhouse? Forget it.
There was a protest over the plan and the proposal was dropped.

Then came a proposed solution that would provide two separate boards to "reflect
the needs of each clubhouse, while retaining joint administrative functions and
a joint general manager." Now comes a proposal to retain a single board, with
the president, treasurer and secretary being elected by all members, and one
vice president and five board members elected directly by Kingshighway members,
and one vice president and five board members elected by Ladue members. Then
came positive response of past presidents. Finally, a newsletter was sent to
members that, according to officers, contained "very inaccurate and a misleading
account of" the proposal. The ad hoc committee for Racquet Club self-government
includes Dr. John B. Martin, Don C. Musick III, Charles E. Valier, Thomas M.
Boldt, Dr. Richard Baldwin, George S. Fowler, Frederick Lee Hawes Jr., R. Clark
Amos, John R. Fox, James H. Grove Jr. and John M. Hughes.

IN THE WINGS: KMOX radio and the American Federation of Television and Radio
Artists (AFTRA) have ratified a new contract. The new pact expires on Oct. 1,
1998. Meantime, three staffers who defected from the Voice of St. Louis for WIBV
have asked KMOX to reinstate them. "All positions have been filled, but we're
always looking for talented broadcasters," said KMOX program director Tom
Langmyer. . . .

Over at WIBV, Cathy Kelly has become a chip off the old block. The daughter of
Dan Kelly, the late Blues announcer, has clocked in as promotions director. She
was formerly with the promotions department of KSD-FM. Cathy is touting the work
of her brother, John Kelly, who is wrapping up his first season as play-by-play
announcer for the Colorado Avalanche by calling the Avalanche action in the
Stanley Cup finals. . . .

Carrie Houk has just completed St. Louis casting for the movie, "Love Kills,"
for ABC television. The film is lensing in Kansas City with principals Ellen
Burstyn and Peter Doyle. Houk, a St. Louis-based casting director, is
contributing to the cast such local performers as Angie Ohren, Tim Snay and
Matushka Lindo. . . .

Howard Lawrence, that dashing young man with the big smile and bigger voice now
appearing in the Stages production of "Brigadoon," comes by his talent naturally
- he is the nephew of crooner Steve Lawrence. Howie, 35, plays the role of
Charlie Dalrymple. Past credits include Jacob in the Off-Broadway revival of
"The Rothschilds," the Boy in Off-Broadway's "The Fantasticks, " and a string of
appearances at regional theaters across the country. He also was involved in the
production of the revue "A Night in the Catskills" in Los Angeles, Atlantic City
and Philadelphia. . . .

Hometowner John Lutz is one of 17 best-selling writers of crime fiction to
donate a short story to a paperback called "Unusual Suspects," just published by
Vintage/Black Lizard. Proceeds from the book's sale will go to Save Our
Strength, which helps fight hunger and homelessness. . . .

Got A Light? Who needs matches when the Olympic torch is handy? Frank Kane,
owner of Citizen Kane's Steakhouse in Kirkwood, hosted a fette following the
1996 Olympic Torch Run. A couple of local speed skaters who participated in the
run, Brendan Eppert, a member of the U.S. team that competed in Norway in 1994
who is now in training for the '98 Winter Games in Japan, and Jim Chapin, a
three-time Olympian ('76, '80 and '84), celebrated with cigars lit from the
flaming torch.

NAMEDROPPING: Former St. Louis alderman and trial attorney Jack Garvey has moved
his shingle over to Leritz, Plunkert and Bruning. Garvey also has taken the
reins of the Criminal Law Section of the Bar Association of Metropolitan St.
Louis. . . .

Hometowner Neil Herman, head of the anti-terrorist force in the FBI's New York
office, will receive the bureau's highest award next Tuesday in Washington. FBI
director Louis Freeh will present the Director's Award to Herman, a 26-year vet
with the agency. Herman is the son of Jack Herman, the old Globe-Democrat
sportswriter.

BOTTOMING OUT: Jack Carl, bossman of 2 CENTS Plain, writes from Venice that
lunch with a bottle of wine at the Hotel Ciprianni Venezia "costs more than I
charge. Over here, it's not pastrami, but prosciutto. The lox is great, but
there's not a bagel to be found."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              March 5, 1979 Monday

Howard's victory   earns Canada tie

BYLINE: Alan Kaufman; GAM

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: Toronto ON


By ALAN KAUFMAN
 Canada and the United States each carried off a trophy from the annual
 challenge squash matches at the Badminton and Racquet Club during the
 weekend.

In a reversal of last year's meeting in San Francisco, Canada captured
 the Lapham Cup by winning the singles event 11-4. But the Grant Trophy
 will go to the United States for the first time in four years following
 the visitor's 5-2 doubles triumph.

In singles action, the Canadian team ensured victory by sweeping the
 first four matches. In the pivotal match, Ernie Howard of Toronto
 defeated Rick Austin of Detroit 15-10, 15-13, 15-6. In 1952, Howard was
 the first Canadian to win the U.S. singles championship. He also held the
 Canadian crown that year.

In other singles play, Vinnie Taylor of Toronto beat Wade Close of
 Pittsburgh 15-9, 6-15, 18-16, 15-7; Don Leggat, a former Canadian
 titleholder, downed Bill Austin of Detroit 9-15, 15-6, 4-15, 15-11, 15-8;
 U.S. Squash Racquets Association president Warren Smith of Buffalo lost
 to Tony Wells of Toronto 15-6, 15-5, 15-10; Palmer Pace of Detroit edged
 Bill Hatch of Toronto 8-15, 10-15, 15-12, 15-12, 15-12; and Bob French of
 Toronto defeated Bill Dann of Buffalo 15-8, 15-1, 15-10.

The United States entered yesterday's doubles matches needing only one
 victory to clinch the Grant Trophy. The Buffalo pair of Charlie Jacobs
 and Jim Wadsworth squeaked out a 10-15, 7-15, 15-8, 15-12, 18-14 win over
 Ian McAvity of Toronto and John Fuller of Oakville.

In other doubles results, George Haggarty and Bruce Birgbauer of
 Detroit beat Jim Bentley and former Montreal Alouettes kicker Bill Bewley
 of Toronto 18-14, 10-15, 15-5, 15-8 and John Bacon of Detroit and Penn
 Wetlauffer of Buffalo outlasted Jeff Williams of Montreal and Jon Hickey
 of Toronto 11-15, 15-8, 8-15, 15-13, 15-7.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 5, 1991 Tuesday

OBITUARY"Howard Head   Frustration led inventor to revolutionize skis

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: Baltimore MD


BALTIMORE
Howard Head, who built ski and tennis equipment empires out of money
borrowed from friends and $6,000 in poker winnings, died Sunday night at
76.

Mr. Head, who had homes in Baltimore and in Vail, Colo., died of
complications from heart surgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital.

His innovations in the manufacturing of skis and tennis racquets helped
introduce the sports to many.

"In both cases he took a sport that was a certain degree of difficulty
and made it less difficult for the players. In skiing, he opened it up,
literally, to millions of people," said Hal Donofrio, a long-time friend.

"He did both these things because he wasn't particularly good at either
sport," Mr. Donofrio said.

"He was intrigued literally with everything from why grass grows to why
can't I ski better. He pursued those things because first he had the
interest, then the God-given talent for inventing things or making things
different from the way they were being made."

Mr. Head founded the Head Ski Co. in 1948 with $6,000 in poker winnings
and money borrowed from friends after his first trip to the slopes left
him frustrated with what he called "those clumsy, heavy wooden skis."

The former aircraft engineer from Philadelphia wanted to build a ski
out of lightweight aircraft materials.

After numerous experiments, Mr. Head successfully marketed an aluminum
ski.

Head skis went on to win Olympic medals at 1964 in Innsbruck, Austria,
and in 1968 in Grenoble, Switzerland.

Although aluminum is no longer in primary use for ski manufacturing,
Mr. Head's invention got people in the industry thinking about different
ways of making skis and cleared the path for other innovators, Mr.
Donofrio said.

Mr. Head sold his company in 1971, retired, and took up tennis, but was
frustrated by his performance in that game as well, because the racquet
kept twisting in his hand.

He bought Prince Manufacturing Co., in Princeton, N.J., which at the
time made only tennis ball practice machines. After two years of
experiments, Mr. Head's wider and longer tennis racquet was introduced.

The oversized racquet caught on quickly, and is now widely used by
tennis pros around the world. Pam Shriver used the original Prince Classic
in 1978, at 16, to become the youngest player ever to reach the finals of
the U.S. Open.

Mr. Head retired again in 1982 when he sold Prince to Cheeseborough
Ponds.

In recent years, he was known for his philanthropy in the arts and
sports medicine.

Mr. Head leaves his wife, Martha, a daughter, a sister, three
stepdaughters and five grandchildren.

He donated his body to Johns Hopkins Hospital. Services are to be held
in Baltimore later this week.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Mail (Australia)

                              June 24, 2007 Sunday
                          State - Main Country Edition

Flash of gold to fire up Aussies

BYLINE: LEO SCHLINK in London

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 102

LENGTH: 428  words


ALICIA Molik and Samantha Stosur have been given a gold-plated incentive in
their bids to halt Serena Williams's advance on a third Wimbledon crown.

Williams, the 2002-03 champion, and sister Venus, the 2000-01 and '05 winner,
will use Wilson racquets embedded with 22-carat gold inlays.

Copying Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova's use of gold-dusted shoes, the
Williams sisters are being ''honoured'' for their performances this year by
their sponsor Wilson on the sport's greatest stage.

Serena, who could play Molik in Round 2 and possibly Stosur in the round of 32,
will use a pure black racquet. Venus will wield white frames.

''I can't think of a better place to play with a racquet made with real gold
than Wimbledon,'' Serena said of the stunt which is likely to stick in the craws
of the down-to-earth Stosur and Molik.

The Williams siblings will donate money to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation
through racquet sales.

But philanthropy will be the least of their concerns over the next fortnight.

''Wimbledon means so much to me,'' Serena Williams said. ''This is where I want
to play my best tennis.''

Serena, winner of eight majors, has been labouring at Palm Beach Gardens since
her French Open quarter-final thrashing at the hands of eventual winner Justine
Henin.

''Well, since I lost, unfortunately, I had to go back home to the very, very hot
conditions in Florida,'' she said.

''So losing was a punishment for me to train.

''If I had won, then I would have been able to not endure the 200-degree
weather.

''That's what I'm going to do, unfortunately. I didn't take my opportunities in
Paris and I didn't do anything that I was supposed to do.

''I just pretty much stood back and let her take advantage of me.''

Serena opens her quest tomorrow against Spain's Lourdes Dominguez Lino before
meeting either Molik or Russian Anastasia Rodionova.

Molik, who was upset by Briton Mel South this week at Eastbourne after holding a
match point, has not played the younger Williams since Miami 1999, when she lost
in straight sets.

Her first concern will be getting over Rodionova, who is ranked five places
higher at No.69.

Triumphant in the French Open doubles, former world No.8 Molik retains the
grasscourt artillery to excel.

If the South Australian reproduces her sharpest form, she will create havoc.

Stosur, the 27th seed, faces Puerto Rican qualifier Kristina Brandi.

Stosur edged Brandi in a tight Eastbourne clash last season and, after a tough
first-round meeting with Nicole Vaidisova at the same venue this week, the
Queenslander will be anxious to simply survive.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Tennis and Racquet Club

                                939 BOYLSTON ST
                               BOSTON,  MA 02115
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (617) 536-4630
FAX: (617) 247-1978
URL: www.tandr.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Tennis and Racquet Club (T&R) was founded in 1902 and remains the oldest
athletic and social club in the city of Boston. The club is known for its
century-old tradition of court tennis (the regal, slate-walled ancestors of all
racquet sports), the unique and exciting game of racquets, and its top-rated
squash program. The T&R also offers a fitness center, men's and women's locker
rooms, function rooms, a full service member bar, and a full calendar of social
events.  Our head professionals, Jimmy Burke and Shahid Zaman Khan are among the
best in the country. Shahid and Jimmy provide private and group lessons for
members of all skill levels.  The T&R was founded to build camaraderie in a
highly welcoming atmosphere unique to a club that combines social activities and
athletics. Our squash leagues, frequent tournaments, and lively social events
provide countless opportunities for the new and seasoned member to enjoy the
club.  The T&R has reciprocal memberships with various racquet clubs located in
the United States, Canada, and England. In addition, the club is a member of the
IHRSA Passport Program which allows club members to access IHRSA affiliated
clubs around the world.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 12, 1993, Monday, City Edition

Pinellas proves a tennis gold mine

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 769 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



Competitive tennis in the golden years is flourishing in Pinellas. Recently,
six winning teams were determined from among a field of 28 and will advance to
the Florida Tennis Association 50-and-over State Doubles Championships May
14-16 in the Fort Lauderdale area.

Women's teams from Seminole Lake Racquet Club (4.5), Bardmoor Tennis and
Fitness Center (4.0) and River Crossing Country Club (3.5) topped the
Jan.-March regular-season competition. Men's teams from Shipwatch Tennis Club
(3.5), Royal Racquet II (4.0) and the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg (4.5) led
their respective divisions.

A 50-and-over doubles team consists of three doubles teams with all  players
required to be at least 50 years of age by December of the playing  season and a
current member of the U.S. Tennis Association with a current NTRP  rating.

In a team match, a point is awarded for any of the three doubles positions  won
in a best 2-of-3 sets match. The club with at least two points is named  the
match winner. An overall win-loss record determines the division winner.  In the
event of a tie, individual doubles team's wins are tabulated, with the  highest
declared the division champion.

Shipwatch Tennis Club, the men's 3.5 division champion, left no doubt  about the
winner. Although four teams were undefeated after three matches,  Shipwatch went
on to win all its matches in the 10-team division.

"We had lost some players from our last year's team, so we were searching  to
fill our team," said John Finlayson, the team's captain. "We weren't  regular
partners before, but we came up with some steady teams."

Playing for Shipwatch were Charlie Bruce and Finlayson in the top doubles
position; Henry VanDrunen and Jerry Peace in No. 2; and Roger Henning and Bill
Grampp the most often used combination at No. 3.

All of the women's teams were undefeated in the regular season, with  Bardmoor's
4.0 team winning every doubles position except one. It was the  first year for
captain Ellen Gilbert to play in the league, as it was for her  partner Pat
Bellcourt. Virginia Mauldlin, Erika Boardman and Barbara Tuck were  on last
year's 3.5 team from Bayhead Complex in Largo that finished fourth in  the
nation. Rounding out the Bardmoor team is Akemi Berlund, Arlene Henry,  Linda
Porter, Liz Dunlap and Dody Keenan.

"We mixed up our doubles partners," said River Crossing captain Maureen
Sternberg, "but we still just lost one individual doubles match."

Most often, Sternberg played with Millie Wehrly in the No. 3 position  while
Kathie Roberts and Gae Broeffel played No. 2. Phyllis Garwood and  Madeline
Masucci led the team at No. 1 and Johanna Garwood was a regular  substitute.

Seminole Lake's 4.5 women's team was unbeaten in six matches and relied on  nine
players for its success. Doubles combinations included captain Nancy  Fruit and
Shirley Selby, Marie Wallace and Sue Michelman, Carol Seaman and  Cini Malone
and Betty Royce and Fran Matwiczyk. Judy Siracusa was the team  substitute.

"I think the competition was about as close as it ever has been  locally," said
Royal Racquet II's 4.0 captain Bus Davis. "We were all  extremely equal in
ability and we're just happy to advance."

In 1991, Davis captained a 3.5 team that finished second nationally. This
year's team consists of primarily the same members, including John Logan,  Ralph
Hickey, Bill McEwen, Jack Garber, George Bouse, Bob Folwell, Guy Bono,  Carl
Bender and Chip Gamble.

Royal Racquet II, Bardmoor and Seminole Lake completed the regular season  with
identical win-loss records. Royal won one more individual doubles match  than
Bardmoor and Seminole to win the division among seven teams.

The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg won the men's 4.5 division. Larry  Kingsley
was team captain to 10 other players on the roster in the three-team  league.
The Racquet Club split matches with McMullen while the third team,  Treasure
Island Tennis and Yacht Club, forfeited all its matches after the  first one.
Based on individual matches won, the Racquet Club captured the  division title.
Playing for Racquet Club are Joe Chambers, John O'Brien, John  Dennis, Ben
Mosquera, John McKnight, Paul Shafer, Hernan Molina, Lee Baynard,  Jack Sowers
and Jerry Riddle.

Grey upsets: Lori Grey scored an upset over No. 1 seed Varita Sureephong of
Haines City to win the girls 12 title in the Ocala Junior Classic. Grey won
7-6, 7-6.

Lori's sister Christa won the girls 14 championship with a straight-set  victory
over second-seed Shannon Stafford of Gainesville.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CITY

 TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday

10 THINGS YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT .... TODD WOODBRIDGE>> TENNIS CHAMPION

BYLINE: Douglas Aiton

SECTION: MAGAZINE; 10 Things You Didn't Know About Foreword; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 652  words


1. He was always surrounded by tennis, and always thought it would be his
destiny. As a five-year-old, all his toys were tennis racquets. He can remember
his first real one. "It was a Stellar aluminium racquet that my parents gave me
when I was six." Later, when the family lived at Woolooware, in southern Sydney,
the Wilsons next door had a tennis court, and Todd pestered middle-aged Gordon
Wilson constantly for a game after school.

One afternoon Gordon froze, clutched his chest and ended up having a triple
bypass.


2. After an altercation with a female security guard at the Atlanta Olympics in
1996, he was arrested, handcuffed and briefly thrown into jail.

"Around me were druggies, prostitutes, petty thieves and drug runners."

Fortunately, he recovered his composure enough for him and Mark Woodforde to win
gold in the doubles.

He admits, however, to having a short fuse, and often wound up with a badly
misshapen aluminium racquet.


3. Having grown up in Sydney, and lived in Florida, he and his wife, Natasha,
and two children have settled in Melbourne.

"Natasha is a Melbourne girl. Melbourne is the heart of sport, and the heart of
tennis. I love Melbourne."


4. His most recent car is a Lexus RX330, for which he paid around $90,000.

But he remembers his first car. "It was a Toyota Corolla Seca, when I was 18. I
bought it brand new.

I was at the Australian Institute of Sport. It was better than Mum and Dad's
Holden Gemini."


5. He made about $10 million over 17 years as part of the world's top tennis
doubles act. Two things he lashes out on are travel and wine. A favourite wine
is St Hallett Old Block shiraz, for which he pays about $100 a bottle. "I drink
more wine than I collect."


6. As a child he was small.

"I was a bit like Charlie Brown, I guess, well fed and chubby, but still a
little titch with big ideas."

At 178cm, he was a small international tennis player, by today's standards.

"It had its pluses and minuses. It probably prolonged my career."


7. When he was 22 he became engaged to Natasha Provis, sister of tennis champion
Nicole.

They travelled together before their marriage in 1995, so he avoided the groupie
culture that envelops international tennis. "Groupies would sometimes be in the
hotel lobby as I went out to dinner.

Maybe I'd be wearing a turtle-necked sweater; when I got back, there'd be an
unsolicited turtle-necked gift waiting for me ... Being pretty naive as a young
fellow, I didn't know what these 'well-wishers' had in mind. I took their
gestures at face value and marvelled at the hospitality."


8. His childhood hero was Ken Rosewall. He had a black-and-white poster of
Rosewall above his bed. "He was my hero.

It showed him playing a typically floating backhand, the stroke that deserves
its own special niche in the shot-makers' hall of fame. I tried to model my game
on that of the man his mates called 'Muscles'. Years later, I'd be flattered
when some of my peers likened my slice to his backhand, calling it a 'Kenny'. If
only that had been true!"

Rosewall wrote the foreword for Woodbridge's recent autobiography:

Todd Woodbridge: The Remarkable Story of the World's Greatest Doubles Player
(Geoff Slattery Publishing, $34.95).


9. He thanks John McEnroe for the 11-year partnership of "the Woodies". Late in
his career, McEnroe spotted the red-headed South Australian Mark Woodforde as a
potential doubles partner and they won the US Open crown in 1989. Soon
afterwards, McEnroe started to wind down and advised Woodforde to find another
partner. "Luckily, I was able to convince Mark that I shared his enthusiasm for
doubles and his hunger for major titles." The Woodies won about one of every
four tournaments they played, achieving a record of 61 titles, 11 of them
majors.


10. Now aged 34, he works as a media commentator, public speaker and coach. He
recently trained Jonas Bjorkman, helping him to reach the 2006 Wimbledon
semi-finals against top seed Roger Federer.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TAM


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               February 26, 2002

Leading organisation to gain new image
SQUASH by Eddie Adams
STAFFORDSHIRE Squash Rackets Association has fallen in line with national body
England Squash by abbreviating their name to Staffordshire Squash.
A final decision on the logo, currently

BYLINE: by Thomasson Jill (Sentinel)

SECTION: SPORT:RACQUET:Squash, Pg.45

LENGTH: 253 words


Leading organisation to gain new image

SQUASH

by Eddie Adams

STAFFORDSHIRE Squash Rackets Association has fallen in line with national body
England Squash by abbreviating their name to Staffordshire Squash.

A final decision on the logo, currently a single green Staffordshire Knot, will
be taken at the next meeting on March 18.

CHEADLE Leisure Centres hopes of a late challenge for the Tollgate Hotel and
Leisure Staffordshire League championship took a blow at Trent Country Club.

The Moorlands club went down 17-7, with only Patrick Trafford, at fourth string,
winning his rubber in an entertaining five games against Frank Clulow.

Dave Salt, Alan Tipping, Mick Mathews and Phil Day were the Trent winners.

Alleynes Sports Centre, 16-9 winners at Northwood Stadium, lead the table, three
points ahead of Cheadle, and seven clear of Bradley House.

The Uttoxeter club, however, has a match in hand, which is likely to be crucial
towards the end of the season.

DRAYCOTT Sports Centre and North Staffs Hospital have beaten Tollgate Hotel and
Leisure and Northwood respectively to reach the quarter-finals of the knockout,
to be played during the week commencing March 10.

<B>Full draw: </B>Draycott v Bradley House; Riverside v Alleynes; Michelin v
Cheadle; Trent v NS Hospital.

ENTRIES for the womens Anna Bullock Trophy, and Alleynes Sports Centre graded
tournament close on Friday.

Anyone wanting more information should contact competition organiser Eddie
Adams, telephone (01782) 214969.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 2002 The Sentinel


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Sevenoaks Chronicle

                               February 21, 2003

Owen-Browne Cleans Up In Canada

SECTION: Sport; Other; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 488 words


A Sevenoaks racquets player has cause for a double celebration after clinching
two titles at the prestigious Canadian Amateur Championships.  Rupert
Owen-Browne was crowned singles champion for the third time at last month's
championships in Montreal and also claimed the doubles title with London-based
partner Tim Cockcroft for a record seventh time.

The former Kent Second XI cricketer, who was on the county's books for two
seasons, as well as playing for Sevenoaks Vine and Knockers Cricket Clubs, has
successfully swopped his cricket bat for a racquet enjoying a string of
successes.

The 36-year-old played nine matches - five singles and four doubles - over two
and a half days before claiming his two titles.

Having successfully booked his place in the quarter-finals of the singles, third
seed Owen-Browne's passage through to the final was made easier when opponent
Alex Coldicott, the British Under-21s singles and doubles champion, went down
with a knee injury four points into the game.

The semi-final pitted Owen-Browne against second seed Guy Devereux, a British
national working in North America. Owen-Browne emerged a 3-2 (15-11, 7-15,
15-10, 3-15, 15-8) winner.

In the final, Owen-Browne defeated number one seed and fellow Brit, Guy
Smith-Bingham 3-1 (15-5, 15-6, 11-15, 15-5).

Meanwhile, in the doubles, Owen-Browne and Cockcroft overcame Bart Sambrook and
and Karel Nemec, the number one pair in North America, 3-0 (15-5, 15-5, 15-12).

Owen-Browne, who runs his own search and recruitment business in Sevenoaks, took
particular satisfaction from his singles success.

He said: "I have been out of the game for three years because my wife and I now
have two young boys. So, to be able to go back and beat Smith-Bingham, who is
probably the number two racquets player in the world and who is also 12 years
younger than me, was good." A similar game to squash, racquets is primarily a
public schools sport. Played up and down the walls of the court, which measures
60ft long and 30ft wide, the rock hard ball, similar to a golf ball, can reach
speeds of up to 180mph.

The sport is particularly popular in North America and Canada with major amateur
and Open championships held in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago and Montreal.

Owen-Browne, of Solefields Road, first began playing as a 13-year-old at
Tonbridge School, where he practices regularly.

He made his maiden trip to the US Open in Philadelphia 17 years ago and also
took part in the Canadian Amateur Championships at the same time.

The Montreal Racquets Club has one of the most active memberships. Successfully
combining a busy social programme away from the court with an equally demanding
schedule of matches on it, Owen-Browne competes as often as he can.

A twice previous US Open winner, he plans to take part in the Detroit Amateur
and New York Open Championships in the coming months.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                       Copyright 2003 Sevenoaks Chronicle


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 25, 1989, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PARKWAY WEST FAVORED IN TENNIS SPECIAL TO THE POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 747 words


LAKE OZARK, Mo. - Forget Parkway West's 16-0 record. Erase its 4-3
regular-season triumph over Chaminade, the defending Missouri Class 4A high
school tennis champion.  ''It was all nice, but it doesn't mean that much now,''
West coach Lew Conley said. ''This is a whole new ballgame.'' Despite Conley's
insistence, the Longhorns are the team to beat in the Class 4A tennis tournament
today at the Four Seasons Racquet Club.  Parkway West takes on Kansas City
Rockhurst in a semifinal match at 9 a.m. Chaminade (14-2) plays Jefferson City
in the other semifinal. The winners meet at 2 p.m. to decide the state
championship.  Conley, for one, isn't ready to claim the top prize, even though
others have been showering his team with praise all season.  True, West has
passed every test. But in the best-of-nine-matches format used at the state
tournament, anything can happen.  The new format is in its second year. It met
with strong approval last season. Six singles matches and three doubles contests
are played, with each match counting as one point.  Simple, yet sometimes
complex.  ''You can have two of the best players in the world and that won't do
it,'' Chaminade coach Marty Michalski said. ''You've got to have depth. You need
at least five good ones.'' In the regular season, St. Louis-area teams play a
best-of-seven format.  The extra two matches used in postseason play often can
make a big difference.  The Longhorns are led by the one-two punch of senior
Scott Wolf and junior Rich Berens. Freshman Chris Moeller, sophomore John
Curtis, senior Kevin Bohm and junior Brett Hall add the much-needed balance.
Chaminade, whose attack is led by sophomore Joey Gonzales, is expected to make a
strong bid to keep its crown.  Clayton and Priory will try to dethrone Kansas
City Pembroke Hill in the 1A-3A tournament also scheduled for today at the Four
Seasons Racquet Club.  Clayton plays Nixa in one semifinal. Priory meets
Pembroke Hill in the other. The championship match is set for 2 p.m. Sophomore
Tim O'Neal and senior Oliver Nussbaum are Clayton's top guns.  Peter Gunther
leads Priory.  The individual singles and doubles tournaments will be held in
both classes Friday and Saturday.  Chaminade's Gonzales, a threat to take the 4A
singles crown, finished third last season. Lafayette's John Reeves also could be
a contender. Senior Pat Huewe of Springfield Glendale is the favorite. He lost
to Dave Roberts of Ladue in last year's title match.  Wolf and Berens lead the
area 4A contenders in doubles.  The 1A-3A singles race is wide open. Area
hopefuls include Gunther, Aquinas-Mercy senior Eric Duran and Todd Koplan of
Crossroads.  John Burroughs' duo of Andy Sharon and Tom Kouchoukos should
contend for the 1A-3A doubles title.  Belleville East's Mike Benivegna and
Marquette's Steve Moehn have qualified for the Illinois high school singles
tournament, which will be held today through Saturday in Arlington Heights.
Kurt Polk and Josh Reed of O'Fallon could be contenders in doubles play.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            October 21 1986, Tuesday

Squash Rackets: Softball rouses the Americans

BYLINE: COLIN MCQUILLAN

SECTION: Issue 62594.

LENGTH: 450 words


While most of Europe was sleeping last night, the leading figures of the
fast-developing international squash circuit were launching their latest assault
upon the lucrative North American sports scene in the shape of the Moussy United
States open championship, at the Texas Club, Houston.

Jahangir Khan, the undefeated world champion, has withdrawn from the Texas field
with damaged knee ligaments, but 14 of the world's top 22 softball players are
competing in the dollars 30,000 tournament, along with Mark Talbot and Ned
Edwards, the leading American hardball players.


The US Open is a committee's conception of a squash tournament. It is played on
a converted racketball court, with an international soft ball, to American
hardball rules and scoring and the front wall tin has been experimentally
lowered two inches, to 17 inches, to encourage adventurous drop shots and
shorter rallies.

Next week, the players will move to join a 32-man field at the Carlson Court
Club in Toronto to contest the dollars 50,000 Drakkar Noir Canadian open on what
is now viewed as a conventional all-glass court with a blue floor, playing with
a lemon-coloured ball to normal international rules and scoring. Jahangir Khan
is almost certain to return for that.

For the touring professionals, these are two welcome stops on an international
circuit which now spans the world and the calender year. For the international
softball game as a whole, they mark significant advance into new and promising
territory previously dominated by another code.

The Americans actually had their hardball squash game officially organized and
registered long before the softball version grew from its English origins to be
internationally accepted by half a hundred countries under the banner of the
International Squash Rackets Federation. Like baseball and gridiron football,
though hardball squash remained firmly limited to the Stars and Stripes. Only
neighbouring Canada bothered even to experiment with the faster, simpler, but
less satisfying version. In the late 1960s some 10,000 players were involved in
the Canadian hardball game. Now the active figure is reckoned to be more than
250,000, mostly playing softball on around 1,500 courts at 400 clubs.

The tide towards softball was encouraged both by commercial club owners and
Canadian authorities keen to be involved on the wider international squash
scene. Even the Americans accept the logic and, though many cling to the
hardball game learned at college, others are changing to softball for the summer
months and there is a reported 10 per cent annual swing from racketball to
international softball squash at American racket clubs.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            October 21 1986, Tuesday

Squash Rackets: Softball rouses the Americans

BYLINE: COLIN MCQUILLAN

SECTION: Issue 62594.

LENGTH: 450 words


While most of Europe was sleeping last night, the leading figures of the
fast-developing international squash circuit were launching their latest assault
upon the lucrative North American sports scene in the shape of the Moussy United
States open championship, at the Texas Club, Houston.

Jahangir Khan, the undefeated world champion, has withdrawn from the Texas field
with damaged knee ligaments, but 14 of the world's top 22 softball players are
competing in the dollars 30,000 tournament, along with Mark Talbot and Ned
Edwards, the leading American hardball players.


The US Open is a committee's conception of a squash tournament. It is played on
a converted racketball court, with an international soft ball, to American
hardball rules and scoring and the front wall tin has been experimentally
lowered two inches, to 17 inches, to encourage adventurous drop shots and
shorter rallies.

Next week, the players will move to join a 32-man field at the Carlson Court
Club in Toronto to contest the dollars 50,000 Drakkar Noir Canadian open on what
is now viewed as a conventional all-glass court with a blue floor, playing with
a lemon-coloured ball to normal international rules and scoring. Jahangir Khan
is almost certain to return for that.

For the touring professionals, these are two welcome stops on an international
circuit which now spans the world and the calender year. For the international
softball game as a whole, they mark significant advance into new and promising
territory previously dominated by another code.

The Americans actually had their hardball squash game officially organized and
registered long before the softball version grew from its English origins to be
internationally accepted by half a hundred countries under the banner of the
International Squash Rackets Federation. Like baseball and gridiron football,
though hardball squash remained firmly limited to the Stars and Stripes. Only
neighbouring Canada bothered even to experiment with the faster, simpler, but
less satisfying version. In the late 1960s some 10,000 players were involved in
the Canadian hardball game. Now the active figure is reckoned to be more than
250,000, mostly playing softball on around 1,500 courts at 400 clubs.

The tide towards softball was encouraged both by commercial club owners and
Canadian authorities keen to be involved on the wider international squash
scene. Even the Americans accept the logic and, though many cling to the
hardball game learned at college, others are changing to softball for the summer
months and there is a reported 10 per cent annual swing from racketball to
international softball squash at American racket clubs.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 10, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Sports of The Times;
A New Jimmy in Semifinals

BYLINE: Dave Anderson

SECTION: Section 1; Page 17, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1041 words


Wherever he went yesterday at the National Tennis Center, people recognized him
immediately. As he strolled over to practice on a back court, voices could be
heard whispering, ''That's Jimmy Arias, that's the new kid.'' For the last
decade, Jimmy Connors has been the most important ''Jimmy'' in tennis. But now
there's a new Jimmy who will oppose Ivan Lendl of Czechoslovakia today in the
men's semifinals at the United States Open before Jimmy Connors goes against
Bill Scanlon.

Jimmy Arias is only 19 years old, the youngest semifinalist in the national
championships during the 15 years of the Open era.

He's short, at 5 feet 9 inches, and skinny-legged at 145 pounds. But this is a
player who has arrived to stay - the winner of the Italian Open earlier this
year, the world's ninth-ranked touring pro. He's also blessed with a quick smile
and a quick sense of humor. He doesn't throw racquets or tantrums. At least not
now.

But back when Jimmy Arias was 13, he occasionally threw his racquet while at
Nick Bollettieri's tennis camp in Florida.

''All right,'' Nick Bollettieri would tell him, ''write me a 1,000-word essay on
why you threw your racquet.''

Thinking about that yesterday, Jimmy Arias laughed as he remembered making up
stories about how he blamed his racquet-throwing on a ''troubled childhood''
that didn't exist for him in Grand Island, N.Y., near Buffalo, as the son of a
one-time soccer player in Cuba and Spain.

''After writing a few of those essays,'' he said, ''I learned not to throw my
racquet. Instead of getting mad, I'd just concentrate better.''

His concentration was never better than it was Thursday night during a 7-6, 4-6,
6-3, 1-6, 7-5 victory over fourth-seeded Yannick Noah, the French Open champion,
in the quarterfinals.

''In a way, I'm surprised I've gotten to the semis,'' Jimmy Arias said, ''but
when the tournament started, I liked my draw. I knew I had a good chance to get
to the quarterfinals, and if I did, I knew I'd be playing Noah instead of
McEnroe, Connors or Lendl.''

To win the Open, he now must get by the second-seeded Ivan Lendl and then
probably Jimmy Connors, the defending champion.

''I don't think I can play three great matches in a row,'' he said after his
victory Thursday night. ''I've got two more to go to win here. I don't think I
can do it yet.''

It might encourage Jimmy Arias to know that Don Budge favors him to win the Open
title.

''I can't see anybody beating Arias,'' the 1938 Grand Slam champion said. ''His
backhand is a weird stroke, but it works. And his serve is better than it looks.
Some people don't think he comes to the net enough to win, but does Lendl come
in enough to win; does Connors come in enough to win?''

Arthur Ashe, the United States Davis Cup captain, believes ''it's possible'' for
Jimmy Arias to surprise Ivan Lendl.

''Jimmy is coming of age on the fast surfaces,'' Arthur Ashe said. ''For a
while, his career seemed to be floating. It appeared he might be another one of
those players who turned pro too early and floundered. But now he's getting the
confidence to go with his unbelievable ground strokes. By winning the Italian
Open and the U. S. clay-courts, he came into the Open personally confident.''

Arthur Ashe did not choose Jimmy Arias for the United States team that will play
Ireland in Dublin in three weeks.

''But he'll play a lot of Davis Cup in the future,'' Arthur Ashe said. ''We had
him as our practice player at the finals in Grenoble, France, last year. The day
John McEnroe arrived there, Jimmy took the first set, 6-2, from him and they
were 3-all in the second when I said, 'That's enough for today,' but John told
me, 'Hey, not yet.' John wouldn't leave until after he finally pulled out that
second set.

''Jimmy is a nice kid, with a nice sense of humor he uses to relieve tension.
Like his behind-the-back shot Thursday night. I couldn't believe he did that,
but maybe he figured he'd lose the point anyway. Jimmy is going to be a big
player on any surface, except maybe grass. He's got to work on his serve. He's
got a clay- courter's toss, straight up in the air. That doesn't help if he
charges the net.'' Bill Talbert, the Open tournament director and a former Davis
Cup captain, questioned Jimmy Arias's reluctance to go to the net.

''Nick Bollettieri has to convince him to go there more,'' Bill Talbert said.
''Remember when McEnroe went to the fifth set of the final with Bjorn Borg in
1980. Every time Borg had to come in with a second serve, McEnroe chipped it
back and moved to the net. You've got to have that. Arias has a big forehand and
a good backhand, but until he can come to net, his equation is lacking
something.''

Jimmy Arias has played Ivan Lendl only twice, losing both matches - by 6-4 in
the third set at the Head Cup two years ago and in straight sets at Washington
last year.

''They were a long time ago,'' Jimmy Arias was saying now. ''He's pretty much
the same player now that he was then, but I'm not. He won't be able to come in
on my backhand as much now as he did in Washington.''

Many players believe that the Open's center court is playing faster than it did
last year.

''It's a little bit faster, I played Connors in there last year,'' Jimmy Arias
said, alluding to his four-set loss to the eventual champion in the third round
last year. ''I don't like it quite this fast.''

Jimmy Arias will be playing today with a souvenir of center court. In the Open's
medical room before practicing yesterday, he held out his left hand for the
trainer Bill Norris to examine a bloody scrape.

''How'd you get that?'' Bill Norris said.

''I dove,'' Jimmy Arias said. ''I won the point. Second set, I was down a break,
4-3, his deuce. He served and volleyed, then he hit a drop-volley that I dove
for. My shot was real low over the net and he netted the volley. I was on the
ground, but I won the point.''

He also won money. As a semifinalist, he has assured himself at least $30,000;
the champion receives $120,000, the runner-up $60,000.

''But it's not the money, it's the Open,'' said Jimmy Arias, a 19-year- old who
has won $204,383 this year. ''I personally never think about the money. Even
when I beat Noah, believe me, the money never entered my mind.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Jimmy Arias

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            September 1, 2013 Sunday

Doubles teams battle it out on Day Three of Hal Wagner Tournament

BYLINE: IJ news services

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 55 words


For the past 32 years, Labor Day Weekend has meant 'Hal Wagner' for Marin's
tennis players. The Hal Wagner doubles tournament is part of the Marin Grand
Prix Series, which takes place at various clubs and parks from March through
September. The finals for each level of competition take place at the Rafael
Racquet Club on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Molly Neal, left, and partner Rebecca Bugas won their match in the
Rafael Racquet Club Hal Wagner Doubles tournament in the Woman's 4.5 section on
Sunday, Sept. 1, 2013, San Rafael, Calif. (James Cacciatore/Special to Marin
Independent Journal) James Cacciatore
Molly Neal, left, and partner Rebecca Bugas won their match in the Rafael
Racquet Club Hal Wagner Doubles tournament in the Woman's 4.5 section on Sunday,
Sept. 1, 2013, San Rafael, Calif. (James Cacciatore/Special to Marin Independent
Journal) James Cacciatore
Jon Leffers, left, and Mark Plaskon avoid a collision in their loss in the
Rafael Racquet Club Hal Wagner Doubles tournament on Sunday, Sept. 1, 2013, San
Rafael, Calif. (James Cacciatore/Special to Marin Independent Journal) James
Cacciatore
Larry Carpenter, left, and partner Adam Jaffe went on to win their match in the
Rafael Racquet Club Hal Wagner Doubles tournament on Sunday, Sept. 1, 2013, San
Rafael, Calif. (James Cacciatore/Special to Marin Independent Journal) James
Cacciatore
Larry Carpenter, from left, and partner Adam Jaffe went on to win their match
against Mark Plaskon and Jon Leffers in the Rafael Racquet Club Hal Wagner
Doubles tournament on Sunday, Sept. 1, 2013, San Rafael, Calif. (James
Cacciatore/Special to Marin Independent Journal) James Cacciatore

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 2, 2008 Monday

BRIEF: Tennis Pro Jim Kohr purchases sports complex: The lease for Yorktowne
Racquet, Fitness and Sports is in dispute.

BYLINE: Jessica Milcetich, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


Jun. 2--Tennis pro Jim Kohr purchased the Yorktowne Racquet, Fitness and Sports
Complex business Friday, but it is unclear where the business will operate
because the current building is in a lease dispute.

The building, on East Prospect Road in York Township, is on Heritage Hills
property, and general partner Matt DeRose said the lease was terminated
Wednesday.

Kohr said he believes the lease is still good for five years and that the
arrangement is going to be handled by attorneys.

"He (DeRose) believes that it is up, and we believe that it is not, and the
lease is current, and that is the legal issue that is going to need to be
determined before moving forward," Kohr said.

DeRose said the only time his lawyer was involved was to inform former Yorktowne
Racquet and Fitness owner Joe Glitz that the lease had been terminated.

Heritage Hills plans to move the Blast into the building the gym currently
occupies and hopes to have it running for the fall season.

Meanwhile, Yorktowne Racquet remains open at the site, and their services remain
the same, Kohr said. He also said he is offering a summer fitness special and
has renovation plans.

jmilcetich@ydr.com; 771-2029

To see more of the York Daily Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ydr.com. Copyright (c) 2008, York Daily Record, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080602-YO-BRF-Tennis-Pro-Jim-Kohr-purchases-sports-complex-0602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2008 York Daily Record


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   January 1, 2005 Saturday Michigan Edition

Want to learn tennis? The ball's in your court now

BYLINE: By SONNY WHITTAKER; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B6; SPORTS & RECREATION

LENGTH: 415 words


SOUTH BEND -- They call tennis a "life-long" sport.

Like golf, it's one of those rare games that the majority of people can play,
and enjoy, whether they are 6 or 86.

And although it may be the middle of winter, several area tennis pros and
managers are joining forces along with Notre Dame to offer the public a free
tennis clinic.

The clinic is open to all levels of tennis player, from a player with potential
to someone who just wants to hit the Irish team.

"Tennis is one of those great, lifetime sports and we want to let the people out
there know there is an opportunity to play," said Dale Campbell, managing
director at Lakeland Athletic Club.

"The idea is to get more people involved," said Roger Heise, manager at the
South Bend Racquet Club. "It may be just an introduction, but it may spark the
interest of an adult or junior.

"All of us involved in this are long-time tennis players and we don't want to
see tennis get stagnant. We want it to grow."

Providing lessons from 10 a.m.-noon on Saturday, Jan. 8 at the Eck Tennis
Pavilion on the campus of Notre Dame will be staff from the South Bend Racquet
Club, Lakeland Athletic Club in Niles, Sweet Spot Racquet Shop, South Bend
Community Tennis Foundation and the Notre Dame men's team.

"It's a way to get the community involved in tennis and everyone is invited to
play," said Campbell. "Everyone is invited to play and all levels are welcomed.
... It should be exciting to hit with the Notre Dame players."

"Anything that has Notre Dame written on it is outstanding," said Heise. "To
work with Bob Bayliss' talented players is really something."

According to Heise, a fixture in the area tennis community, many people think
they can just pick up a racquet and magically become their own version of Andy
Roddick or Venus Williams. In the end, Heise thinks that's what can hurt a
budding player.

"A lot of people think tennis is going to be easy," said Heise. "They try it for
six months to a year and find out that it's more difficult than they thought.
Some stay with it and keep taking lessons, but some give it up. But we want to
see people stay with it. It's a great way to exercise and meet people and you
can play in the summer or in the winter."

If you ever have wanted to learn how to play the game of tennis, the ball is now
in your court.

For additional information call Lakeland Athletic Club (269) 684-8030, Sweet
Spot Racquet Shop (574) 258-4268 or South Bend Racquet Club (574) 277-1000.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 18, 2001, Thursday, Home Edition

SPOTLIGHT: Squash has strong roots in Atlanta;
 Sports Page

BYLINE: Kent Mitchell, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: CityLife Atlanta (Extra); Pg. 7JD

LENGTH: 610 words

When word reached Georgia of an Atlanta girl winning the British Junior Open
Squash Championship, the biggest surprise was that anyone south of Philadelphia
even plays the game, much less well enough to win a world title.

Squash is regarded as a game played by Ivy League preppies, New Yorkers and
anyone who has been under the influence of the British Empire.

About 1,000 people play in metro Atlanta, ranging in age from 8 to 78, of
virtually every national origin, including British, Canadian, South African,
Indian, Pakistani, Kenyan, Australian, New Zealand, Nigerian and Malaysian.

Which partly explains how 16-year-old Marist junior Michelle Quibell developed
an interest in playing squash. Her parents are South African.

However, how she gained enough talent to do what no foreigner has done before,
win a British squash title, and win it convincingly at that, is another story.

"We have a core group of dedicated pros and volunteers here that is as good a
group as any in the country," said Eben Hardie III of Norcross, president of the
U.S. Squash Racquets Association, the sport's governing body.

Hardie, 42, is ranked No. 3 (of 11) in the 5.5 skill level (6.0 is tops) and No.
5 in the 45 and older age group.

A surprising number of Atlanta players are highly ranked nationally, and the one
name that keeps coming up is Tom Rumpler. He is a major key to Atlanta's
success.

Rumpler, director and pro at the Sporting Club at Windy Hill as well as coach at
Westminster, has been a constant figure in the sport here for 16 years.

"Tom has been a stalwart," said Keith Clemens, president of the Southeast Squash
Racquets Association. "He's a central figure, but modest about it."

Hardie said the Atlanta group went to New York in 1984 and recruited Rumpler,
then the pro at the exclusive Park Avenue Squash Club.

"He was one of the most successful pros in New York City at the time," Hardie
said. "In retrospect, I don't know why Tom came down."

"I asked for the sun, the moon and the stars, and they gave it to me," joked
Rumpler.

And he gave back, too.

"It (Atlanta) is certainly a well-managed district," said Craig Brand, executive
director of the USSRA. "Much of the credit goes to Tom Rumpler. It's a
well-managed, model system."

Another major reason for the Atlanta talent level is Diniar Alikhan, a Coca-
Cola executive who also happens to be the best squash player in town.

He ranks second in the 40-plus age group, and his skill level is the bar Atlanta
players aim for.

"One of the reasons everyone else is so good is that they have to play him
(Alikhan)," Hardie said. "Diniar has raised the level for all of us."

The third major factor is the squash community, comprising some very successful
people who have banded together to support the juniors with such efforts as a
golf tournament to raise money for good players who otherwise couldn't play a
national schedule, and by investing in the sport itself.

Rumpler's investor group and new host partner, Sporting Club at Windy Hill,
raised $ 500,000 to build the squash headquarters for Atlanta in little more
than three months.

Rumpler describes the game as "chess with a racquet," and says squash is the
most cardiovascular-demanding of any sport played with a ball. The only sports
more demanding are boxing, wrestling and long-distance running, he said.

Clemens is a little more graphic: "You could be in great tennis shape, come out
on a squash court and feel like you're going to pitch up a lung."

And they love it.

ON THE WEB: For more about squash: www.us-squash.org; www.sesra.org; www.
guide-to-squash.org; www.squashtalk.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Sporting Club at Windy Hill director and pro Tom Rumpler was recruited to come
to Atlanta from New York in 1984. / BRANT SANDERLIN / Staff
Graphic
WANT TO PLAY?
Squash pros
Sporting Club at Windy Hill, Tom Rumpler, 770-928-6838,
squashannex@mindspring.com; www.sportingclubwindyhill. com/
Concourse Athletic Club, Andre Maur, 770-698-2093, andre@globalsquash. com;
www.concourseclub.com/
Alladin Mitha, Piedmont Driving Club, 770-355- 9022
Graphic
NATIONALLY RANKED METRO ATLANTA PLAYERS
Skill level.......... .....Ranking
Women's 4.0 (5.5 is tops): 1. Michelle Quibell, Atlanta
 Women's 3.0:............. 5. Wendy Faust, Marietta
Men's 5.5 (6.0 is tops):. . 3. Eben Hardie III, Norcross.
Men's 4.5:................11. John Collar, Marietta
Men's 4.0:............... 7. John Kostro, Acworth
Men's 3.0:..... ......... 2. Dudley Stephens, Atlanta;
......................... 4. Marty Hutchinson, Atlanta

Age group..................Ranking
Girls under 19.... ...... 1. Michelle Quibell, Atlanta
Boys under 17..............1. Michael Gilman, Atlanta
Boys under 19........... 14. Bradley Mosier, Atlanta
Boys under 15........... 33. Brian Warner, Atlanta
Girls under 15............36. Katie Warner, Atlanta
Girls under 17............48. Katie Warner, Atlanta
 Men's 30+..................3. Chris Lange, Atlanta
Men's 35+................ .6. Wade Beardsley, Marietta
Men's 40+..................2. Diniar Alikhan, Atlanta;
......................... 5. Eben Hardie III, Norcross
Men's 45+.. ................2. Tom Rumpler, Kennesaw;
......................... 4. Alladin Mitha, Atlanta;
......................... 5. Michael Kilgallon, Atlanta;
......................... 6. Robert Thompson, Dunwoody;
......... ............... 7. Victor Otolorin
Men's 50+..................3. Bob Elliott, Atlanta;
..........................29 William Kujawa, Marietta;
... .......................31 Bill Edmundson, Atlanta
Men's 75+................. 5. Douglas Talbott, Atlanta

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 18, 2001, Thursday, Home Edition

SPOTLIGHT: Squash has strong roots in Atlanta;
 Sports Page

BYLINE: Kent Mitchell, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Cherokee Extra; Pg. 12JQ

LENGTH: 610 words

When word reached Georgia of an Atlanta girl winning the British Junior Open
Squash Championship, the biggest surprise was that anyone south of Philadelphia
even plays the game, much less well enough to win a world title.

Squash is regarded as a game played by Ivy League preppies, New Yorkers and
anyone who has been under the influence of the British Empire.

About 1,000 people play in metro Atlanta, ranging in age from 8 to 78, of
virtually every national origin, including British, Canadian, South African,
Indian, Pakistani, Kenyan, Australian, New Zealand, Nigerian and Malaysian.

Which partly explains how 16-year-old Marist junior Michelle Quibell developed
an interest in playing squash. Her parents are South African.

However, how she gained enough talent to do what no foreigner has done before,
win a British squash title, and win it convincingly at that, is another story.

"We have a core group of dedicated pros and volunteers here that is as good a
group as any in the country," said Eben Hardie III of Norcross, president of the
U.S. Squash Racquets Association, the sport's governing body.

Hardie, 42, is ranked No. 3 (of 11) in the 5.5 skill level (6.0 is tops) and No.
5 in the 45 and older age group.

A surprising number of Atlanta players are highly ranked nationally, and the one
name that keeps coming up is Tom Rumpler. He is a major key to Atlanta's
success.

Rumpler, director and pro at the Sporting Club at Windy Hill as well as coach at
Westminster, has been a constant figure in the sport here for 16 years.

"Tom has been a stalwart," said Keith Clemens, president of the Southeast Squash
Racquets Association. "He's a central figure, but modest about it."

Hardie said the Atlanta group went to New York in 1984 and recruited Rumpler,
then the pro at the exclusive Park Avenue Squash Club.

"He was one of the most successful pros in New York City at the time," Hardie
said. "In retrospect, I don't know why Tom came down."

"I asked for the sun, the moon and the stars, and they gave it to me," joked
Rumpler.

And he gave back, too.

"It (Atlanta) is certainly a well-managed district," said Craig Brand, executive
director of the USSRA. "Much of the credit goes to Tom Rumpler. It's a
well-managed, model system."

Another major reason for the Atlanta talent level is Diniar Alikhan, a Coca-
Cola executive who also happens to be the best squash player in town.

He ranks second in the 40-plus age group, and his skill level is the bar Atlanta
players aim for.

"One of the reasons everyone else is so good is that they have to play him
(Alikhan)," Hardie said. "Diniar has raised the level for all of us."

The third major factor is the squash community, comprising some very successful
people who have banded together to support the juniors with such efforts as a
golf tournament to raise money for good players who otherwise couldn't play a
national schedule, and by investing in the sport itself.

Rumpler's investor group and new host partner, Sporting Club at Windy Hill,
raised $ 500,000 to build the squash headquarters for Atlanta in little more
than three months.

Rumpler describes the game as "chess with a racquet," and says squash is the
most cardiovascular-demanding of any sport played with a ball. The only sports
more demanding are boxing, wrestling and long-distance running, he said.

Clemens is a little more graphic: "You could be in great tennis shape, come out
on a squash court and feel like you're going to pitch up a lung."

And they love it.
ON THE WEB: For more about squash: www.us-squash.org; www.sesra.org; www.
guide-to-squash.org; www.squashtalk.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Sporting Club at Windy Hill director and pro Tom Rumpler was recruited to come
to Atlanta from New York in 1984. / BRANT SANDERLIN / Staff
Graphic
WANT TO PLAY?
Squash pros
Sporting Club at Windy Hill, Tom Rumpler, 770-928-6838,
squashannex@mindspring.com; www.sportingclubwindyhill. com/
Concourse Athletic Club, Andre Maur, 770-698-2093, andre@globalsquash. com;
www.concourseclub.com/
Alladin Mitha, Piedmont
Driving Club, 770-355- 9022
Graphic
NATIONALLY RANKED METRO ATLANTA PLAYERS
Skill level.......... .......Ranking
Women's 4.0 (5.5 is tops):.. 1. Michelle Quibell, Atlanta
 Women's 3.0:............... 5. Wendy Faust, Marietta
Men's 5.5 (6.0 is tops) :... 3. Eben Hardie III, Norcross.
Men's 4.5:................. 11. John Collar, Marietta
Men's 4.0:................. 7. John Kostro, Acworth
Men's 3.0:................. 2. Dudley Stephens, Atlanta;
4........................ ..........Marty Hutchinson, Atlanta
Age group....................Ranking
 Girls under 19............. 1. Michelle Quibell, Atlanta
Boys under 17..... ..........1. Michael Gilman, Atlanta
Boys under 19................14. Bradley Mosier, Atlanta
Boys under 15................33. Brian Warner, Atlanta
Girls under 15............. 36. Katie Warner, Atlanta
Girls under 17............. 48. Katie Warner, Atlanta
Men's 30+....................3. Chris Lange, Atlanta
Men's 35+....................6. Wade Beardsley, Marietta
Men's 40+....................2. Diniar Alikhan, Atlanta;...........
................. 5. Eben Hardie III, Norcross
Men's 45+................... 2. Tom Rumpler, Kennesaw;
4...................................Alladin Mitha,
Atlanta;..5...................................Michael Kilgallon, Atlanta; 6...
................................Robert Thompson, Dunwoody;..7................
..................Victor Otolorin
Men's 50+....................3. Bob Elliott, Atlanta;
29..................................William Kujawa, Marietta;
31..................................Bill Edmundson, Atlanta
Men's 75+....................5. Douglas Talbott, Atlanta

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 18, 2001, Thursday, Home Edition

Squash has strong roots in Atlanta;
 Sports Page

BYLINE: Kent Mitchell, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett Extra; Pg. 11JJ

LENGTH: 610 words

When word reached Georgia of an Atlanta girl winning the British Junior Open
Squash Championship, the biggest surprise was that anyone south of Philadelphia
even plays the game, much less well enough to win a world title.

Squash is regarded as a game played by Ivy League preppies, New Yorkers and
anyone who has been under the influence of the British Empire.

About 1,000 people play in metro Atlanta, ranging in age from 8 to 78, of
virtually every national origin, including British, Canadian, South African,
Indian, Pakistani, Kenyan, Australian, New Zealand, Nigerian and Malaysian.

Which partly explains how 16-year-old Marist junior Michelle Quibell developed
an interest in playing squash. Her parents are South African.

However, how she gained enough talent to do what no foreigner has done before,
win a British squash title, and win it convincingly at that, is another story.

"We have a core group of dedicated pros and volunteers here that is as good a
group as any in the country," said Eben Hardie III of Norcross, president of the
U.S. Squash Racquets Association, the sport's governing body.

Hardie, 42, is ranked No. 3 (of 11) in the 5.5 skill level (6.0 is tops) and No.
5 in the 45 and older age group.

A surprising number of Atlanta players are highly ranked nationally, and the one
name that keeps coming up is Tom Rumpler. He is a major key to Atlanta's
success.

Rumpler, director and pro at the Sporting Club at Windy Hill as well as coach at
Westminster, has been a constant figure in the sport here for 16 years.

"Tom has been a stalwart," said Keith Clemens, president of the Southeast Squash
Racquets Association. "He's a central figure, but modest about it."

Hardie said the Atlanta group went to New York in 1984 and recruited Rumpler,
then the pro at the exclusive Park Avenue Squash Club.

"He was one of the most successful pros in New York City at the time," Hardie
said. "In retrospect, I don't know why Tom came down."

"I asked for the sun, the moon and the stars, and they gave it to me," joked
Rumpler.

And he gave back, too.

"It (Atlanta) is certainly a well-managed district," said Craig Brand, executive
director of the USSRA. "Much of the credit goes to Tom Rumpler. It's a
well-managed, model system."

Another major reason for the Atlanta talent level is Diniar Alikhan, a Coca-
Cola executive who also happens to be the best squash player in town.

He ranks second in the 40-plus age group, and his skill level is the bar Atlanta
players aim for.

"One of the reasons everyone else is so good is that they have to play him
(Alikhan)," Hardie said. "Diniar has raised the level for all of us."

The third major factor is the squash community, comprising some very successful
people who have banded together to support the juniors with such efforts as a
golf tournament to raise money for good players who otherwise couldn't play a
national schedule, and by investing in the sport itself.

Rumpler's investor group and new host partner, Sporting Club at Windy Hill,
raised $ 500,000 to build the squash headquarters for Atlanta in little more
than three months.

Rumpler describes the game as "chess with a racquet," and says squash is the
most cardiovascular-demanding of any sport played with a ball. The only sports
more demanding are boxing, wrestling and long-distance running, he said.

Clemens is a little more graphic: "You could be in great tennis shape, come out
on a squash court and feel like you're going to pitch up a lung."

And they love it.

> ON THE WEB: For more about squash: www.us-squash.org; www.sesra.org; www.
guide-to-squash.org; www.squashtalk.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Sporting Club at Windy Hill director and pro Tom Rumpler was recruited to come
to Atlanta from New York in 1984. / BRANT SANDERLIN / Staff
Graphic
NATIONALLY RANKED METRO ATLANTA PLAYERS

Skill level....... ............Ranking
Women's 4.0 (5.5 is tops):... 1. Michelle Quibell, Atlanta
Women's 3.0:................. 5. Wendy Faust, Marietta
Men's 5.5 (6.0 is tops):..... 3. Eben Hardie III, Norcross.
Men's 4.5:............... ... 11. John Collar, Marietta
Men's 4.0:................... 7. John Kostro, Acworth
Men's 3.0:................... 2. Dudley Stephens,Atlanta;
....... ..................... 4. Marty Hutchinson, Atlanta

Age group............. ........Ranking
Girls under 19............... 1. Michelle Quibell, Atlanta
 Boys under 17..................1. Michael Gilman, Atlanta
Boys under 19..... ............14. Bradley Mosier, Atlanta
Boys under 15..................33. Brian Warner, Atlanta
Girls under 15............... 36. Katie Warner, Atlanta
Girls under 17............... 48. Katie Warner, Atlanta
Men's 30+.. ....................3. Chris Lange, Atlanta
Men's 35+......................6.  Wade Beardsley, Marietta
Men's 40+......................2. Diniar Alikhan, Atlanta;
............................. 5. Eben Hardie III, Norcross
Men's 45+......................2. Tom Rumpler, Kennesaw;
......................... ... 4. Alladin Mitha, Atlanta;
............................. 5. Michael Kilgallon, Atlanta;
............................. 6. Robert Thompson, Dunwoody;
............................. 7. Victor Otolorin
Men's 50+...... ...............3. Bob Elliott, Atlanta;
............................. 29 William Kujawa, Marietta;
............................. 31 Bill Edmundson, Atlanta
Men's 75+......................5. Douglas Talbott, Atlanta
Graphic
 WANT TO PLAY?
Squash pros
Sporting Club at Windy Hill, Tom Rumpler, 770-928- 6838,
squashannex@mindspring.com; www.sportingclubwindyhill.com/
Concourse Athletic Club, Andre Maur, 770-698-2093, andre@globalsquash.com; www.
concourseclub.com/
Alladin Mitha, Piedmont
Driving Club, 770-355-9022

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           January 26, 1991, Saturday

Sport in short: Squash

SECTION: WEEKEND SPORT PAGE; Page 47

LENGTH: 55 words


COLIN KEITH, of Manchester, has signed a two-year sponsorship contract with
Dunlop. Keith, 22, is ranked No. 46 in the world.

PIMM'S PREMIER LEAGUE Second Division: Riverside GBS (Glos) 1 Dexter Rackets
(Essex) 4; GKS Caversham (Berks) 4 Barnham Broom (Norfolk) 1; Newton Abbot
(Devon) 4 Spain Bros Lingfield (Surrey) 1.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 Independent Print Ltd


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Racquet Koop

                                908 Whalley Ave.
                              New Haven,  CT 06515
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (203) 389-1900
URL: www.racquetkoop.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Racquet Koop, owned and operated by Tennis Professional - Chris Gaudreau, is
a tennis specialty shop in the New Haven, CT area. Racquet Koop has been proudly
serving Connecticut's tennis community since 1991.  Our racquet wall carries all
the major brands, newest racquets, and leading technology in the racquet
industry. We also carry many Racquetball, Squash, Platform Tennis, and Badminton
frames along with balls, string, and protective gear. You will find our shoe
collection has more non-marking tennis specific shoes than any sports store in
our area. We carry a large variety of major name brand apparel of different
styles and colors.  We have an educated staff always available and willing to
answer questions and assist you with all your tennis needs. You will be pleased
with our outstanding tennis knowledge, customer service is second to none!

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             July 8, 2004 Thursday

Store, foundation share used racket program

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 940 words


Judy Foster, president of the Suncoast Tennis Foundation, knows the partnerships
being formed by the volunteer-run community association are valuable in helping
grow the sport.

Partnerships, such as those that sponsor or support USA Team Tennis for youth or
assist in promoting recent Rock and Rally events at local malls, are key to
providing affordable grass roots programs.

Advantage Yours Tennis, a specialty shop in Clearwater, partnered with the
non-profit STF in May. Customers were encouraged to participate in its "trade
in, trade up, give back" program. Mother-daughter owners Peg Rogers and Kim
Cashman had no idea customers would participate so enthusiastically.

"We are so thrilled how everybody has embraced this program, and because of its
popularity, we'll continue it," Cashman said. "Tennis has been good to our
family and has always been a focal point in our lives. We wanted to give back in
some way."

The store offers $20 toward the purchase of a new racket to each customer who
turns in and old one to Advantage Yours Tennis. The shop restores, re-grips or
re-strings the racket and donates it to STF.

"We grew up playing on the public courts and wanted to help recreate what we
remember as wonderful opportunities for us to play tennis," Cashman said. "There
were always rackets available for anyone who wanted to play. We wanted to create
that same situation, only on a bigger scale to really make a difference in
growing the game.

"The Suncoast Tennis Foundation is a perfect match for us to try to accomplish
that goal. We are so thankful for the generosity of our customers. It's up to
them to embrace the program if they wish, and they really have. It's been
exciting."

Last week, Foster received 58 rackets from Advantage Yours Tennis store manager
Betsy Bromley, with more on the way.

"We had no idea we would get this many rackets in only a month's time," Foster
said. "It's just wonderful and it should encourage tennis facilities to run
1-2-3 introductory programs for adults. We'll now be able to provide them with
the rackets for these new players. The same is true for the schools, our youth
summer programs and after-school tennis.

"There is always a need, especially for youth rackets and, with some of our
upcoming adult programs, adult sizes are needed, too."

In the fall, the STF will offer "Welcome Back to Tennis" programs for adults
that once played tennis. Rackets will be needed for those programs as well.

Visit Web site  http://www.ourtennis.net to learn more about the STF.

JUNIOR TEAM EVENTS: Area juniors invited to play in U.S. Tennis Association Zone
Team Championships include Joel Samaha and Lindsay Dvorak in the 14 division,
slated for Monday through July 15 in Fort Lauderdale; Anthony Barrancotto, Molly
Smith and Emily Dvorak in the 12s July 28-Aug. 1 in Nashville, Tenn.; Nicholas
Berning in the 16s July 28-Aug. 1 in Winston-Salem, N.C. and George Navas in the
Junior Davis Cup July 31-Aug. 3 in Columbia, S.C.

NET SHOTS: Navas teamed with Altamonte Springs' Andrew Mazlin to reach the boys
18-and-under doubles final in the Bush Florida Open. Navas reached the
quarterfinals in singles.

Berning advanced to the boys 16 quarters in the main draw and the consolation
semifinals. Also reaching the singles quarters was Alexandria Liles in the girls
18. She and sister Christina Liles reached the girls 18 doubles semis.

Other area results: Valrico's Alex Vuckovic was third in the boys 18; Tampa's
Jeff Dadamo won the boys 16 and Wesley Chapel's Alexis Dorr won the girls 16
doubles with Puerto Rico's Natalia Guevara.

+ Danielle Collins and Morgan Basil defended their top seed in the Temple
Terrace Tennis Center's Junior Summer Bash last weekend. With both playing up in
age divisions, Collins won the girls 14 and Basil the girls 18. Dalila Chiadmi
was a girls 16 finalist.

Consolation winners included Caitlein Jammo in the girls 14 and Fabio Pagani the
boys 16.

+ Tara Vafadari won the girls 16-and-under singles title in straight sets in
last month's Clearwater Summer Classic. Other champions were Macey Cook in the
girls 12 and Brandon Anandan in the boys 14. Consolation winners were Ariana
Zayac in the girls 12, Jammo the 16 and Matthew Kopelman the boys 10.

COMBO LEAGUE: Shipwatch II posted its third win in the men's 7.5, beating
Racquet Club 2-1. Mike Carrigan and John Sturgis in No. 1 and Michael Collins
and Les Spang in No. 3 won for Shipwatch II. Jack Weldon and Bob Steele in No. 2
won for the Racquet Club.

Shipwatch II leads the league at 3-1 and the Racquet Club is second at 2-2.

Countryside Country Club leads the men's 6.5 Combo League at 4-0. The
Renaissance Vinoy is second at 2-2.

In Countryside's fourth win, 3-0 over Largo Tennis Center, Richard Boderek and
Guy Pearson won at No. 1 in three sets and Bob Poffenberger and Frank Crum won
in straight sets at No. 3. Jeff Maloy and James Taddeo won at No. 2 by default.

COMING UP: Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club hosts the USPTA Grand Prix
Circuit Saturday and Sunday. There will also be a Pro-Am and player party. Call
Scott Smith, 367-5479. Seminole Lake Tennis Center has its Spectacular Super
Series for juniors beginning Saturday. Call 394-1733, today. Royal Racquet Club
hosts its Royal Summer Series for juniors this weekend. Call 799-3200 to
register for the state-sanctioned contest.

- News for this column may be faxed to Nancy Morgan, 796-5559; e-mailed to
namorgan46@msn.com; or sent to 710 Court St., Clearwater, FL 33756. Please
include phone number.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO TIMES

SERIES: TENNIS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, NANCY MORGAN; STF president Judy Foster accepts rackets from
Betsy Bromley, store manager of Advantage Yours Tennis.

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 10, 1996, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Magill's passion: To serve with love

BYLINE: Tim Tucker

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 02F Tim Tucker

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: Athens


Outside, it is cold and windy - a day when only the diehards are playing, or
thinking, tennis. But when you're with Dan Magill, it's always the heart of
tennis season.

This recent winter-like afternoon, he is showing a visitor around his labor of
love, the Collegiate Tennis Hall of Fame, adjacent to the University of
Georgia's tennis stadium. There is a rich story behind each of 800-plus photos,
each of 100-plus rackets, and Magill revels in the telling of each.

He points to a picture of Big Bill Tilden and asks: "Did you know the greatest
American player of the first 50 years of tennis played at the bottom of the
University of Pennsylvania lineup, lost in the early rounds of the NCAAs? He
finally strengthened his weak backhand."

And then Magill points out a Wilson Kramer Pro Staff wood racket - "the last
racket used by the great Bitsy Grant before he died in 1986. Bitsy never would
change to metal."

When Magill retired from Georgia's athletics department last year, after a
half-century career highlighted by unprecedented success as tennis coach, he
also submitted his resignation as chairman and curator of the Hall of Fame.

Resignation not accepted, replied David Benjamin, executive director of the
Intercollegiate Tennis Association. Magill required no arm- twisting.

He personally hangs each photo in the Hall, types the caption that describes its
significance, stays on the prowl for more memorabilia to display. "This place
really tells not only the history of collegiate tennis but of United States
tennis," he says.

The museum opened in 1984, the $ 200,000 building a gift from country music star
Kenny Rogers and wife Marianne. There also is a Women's College Tennis Hall of
Fame, located at William & Mary.

(Another celebrity paid for the state-of-the-art lights at Georgia's tennis
stadium: actress Kim Basinger. Magill recalls that, as a teenager growing up in
Athens, she sold Cokes at tennis matches, "and I do believe we had the most
sales ever when she was behind the counter.")

Back to the Hall of Fame.

Magill points out a photo, circa 1936, of Tulane's Ernie Sutter winning the NCAA
championship. "Look at that!" he says. "He had the nerve to play in shorts! The
first player to win the NCAAs in short pants!"

Then Magill points to a racket, a Kramer Autograph model by Wilson: "That's the
last wood racket used to win the NCAA championship, by Greg Holmes of Utah in
1983." And there's a Spalding Smasher, "the first metal racket used to win the
NCAAs, by Bob Lutz of Southern Cal in '67." And there's the Wilson T-2000 used
by Jimmy Connors in '71 . . . and the Kramer Pro Staff used by John McEnroe in
'78.

(Just wondering: What started the move from wood to metal rackets? Magill: "The
game became so popular companies didn't have enough seasoned wood to make all
the rackets people wanted to buy.")

In one photo, there is a Dog learning new tricks, Herschel Walker playing
celebrity doubles during the '86 Hall of Fame induction ceremonies. "I asked him
to play," Magill remembers, "and he said he would with one condition: 'You've
got to teach me how.' He picked it up quickly."

As he talks, Magill - now a champion player in age-75-and-over tournaments -
occasionally spots a photo not hanging perfectly. He lovingly straightens each
one.

The Collegiate Tennis Hall of Fame is open Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 2
p.m. Group tours also can be arranged at other times. Admission is free. Phone:
706-542-8064.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Retired Georgia coach Dan Magill keeps involved as chairman and
 curator of the Collegiate Tennis Hall of Fame. / ANDY SHARP / Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 16, 2008 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

42 Tennis

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 286 words


Thousands of kids have learned to play tennis. Almost as many have put down the
racket in favor of a bat or stick, in part because kids have had to learn in an
adult-sized world. The U.S. Tennis Association hopes to change that. Instead of
learning to play, kids should play to learn. Well-phrased, USTA.

The latest effort is called QuickStart Tennis, aimed at 5- to 10-year-olds. The
court dimensions, nets and rackets have been downsized, so little legs can cover
the court. The balls are bigger and less bouncy, so kids have have more time to
get to the ball. Lessons - or play time, if you prefer - last eight weeks.
Prices vary by program.

QUICKSTART PROGRAMS- Beginner's World Tennis: Various locations in St. Louis and
St. Charles counties, 314-965-7777, 636-391-9898

- Just Us Tennis Foundation: 24 sites at St. Louis city parks and recreation
centers, 314-757-0613

- St. Clair Tennis Club: 733 Hartman Lane, 618-632-1400

- Kirkwood Park Tennis Center: 111 South Geyer Road, 314-822-5864

- Creve Coeur Racquet Club: 12691 Conway Road, 314-434-0344

- Des Peres Parks and Recreation: 1050 Des Peres Road, 314-835-6160

- Clayton Parks and Recreation: 50 Gay Avenue, 314-290-8519

- Bellefontaine Neighbors Parks and Recreation: 9641 Bellefontaine Road,
314-867-0700

- Hazelwood Parks and Recreation: 1186 Teson Road, 314-731-0980

- Dwight Davis Tennis Center: 5620 Grand Drive, 314-361-0177

AFTER A QUICKSTART ...

Kids can attend camps. Players of all ages can join a tennis league. The USTA
offers teams and leagues for all levels, ages and abilities. The best way to
find one is to contact the St. Louis District of the Missouri Valley Section of
the USTA, 11901 Olive Boulevard, Suite 212, 314-432-3990 or
www.stlouis.usta.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  SPORTS AND RECREATION

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Summer is a perfect time to pick up a racket and hit the tennis court.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

WAGS WATCHES OVER HIS TOURNAMENT

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: C; FL Sports; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 755 words


TENNIS: COMMENTARY

There are many who insist that Ken Wagstaff is the father of tennis in Sarasota.

Make no mistake, there was tennis here before Wagstaff arrived in town from
Shreveport, Louisiana, to give lessons at the Field Club. It was a sport that
had a foothold before Wags realized his dream by building the Sarasota Bath and
Racquet Club in 1969 on a parcel of land just east of Tamiami Trail.

And tennis has survived around the area long after his death in 2010, days short
of his 79th birthday.

But tennis was never better before, or after, Wagstaff's time at the facility
that became known as the place where players play.

Wagstaff built it and they came, a multitude of tennis players. And they have
stayed. Many for a lifetime.

While Wagstaff influenced a generation or two of tennis players, today his
lasting legacy is the National 50's Clay Court Tournament that is played each
October.

He brought the tournament to Sarasota because he wanted to play in the event.
And for several years Wagstaff was a contender.

Later he was content to get out on his personal court and compete for a match or
two. The constants were the floppy hat he wore and the gloves he would change
every other game.

Even when Wagstaff could no longer play, even after he could no longer recognize
faces or remember names,

he knew what was going on that week in October and would watch the young lions
compete in the tournament that meant so much to him.

That tournament, which began as a 45-over event before transitioning to the
50-over age division a few years later, has remained at the Sarasota Bath &
Racquet Club. Now nearing 40 years as a staple at the club, the USTA National
Men's 50 Clay Court Championships is currently in mid-week form.

"It is because of Wags that I am still playing," said Rill Baxter, who grew up
watching the tournament and realized a dream of his own by winning the event
three years ago.

When I was 15 or 16 running around the club, I would watch Wag. I would watch Ed
Fitzhugh. I would watch various people I knew or played against and I said to
myself that some day I was going to play this tournament," said Baxter shortly
before playing his second round match on Tuesday.

Life got in the way and Baxter had not played competitively in nearly 15 years
until he realized that the time to play in the tournament had arrived three
years ago.

"I thought, 'Damn. This thing is coming around and I am not ready, not even
playing,' " Baxter recalled. He got off his chair, started to prepare. Played a
few tournaments, won a couple and went on to win the tournament of his dreams.

"For me to have that vision that I was going to some day play that tournament,
that is why it was such a special moment for me," Baxter said. "It got me out of
my chair and got me playing again. It has meant a lot to me."

Today, Baxter will play for a spot in the quarterfinals as will fellow Riverview
High alumn Erik Luxembourg.

And when they arrive at the tournament desk, they will be greeted by Penny
Wagstaff, Ken's wife. Now 83, she has been another constant, running the event
since its inception. Arriving early in the morning and working late into the
night during the eight days of play, she takes the tournament personally.

"I like the 50s," she says. "The players have no egos and they play a nice game
of tennis. It is a lot of work, but I love it."

Penny has plenty of help, much of it flush with experience.

Tom Cooke, 74, who has worked as an official at the U.S. Open for 36 years, has
served as tournament supervisor here almost since the inception of the event.
Helene Andrews, now 90 and the matron of honor when Ken and Penny Wagstaff were
married in 1975, still helps out. And Nancy Mulvey, 71, has brought some new
blood to the tournament desk the past two years.

"I have always had a good crew," Penny says about the committee that also
includes her son, Scott, the tournament director. "When I think back, I don't
know how he we did it in the past. I remember working the desk all day then
rushing home to cook for 10 or 12 tournament players. Of course back then they
were all friends of Ken's and that made a difference."

Today some of the teens Ken Wagstaff taught are carrying on the fight, players
Penny used to watch run around the club as they grew from kids into adults. "It
is interesting to see what they have become," she says.

And it is interesting to see how the tournament remains part of the fabric of
the club, a facility that has been on the market for several months.

You can bet that, somewhere, Wags is watching.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IIn this October 2012 file photo Sarsaota's Rill Baxter plays an
opening match against Alex Kor in the Ken Wagstaff Memorial USTA Men's 50s Clay
Court Championships at the Sarasota Bath and Racquet Club in Sarasota. STAFF
PHOTO / DAN WAGNER IIn this June 17, 2004 file photo, Ken Wagstaff, who built
the Sarasota Bath & Racquet Club, plays one of many games with tennis partner
Tim Stark at the facility in Sarasota. STAFF FILE PHOTOs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             July 18, 2013 Thursday

Making a racquet

BYLINE: sports

SECTION: ALEX RILEY; Pg. 7-18 SPTS 10under tennis story::1

LENGTH: 813 words


DRE

Written 7-17 for 7-18

Making a racquet

Thanks to new standards, youth tennis in Cheyenne is getting a makeover.

Youth tennis

Josh Cossitt and Cheyenne Parks and Recreation are offering youth tennis lessons
at Holliday Park on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.

Students ages 4-6 are part of the QuickStart 1 program, which runs from 9-10
a.m. Ages 6-8 are part of QuickStart 2 from 10-11 a.m., and ages 8-10 are part
of

QuickStart 3 from 11 a.m.-noon. Each lesson is $12. For more information,
contact Cossitt at 221-2282

Also, for more information how you can help with 10-and-under tennis at the
Cheyenne Country Club or with the Junior Governor's Cup, contact Ken Yamada at
637-2221.

By Alex Riley

ariley@wyosports.net

CHEYENNE - Dave Boon surveys the tennis courts at Holliday Park.

It's Saturday, and there is a youth tennis tournament going on. A pair of
matches is happening at the first court between a quartet of kids who are barely
8 years old.

Instead of being played on the full-sized court, each match is happening on half
of the surface.

The pint-size players run back and forth on a court that is only 36 feet long.
They are using a ball that is lighter and bigger. And they're volleying for 10,
sometimes 15 hits before a point is decided.

"There is some really great tennis being played here," Boon says.

And that's the point: The game of tennis is being played here the way it is
supposed to be.

Thanks to a movement by the U.S. Tennis Association, the game in America has
been adapted to the younger players who are taking part.

Instead of scurrying across a 78-foot court, younger athletes are now playing on
smaller courts with less compressed balls and more size-appropriate racquets.

It's all part of the USTA's 10 and Under program that is designed to size the
game to the player, based on age.

Boon, Wyoming's executive director in the USTA, has overseen the development of
the youth program within the state.

He says the USTA's push to change how it approaches youth tennis stems from the
rise of small countries like Belgium and Serbia producing tennis stars over the
last few decades.

Based on the population difference between those nations and the U.S., it left
tennis experts with questions about what they were doing wrong.

"One of the answers to that question is: They've been doing modified courts at
younger ages a lot longer than we have," Boon says.

"What they're doing is building more well-rounded players from the very
beginning. If you've got a 6-year-old playing on a 72-foot court, they're going
to play moon ball, lob each other."

Those days are gone, thanks to adjustments in the scale.

Now, players from 5-8 years old are playing on a 36-foot court with racquets no
longer than 23 inches. The ball they're using is 75 percent less compressed, so
it doesn't bounce as high.

Players from 9-10 years old play on a 60-foot court with racquets no longer than
25 inches and with a ball that is 50 percent less compressed.

Players from 11-12 years old play on a standard 78-foot court and with standard
racquets up to 29 inches, but the ball is 25 percent less compressed.

In other words, the amount of running for younger players is less, the racquets
are easier to handle and ball bounces to their level rather than over their
heads.

"We used to start every kid out with a full-sized racquet and a yellow ball on a
full-sized court," says Josh Cossitt.

He serves as the director of tennis for Cheyenne Parks and Rec.

"That led to a lot of improvised shots because of things like where a child's
center of gravity is," Cossitt adds. "Their center of gravity is all over the
place, and it's high because it's all in their head.

"They couldn't make the swing, so we'd end up correcting shots a long time
because of the habits they developed as kids."

The city has installed new courts at Holliday and Pando parks with blended
lines. The boundaries are specific to 10-and-under tennis as they create the
recommended 60-foot court.

Ken Yamada, tennis pro at the Cheyenne Country Club, says blended lines are on
the way to his facility as well. Plans are to redo two courts this summer, and
the lines will be included.

Yamada adds that there has been discussion of creating a 10-and-under tennis
title as part of the Wyoming Junior Governor's Cup in 2014.

Boon's hope is that with the new measurements and equipment, tennis will no
longer be a sport just for tennis courts.

He has been traveling Wyoming helping elementary school physical education
teachers learn about the new ways to play the game.

Instead of being confined to an outside court, players now can take their game
to any gym, thanks to a little tape on the floor.

Whether the new guidelines make America a higher profile contender at Grand Slam
events is yet to be seen. But winning Wimbledon isn't the entire point.

"You're making a much more well-rounded player," Boon says. "You're creating
sport for a lifetime."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Conn. teen takes 3.0 title at Racquet Sports

BYLINE: By JOSH STILTS / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Monday January 30, 2012

BRATTLEBORO -- Fourteen-year-old Ryan Cloobeck held the small hollow rubber ball
in his hand and took one last look at his opponent before serving the match
point in Sunday's squash tournament.

Ryan, of Stamford, Conn., revealed a small smile before lobbing his serve into
the back court, a difficult return for his opponent, something Ryan knew very
well.

His opponent was a 12-year-old that Ryan has grown up with, his younger brother
David Cloobeck.

David tried with all his might to match his brother's strength but the two-year
age difference was too much for him to overcome and Ryan won match 11-7, 11-2
and 11-8.

Although they have played each other hundreds of times they have never met
head-to-head in a professional match before Sunday.

The brothers each had to defeat at least four other opponents to meet one
another in the level 3.0 draw final at Brattleboro Racquet Sports' third U.S.
sanctioned tournament.

Forty-nine contestants from Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York
and Vermont participated in the two-day event this past weekend.

The two boys have been playing the racquet sport for four years after they
learned it from David's best friend Simon Derby and both said they plan on
attempting to make a career out of it.

"It's all about you," David said. "All the success, all the failures, you have
no one to blame but yourself and I love it."

Ryan said his success has come from creating a variety of different shots and
changing his strategy at various points during the matches.

"You can't become predictable," he said. "That's when you've lost. You have to
mix up your style and keep them on their toes."

The tournament's director, Moss Kahler, said both of the boys are tremendous
talents but that Ryan should be playing in a higher level.

"He's that good," Kahler said. "At 14, Ryan could give the level 4.0 and 4.5
players an incredibly tough match and beat most of them."

Following their match, Kahler presented each of the brothers with a gift basket
that included Grafton cheese, maple syrup chocolate and a plaque.

In the 2.0 division, it was 12-year-old Sam Supattapone, of Hanover, N.H.,
versus 16-year-old Kelsey Burhans of Glenmont, N.Y.

Kelsey ultimately won the match but Sam's expert drop shots kept him in the
battle, she said.

"Sam has great touch to the front wall," she said. "My strategy was to get to
the 'T' (the center of the court) back from him and keep him in the corners."

Sam said he tried to keep Kelsey off balance by hitting cross-court drop shots
but her experience eventually meant the difference in the match.

Kelsey, now a junior at Albany Academies, began playing squash in the sixth
grade and said she plans to play in college.

"It's so different and fast paced," she said. "It's always a new challenge."

Kahler said the tournament was a huge success and has already started planning
for next year.

For more information about Brattleboro Racquet Sports contact Moss Kahler at
802-257-9331 or 802-258-1017.

Josh Stilts can be reached at jstilts@reformer.com , or 802-254-2311 ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ryan Cloobeck, 14, of Stamford, Conn., positions himself to backhand
the shot from his brother, David Cloobeck, 12. The shot came just before the
final point in the 3.0 level squash tournament at Brattleboro Racquet Sports on
Sunday. (Josh Stilts/Reformer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                          September 23, 2006 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

Steve Shulla's game remains none too flashy but extremely effective

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; Pg. C15

LENGTH: 761 words


Steve Shulla doesn't get to play tennis as often as he would like, but when he
does get out on the court, he makes the most of his opportunities.

While most players who compete at a national level are on the court almost
daily, Shulla is lucky to get out once a week. Yet when tournament time rolls
around, there aren't many players who are more dangerous in a draw.

When Shulla played for Riverview High School in the mid-1970s, his game wasn't
flashy but it was extremely effective. Same thing when he played for Georgia
Tech from 1978 to 1981.

Not much different today. He looks a little like a bookworm. His game is built
on a solid foundation, not laser shots. And he wins more then his share of
matches.

Shulla is ranked No. 2 in Florida in the 45-Over age division and he recently
reached the semifinals of a national tournament played in Kansas City. He had a
big lead in the semifinals before he began cramping.

"I ran out of gas," said Shulla, who was playing his second match of the day
when the cramps set in. On the way to the semifinals, Shulla managed a win over
Mark Wagner, the top-ranked player in Florida in the 45-over division.

Ranked as high as No. 13 nationally this year, Shulla is now ranked No. 20 but
should climb back up the ladder when his latest tournament is factored in.

Shulla, who has worked at the Nick Bollettieri Tennis Academy and IMG Academies
for 17 years, played high school tennis on one of Riverview's most successful
boys teams. Among the players on that team were Mike Quillen, Rick Spragins,
Steve Rownd and Jimmy Weeks.

Today, Shulla is director of sales at the IMG facility. While he is surrounded
by tennis courts, his playing time is usually limited to a weekly session at The
Meadows Country Club, where he hits with teaching pro Jon Shaw.

Shulla plans to play the 45s National Clay Court Championships in Fort
Lauderdale next month.

Shaw to compete in 50 Clays

Jon Shaw will be one of the players who will compete in the USTA National Men's
50 Clay Court Championships at the Sarasota Bath and Racquet Club on Oct. 8-15.

Shaw, who reached the consolation finals a year ago, will be one of several area
players competing against the top 50-over players in the country.

Entry fee is $70 for singles and $35 for doubles per player. Entry deadline is
Oct. 1. Contact the Bath and Racquet at 921-6675 for more info.

Sarasotans hit the beach

Sarasota residents Kevin Lechlitner and Winston Owen went unbeaten in pool play
but then ran into the second-seeded team in the single-elimination knockout
round and lost in the quarterfinals of the 2006 U.S. Beach Tennis Open National
Championships in Long Beach, N.Y.

Lechlitner, the general manager at The Landings Racquet Club, and Owen, a
teaching pro at Serendipity Racquet Club, advanced to the national finals by
winning a qualifying tournament on Holmes Beach.

The finals featured 20 teams and though they lost in the quarterfinals,
Lechlitner and Owen were able to spend three days at the U.S. Open.

Fund-raisers coming up

A pair of events designed to raise money are on the horizon.

The "Hawaii Four-O" round-robin tennis tournament will be held Sept. 30 at the
Sarasota Bath and Racquet Club. The event is being held to raise funds for the
4.0 ladies team so it can travel to Hawaii for the national finals. The team
advanced by winning the sectional tournament in Daytona Beach last month.

The benefit will be a team format for ABC players, with a maximum of 16 teams
and 96 players. Entry fee is $25 per player. There will also be raffles after
each round. Entry deadline is Tuesday and entry forms are available at the Bath
and Racquet Club as well as other area pro shops.

That same weekend, The Colony Beach and Tennis Resort will hold a tennis
tournament to benefit group education and scholarship programs at The Community
Music School, a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing music lessons for
children and adults regardless of ability to pay.

There will be play in men's and women's singles, doubles and mixed doubles in
beginner, intermediate and advanced/open levels. The tournament will begin
Thursday.

Entry fee is $50 and deadline is Sunday. Call 929-1859 for more information.

Bollettieri signs on

The new Nick Bollettieri street sign will be unveiled Tuesday at 12:30 p.m. The
sign is at the intersection of 53rd Avenue West and what is now 47th Street in
Bradenton. The Manatee County commissioners had presented Bollettieri with the
sign that read Bollettieri Blvd. but the official unveiling of the sign was
delayed until the tennis coach returned from the U.S. Open.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 3, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BUSINESS PEOPLE;
Tennis Unit President Named at Chesebrough

BYLINE: By Daniel F. Cuff

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 324 words


From introducing Ragu pizza sauce in Japan one day to heading up a maker of
tennis racquets on another - that's life at Chesebrough-Pond's Inc., the
diversified consumer-products concern based in Greenwich, Conn.

Michael Borkowsky, 42, who is currently vice president for new business
development at Chesebrough-Pond's, will become president of the company's Prince
tennis racquet division in Princeton, N.J., effective April 1.
Chesebrough-Pond's bought the company last year from Howard Head, who devised
the large-face racquets that the company makes.

Mr. Borkowsky will succeed John P. Murray Jr., president of Prince since 1978.
Mr. Murray will remain with the division through the end of the year in the
newly created post of chairman.

Mr. Borkowsky, as vice president for new business development, recently returned
from Japan, where Ragu pizza sauce was being introduced. Although he is new to
the tennis-racquet industry, Mr.  Borkowsky said that ''what I expect to bring
is the marketing factor.''

Mr. Murray, he said, took Prince ''as far as he was really interested in taking
it,'' adding, ''He's a guy who likes to build a business from scratch, and he
did a very good job of building it.'' Prince went from $9 million in sales in
1979 to the $50 million range last year, Mr. Borkowsky said.

In addition to Ragu and Prince, Chesebrough-Pond's makes a host of branded
consumer products; it had sales last year of $1.62 billion.  ''They are all
strong branded products,'' Mr. Borkowsky said of the company's lines. ''That's
been the thread of consistency. We've always acquired strong consumer
franchises.''

Mr. Borkowsky joined the company in 1969 as a product manager and was named a
corporate vice president in 1980. He was previously associated with Batten,
Barton, Durstine & Osborn Inc., the advertising agency. He holds a mechanical
engineering degree from Cooper Union and an M.B.A. from Purdue.

Daniel F. Cuff

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 11, 2006 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Tennis has taken Taylor on trips all over the world

BYLINE: RON POWELL, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


NFL Hall of Fame running back Barry Sanders used to be the most amazing athlete
from Wichita I'd ever witnessed. That is, until last Sunday, when I saw Nick
Taylor, a quadriplegic, play tennis in the Capital City Wheelchair Classic.

Words can't describe what Taylor, ranked No. 2 in the world in the wheelchair
quad division, can do on a tennis court. One look at his hands and wrists and
you'd think there's no way he could grip a racket, let alone swing it and hit a
tennis ball.

The 25-year-old Taylor can do more than just hit it. He can drive it, slice it
or put heavy topspin on it. He masterfully guides his electric wheelchair with
his right hand, putting himself in position to rip Rafael Nadal-type forehand
angle shots with his left hand.

The racquet is strapped to his wrist so he doesn't lose it.

"I broke too many racquets when they'd fly out of hand," explained Taylor, who
powers his back and shoulder into every shot. "I'd rather have them (the
racquets) hitting me in the head than on the concrete where they can break."

So how does he describe the grip he uses to hit the ball?

"That's an extreme western grip," Taylor said as he demonstrates the only grip
he can use to strike the ball, a grip no tennis player in Lincoln could even
think about trying.

"I have all five fingers and a thumb, that's all I need. If I didn't have a
thumb, I'd be done."

Taylor also has unbelievable "footwork" on the court. His right hand and arm are
not capable of holding a ball and tossing it up to serve. Instead, Taylor rests
the ball on his left foot, which flips it up high enough to hit a
forehand/serve.

From a wheelchair, "I've played soccer my whole life," Taylor said. "That's
where the foot thing came from."

Despite his disability, Taylor started tennis in eighth grade "because I wanted
to play a high school sport," he said. He hit balls for countless hours against
the garage door at his home, gradually building the strength it would take to
play the sport.

He made the junior varsity team at Wichita West as a freshman, then played No. 1
and 2 singles for the varsity the next three years against able-bodied high
school athletes. Taylor was able to play wheelchair rules, which allow for two
bounces.

Tennis has taken Taylor, a winner of more than 100 wheelchair tournaments, all
over the world. He's played for the United States in the 2004 Athens Paralympic
Games where he was a doubles gold medallist. With his father, Bill, as his
travel companion, he's been to Brazil, Holland, New Zealand, Poland, Italy,
Switzerland and France to play in the World Team Cup. He leaves in mid-July for
tournaments in England, Holland and Switzerland before coming back for the U.S.
Open.

All of those are prize-money tournaments, "but after paying for expenses,
there's little or nothing left," said Taylor, who has sponsorships with Head,
Invacare (which manufactures his wheelchair) and PantherVision.

Taylor's been successful off the court as well. He has two bachelor's degrees
from Wichita State and will finish a master's of sports administration next
spring. He's also an assistant coach for the Wichita State team.

If Woods Tennis Center manager Henry Cox has his way, Taylor will be back in
Lincoln Labor Day weekend for the Lincoln Cup, a prize-money men's tournament.
Cox would like to get the two Lincoln Cup finalists in wheelchairs to play an
exhibition against Taylor.

"I think it would give them (the Lincoln Cup finalists) an appreciation for the
amazing things Nick can do on the court," Cox said.

Future tennis notebooks will update the Lincoln wheelchair tennis scene.

Reach Ron Powell at 473-7437 or rpowell@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nick Talyor hits a forehand shot in the 2006 CWAA Tennis Tournament.
PHOTO SUBMITTED BY JOHN KELLER (LIBRARIAN: Photo not archived.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Shapovalov apologizes for 'unprofessional behaviour'

BYLINE: Wayne Scanlan, Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Wayne Scanlan; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 763 words


The Atlanta Falcons weren't the only ones to get blind-sided Sunday.

It also happened to a Davis Cup umpire at TD Place in Ottawa.

We can't accuse umpire Arnaud Gabas of taking his eye off the ball, because the
play was dead when Canadian Denis Shapovalov pulled a ball from his pocket and
smashed it angrily - accidentally striking Gabas just beneath his left eye.

There was visible swelling around the eye, but Gabas calmly announced the
Shapovalov default - before being taken to hospital for evaluation. According to
the International Tennis Federation, Gabas did not suffer eye damage, though he
will undergo a followup appointment with his own eye doctor in France.

As quickly as the ball reached the umpire, Shapovalov's right hand came to his
own mouth to signal his mortification and disbelief over what just happened.

The end result was Canada dropped the deciding singles match to Kyle Edmund
(6-3, 6-4, 2-1) to deliver Great Britain a 3-2 win in this Davis Cup tie.

The Brits advance to the World Group quarter-finals, while Canada faces the
circuitous route of World Group playoffs in September.

On Monday, Shapovalov was fined US$7,000 for his actions. He would have been
docked $10,000 had his foul been ruled intentional. It was hardly that. The
young man apologized unconditionally to the umpire and to Canadian teammates
Sunday and again, with feeling, on Twitter Monday for his "unprofessional
behaviour." He could not have been more remorseful.

Everyone out of senior high school remembers what it was like to be 17 and a
little ticked off. Fortunately, most of us didn't have to worry about a fit of
pique on the field of play ending up on YouTube or sports channel lowlight reels
for years to come.

So there is some sympathy for this teenager from Richmond Hill, Ont., acting
like, well, a teenager.

Secondly, Shapovalov probably shouldn't have been thrown into the pressure
boiler of a Davis Cup tie - last year's fresh-faced Wimbledon junior champ, cap
on backwards, up against seasoned adult players. It only happened because Milos
Raonic, Canada's best singles player, was injured and unable to compete. That
left Vasek Pospisil to fill in for Raonic, which he did, heroically.

Shapovalov then took on Pospisil's role as No. 2 in singles and it was a lot to
ask of the kid.

Finally, can everyone just stop smashing rackets and/or hammering tennis balls
in disgust? Let's drop punching bags beyond the baseline for venting purposes.

YouTube videos spilleth over with tantrums captured on camera. Some of the rants
carry on so long the angry player has time to change moods, never mind his
racket.

One of the most popular racket-smashing episodes occurred at the 2012 Australian
Open when Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus systematically destroyed four rackets. The
last two were still in their plastic wrap, hundreds of dollars of preciously
crafted tennis tools smashed to bits on an impulse.

In the end, it was comical. Fans cheering wildly, an umpire uttering a "racket
abuse warning," which caused Baghdatis to break out in a grin.

The best and brightest of tennis stars have smashed rackets from Novak Djokovic
to the normally serene and cerebral Roger Federer.

There is a rich history of hothead moments in tennis, most famously conducted by
John McEnroe, more of a verbal ranter than a racket smasher.

Umpires and tennis linesmen occasionally get in the line of fire. At the Queen's
Club Championships in 2012, David Nalbandian of Argentina lashed out after
losing a point in the final, kicking down a Nike advertising board at the side
of the court. What Nalbandian didn't realize was that a line judge was sitting
directly behind that ad board - the top edge of the board cut into the judge's
shin, causing blood to run down his leg onto his bright white socks. Nalbandian
was disqualified. These days, he's more apt to be smashing rally cars than
tennis rackets.

All things considered, Shapovalov's errant, unlucky ball smash could have been
worse.

He could have been winning this match, but was in fact well on his way to defeat
anyway.

He could have been at Centre Court in Wimbledon and accidentally picked off
Queen Elizabeth II, making a rare courtside appearance.

He could have been an older player beyond reform. Instead, a promising young
player who truly is sorry has a chance to learn from his mistake.

Hopefully the next time Mr. Shapovalov strikes a tennis ball toward the stands,
it will be a playful lob to the crowd, celebrating a well-earned victory.

wscanlan@postmedia.com twitter.com/@hockeyscanner !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lars Hagberg, AFP, Getty Images; Denis Shapovalov reacts after
accidentally hitting referee Arnaud Gabas in the head with a tennis ball on
Sunday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Shapovalov apologizes for 'unprofessional behaviour'

BYLINE: Wayne Scanlan, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: SPORTS; Wayne Scanlan; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 764 words


The Atlanta Falcons weren't the only ones to get blindsided Sunday.

It also happened to a Davis Cup umpire at TD Place in Ottawa.

We can't accuse umpire Arnaud Gabas of taking his eye off the ball, because the
play was dead when Canadian Denis Shapovalov pulled a ball from his pocket and
smashed it angrily - accidentally striking Gabas just beneath his left eye.

There was visible swelling around the eye, but Gabas calmly announced the
Shapovalov default - before being taken to hospital for evaluation. According to
the International Tennis Federation, Gabas did not suffer eye damage, though he
will undergo a followup appointment with his own eye doctor in France.

As quickly as the ball reached the umpire, Shapovalov's right hand came to his
own mouth to signal his mortification and disbelief over what just happened.

The end result was Canada dropped the deciding singles match to Kyle Edmund
(6-3, 6-4, 2-1) to deliver Great Britain a 3-2 win in this Davis Cup tie. The
Brits advance to the World Group quarter-finals, while Canada faces the
circuitous route of World Group playoffs in September.

On Monday, Shapovalov was fined US$7,000 for his actions. He would have been
docked $10,000 had his foul been ruled intentional. It was hardly that. The
young man apologized unconditionally to the umpire and to Canadian teammates
Sunday and again, with feeling, on Twitter Monday for his "unprofessional
behaviour." He could not have been more remorseful.

Everyone out of senior high school remembers what it was like to be 17 and a
little ticked off. Fortunately, most of us didn't have to worry about a fit of
pique on the field of play ending up on YouTube or sports channel lowlight reels
for years to come.

So there is some sympathy for this teenager from Richmond Hill, Ont., acting
like, well, a teenager.

Secondly, Shapovalov probably shouldn't have been thrown into the pressure
boiler of a Davis Cup tie - last year's fresh-faced Wimbledon junior champ, cap
on backwards, up against seasoned adult players. It only happened because Milos
Raonic, Canada's best singles player, was injured and unable to compete. That
left Vasek Pospisil to fill in for Raonic, which he did, heroically.

Shapovalov then took on Pospisil's role as No. 2 in singles and it was a lot to
ask of the kid.

Finally, can everyone just stop smashing rackets and/or hammering tennis balls
in disgust? Let's drop punching bags beyond the baseline for venting purposes.
YouTube videos spilleth over with tantrums captured on camera. Some of the rants
carry on so long the angry player has time to change moods, never mind his
racket.

One of the most popular racket-smashing episodes occurred at the 2012 Australian
Open when Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus systematically destroyed four rackets. The
last two were still in their plastic wrap, hundreds of dollars of preciously
crafted tennis tools smashed to bits on an impulse.

In the end, it was comical. Fans cheering wildly, an umpire uttering a "racket
abuse warning," which caused Baghdatis to break out in a grin.

The best and brightest of tennis stars have smashed rackets from Novak Djokovic
to the normally serene and cerebral Roger Federer.

There is a rich history of hothead moments in tennis, most famously conducted by
John McEnroe, more of a verbal ranter than a racket smasher.

Umpires and tennis linesmen occasionally get in the line of fire. At the Queen's
Club Championships in 2012, David Nalbandian of Argentina lashed out after
losing a point in the final, kicking down a Nike advertising board at the side
of the court. What Nalbandian didn't realize was that a line judge was sitting
directly behind that ad board - the top edge of the board cut into the judge's
shin, causing blood to run down his leg onto his bright white socks. Nalbandian
was disqualified. These days, he's more apt to be smashing rally cars than
tennis rackets.

All things considered, Shapovalov's errant, unlucky ball smash could have been
worse.

He could have been winning this match, but was in fact well on his way to defeat
anyway.

He could have been at Centre Court in Wimbledon and accidentally picked off
Queen Elizabeth II, making a rare courtside appearance.

He could have been an older player beyond reform. Instead, a promising young
player who truly is sorry has a chance to learn from his mistake.

Hopefully the next time Mr. Shapovalov strikes a tennis ball toward the stands,
it will be a playful lob to the crowd, celebrating a well-earned victory.
wscanlan@postmedia.com twitter.com/@hockeyscanner !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lars Hagberg, AFP, Getty Images; Denis Shapovalov reacts after
accidentally hitting referee Arnaud Gabas in the head with a tennis ball on
Sunday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Shapovalov apologizes for 'unprofessional behaviour'

BYLINE: Wayne Scanlan, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Wayne Scanlan; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 763 words


The Atlanta Falcons weren't the only ones to get blindsided Sunday.

It also happened to a Davis Cup umpire at TD Place in Ottawa.

We can't accuse umpire Arnaud Gabas of taking his eye off the ball, because the
play was dead when Canadian Denis Shapovalov pulled a ball from his pocket and
smashed it angrily - accidentally striking Gabas just beneath his left eye.

There was visible swelling around the eye, but Gabas calmly announced the
Shapovalov default - before being taken to hospital for evaluation. According to
the International Tennis Federation, Gabas did not suffer eye damage, though he
will undergo a followup appointment with his own eye doctor in France.

As quickly as the ball reached the umpire, Shapovalov's right hand came to his
own mouth to signal his mortification and disbelief over what just happened.

The end result was Canada dropped the deciding singles match to Kyle Edmund
(6-3, 6-4, 2-1) to deliver Great Britain a 3-2 win in this Davis Cup tie. The
Brits advance to the World Group quarter-finals, while Canada faces the
circuitous route of World Group playoffs in September.

On Monday, Shapovalov was fined US$7,000 for his actions. He would have been
docked $10,000 had his foul been ruled intentional. It was hardly that. The
young man apologized unconditionally to the umpire and to Canadian teammates
Sunday and again, with feeling, on Twitter Monday for his "unprofessional
behaviour." He could not have been more remorseful.

Everyone out of senior high school remembers what it was like to be 17 and a
little ticked off. Fortunately, most of us didn't have to worry about a fit of
pique on the field of play ending up on YouTube or sports channel lowlight reels
for years to come.

So there is some sympathy for this teenager from Richmond Hill, Ont., acting
like, well, a teenager.

Secondly, Shapovalov probably shouldn't have been thrown into the pressure
boiler of a Davis Cup tie - last year's fresh-faced Wimbledon junior champ, cap
on backwards, up against seasoned adult players. It only happened because Milos
Raonic, Canada's best singles player, was injured and unable to compete. That
left Vasek Pospisil to fill in for Raonic, which he did, heroically.

Shapovalov then took on Pospisil's role as No. 2 in singles and it was a lot to
ask of the kid.

Finally, can everyone just stop smashing rackets and/or hammering tennis balls
in disgust? Let's drop punching bags beyond the baseline for venting purposes.

YouTube videos spilleth over with tantrums captured on camera. Some of the rants
carry on so long the angry player has time to change moods, never mind his
racket.

One of the most popular racket-smashing episodes occurred at the 2012 Australian
Open when Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus systematically destroyed four rackets. The
last two were still in their plastic wrap, hundreds of dollars of preciously
crafted tennis tools smashed to bits on an impulse.

In the end, it was comical. Fans cheering wildly, an umpire uttering a "racket
abuse warning," which caused Baghdatis to break out in a grin.

The best and brightest of tennis stars have smashed rackets from Novak Djokovic
to the normally serene and cerebral Roger Federer.

There is a rich history of hothead moments in tennis, most famously conducted by
John McEnroe, more of a verbal ranter than a racket smasher.

Umpires and tennis linesmen occasionally get in the line of fire. At the Queen's
Club Championships in 2012, David Nalbandian of Argentina lashed out after
losing a point in the final, kicking down a Nike advertising board at the side
of the court. What Nalbandian didn't realize was that a line judge was sitting
directly behind that ad board - the top edge of the board cut into the judge's
shin, causing blood to run down his leg onto his bright white socks. Nalbandian
was disqualified. These days, he's more apt to be smashing rally cars than
tennis rackets.

All things considered, Shapovalov's errant, unlucky ball smash could have been
worse.

He could have been winning this match, but was in fact well on his way to defeat
anyway.

He could have been at Centre Court in Wimbledon and accidentally picked off
Queen Elizabeth II, making a rare courtside appearance.

He could have been an older player beyond reform. Instead, a promising young
player who truly is sorry has a chance to learn from his mistake.

Hopefully the next time Mr. Shapovalov strikes a tennis ball toward the stands,
it will be a playful lob to the crowd, celebrating a well-earned victory.

wscanlan@postmedia.com twitter.com/@hockeyscanner !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lars Hagberg, AFP, Getty Images; Denis Shapovalov reacts after
accidentally hitting referee Arnaud Gabas in the head with a tennis ball on
Sunday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             April 18, 2006 Tuesday

ADVENTURE: BEACH TENNIS;
Make a racket -- on beach;
Beach tennis is a relatively new sport in the U.S., but it quickly has caught on
with the court crowd. A national tour stop is this weekend at Belmont Shore.

BYLINE: By DAVE STREGE, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 577 words


A ll you need are tennis rackets, an old tennis ball, a beach volleyball court,
four players and -- voila! -- you have the newest sport hitting the sand: Beach
tennis.

Beach Tennis USA introduced the sport to Americans last year with a 12-city tour
along the East Coast. The West Coast is seeing beach tennis for the first time
this month.

A 10-city national tour opened in Santa Monica earlier this month and makes its
second stop this weekend on the beach at Belmont Shore in Long Beach.

Rackets, balls and courts are provided. Anyone can step up and give it a try.
Several hundred did in Santa Monica, and the reaction was positive.

``It appeals to people of all ages, men and women, boys and girls,'' said Alex
Querna, executive director of Beach Tennis USA. ``You don't have to be a
professional tennis player to enjoy it.

``We've seen non-racket people try the game, and they fell in love with it.
These are people that wouldn't go onto a regular tennis court.''

The game is like tennis with a volleyball net, but the ball can't hit the
ground. Teams of two players volley back and forth.

A match consists of one, eight- game pro set with a seven-point tiebreaker at
8-8. Scoring is 15-30-40. At deuce, the receiving team chooses the left or right
side to receive the next serve, and the next point wins the game.

The Long Beach event will offer open play from 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturday and 11
a.m.- 1 p.m. Sunday, with an open tournament starting at 1 p.m. Winners of each
tour stop qualify for the U.S. Beach Tennis Open Championship in Long Beach,
N.Y., in August.

``The ultimate vision is, we want beach tennis to be recognized as a mainstream
sport,'' Querna said. ``It's obviously a process. We're in the phase now where
we're still introducing it to America.''

Walking along Santa Monica beach and seeing a sign offering free beach tennis
was how Jennifer Lim, 21, of San Diego and Jason Kaye, 22, of Los Angeles found
out about the sport.

``I thought people were just being silly,'' Lim said after trying it. ``I didn't
think it was serious until I saw Head and Penn as sponsors. ... It's fun, but I
need to get a better handle (on the footing). I'm used to playing normal
tennis.''

So are Mendi Chikhaoui, 21, and Sarah Saunders, 21, tennis instructors from
Great Britain who found beach tennis easier because the ball is flatter and
therefore easier to control.

``You don't have to be a good tennis player to be a good beach tennis player,''
Chikhaoui said. ``If you come from a badminton or any racket sports background,
you'd be quite good at it.''

Like most of those in Santa Monica, Marc Altheim also discovered beach tennis
while walking on the beach -- in Aruba.

In fall 2003, Altheim came across the International Beach Tennis Tournament in
Aruba and met its organizer, Sjoerd de Vries, who had brought the sport there
from Amsterdam. It originated in Brazil.

Altheim played in the 2003 tournament and returned the next year to play again,
bringing a camera crew with him to produce a demonstration tape.

Altheim figured if ESPN can show table tennis, why not beach tennis? So in early
2005, Altheim committed to developing the sport in the U.S., becoming the
founder and commissioner of Beach Tennis USA.

``I see it as an Olympic sport one day,'' said Altheim, a New York City real
estate developer. ``Why not? If beach volleyball is an Olympic sport, why
couldn't we alternate the same venue?''

The sands of time will tell.

(714) 796-7809 or dstrege@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SANDY LIE: Beach tennis can be played on any beach volleyball court. A
match consists of one, eight-game pro set with a seven-point tiebreaker at 8-8.
SERVICE WITH SMILE: A good overhand would be a good stroke to master in beach
tennis; the ball can't hit the sand.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Orange County Register


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 25, 2002 Monday

Agenda & more

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 687 words


7:30 a.m.-9:30 a.m. VIP Executive Reception. Guests admitted by exhibitor
invitation only. 8:15 a.m.-9 a.m. Feature Presentation - "Leadership Techniques
for Sure Bet Success" to be presented by Mr. Doug Eaton, President and COO of
Express Personnel Services.

9:15 a.m.-9:30 p.m. Spinner Plastics Best of Show Awards.

9:30 a.m.-7 p.m. Exhibit Hall Opens to the Public.

11 a.m. - 1 p.m. "Spicy Lite Lunch" samples by Robert's Foods Inc. and WNNS Lite
Rock 99 .

Area A: Arturo's, Remy's Steakhouse, Indigo, Robert's Seafood.

Area B: Sebastian's, Tuscany, Froggy's Sports Bar and Grill, Gallagher's.

Area C: Augie's Front Burner, Caf Brio, Mario's, Ambassador's Chalet.

WNNS Gold Card Prize Machine.

12:10 p.m.-12:40 p.m. Fitness demonstrations from Springfield Racquet and
Fitness Center (Area B).

4 p.m.-5 p.m. Book signing for the Greater Springfield Chamber of Commerce
Coffee Table Book (Booth 111).

4:30 p.m.-7 p.m. Business Connections After Hours.  Sponsored by Illinois
National Bank, The Center, The Chamber & Nessen Company.

5 p.m.-5:30 p.m. Fitness demonstrations from Springfield Racquet and Fitness
Center (Area B).

5:30 p.m.-6:30 p.m. Elvis will perform live on Center Stage, sponsored by
Illinois National Bank.

6:30 p.m.-7 p.m. Fitness demonstrations from Springfield Racquet and Fitness
Center (Area B).

Ongoing activities:

*

FREE CHAIR MASSAGES provided by Springfield Racquet & Fitness.

*

Health and Wellness Center, Springfield Racquet & Fitness.

*

Internet Cafe from Novatech Solutions and microPOWER.

Grand prizes:

*

$1,500 Advertising Schedule from WMAY/WNNS/WQLZ.

*

UX - 1100 Sharp plain paper facsimile with 300 sheet paper drawer from Cole's
Copier consultants.

*

Two Presidential Suites from Signature Inn Conference Center.

*

Motorola T900 two-way pager with six months' free service from Arch Wireless.

*

12 month full fitness membership from Springfield Racquet and Fitness Center.

*

Eurosteam Homecare Sanitizer from Eurosteam.

*

GBC Personal Shredder from Midwest Office Supply.

*

One night accommodations in a designer suite Crowne Plaza Hotel.

Exhibitor highlights:

*

MS Communications

Nick Steinkamp, 224-8840.

Dedicated Internet Access & Web Hosting

*

Acme Credit Services

Rich Lockwood, 241-4400.

Electronic check recovery, Free recovery of bounced checks.  No fees, no
minimums on number of checks or amount...saves time and money

*

CT Innovations

Jack Rennolds, 800-666-8663.

Vodavi, Telrad, Alcatel, Goldmine. "Total communications solutions" provider
focused on customized voice communication - wired & wireless telephone -
solutions, health-care communication solutions, computer network design, and
customer relationship management solutions.

*

Arch Wireless

Judy Claussen, 541-6936.

Arch wireless enterprise solution - simple, flexible, powerful secure wireless
access to e-mail, messaging desktops, networks, and applications from any
internet enabled wireless device.

*

Cole's Copier

Stephen Cole. 732-9939.

Sign up for 5 years of service with Cole's Copier Consultants, then keep digital
copier at no additional charge. No leases or monthly payments!

*

Knight's Action Park

Douglas Knight, 546-8881.

Route 66 Drive-In Theatre, Knight's newest attraction, will open Memorial Day
weekend.

*

Terry Farmer Photo

Terry Farmer, 698-6000.

Durst Epsilon is the only one from Chicago to St. Louis. We produce digital
images on real photographic paper up to 30 inches wide and 164 feet long.

*

Barbeck Communications

Kristy Sharpe, 698-3200.

Wireless/cellular/paging service. Verizon wireless products.  Free phone - new
America's choice plans.

*

Eurosteam

David Arns, 228-0751.

EuroSteam 2100 Dry Vapor Cleaning System. Chemical free method to clean without
harming the environment. Up to 90 percent savings in chemical supply cost and 50
percent savings in labor costs.

*

Midwest Office Supply

Steve DeMarco, 785-5555.

Midwest Office Supply, formerly DeMarco Office Supply, services Central Illinois
on next day delivery on office supplies and office furniture.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     March 28, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Increased fitness, new racket paying off for Graf

BYLINE: SUN NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 673 words


Steffi Graf's dominance in women's tennis is partly attributable, of course, to
the absence of Monica Seles, who has not played since she was stabbed by a
deranged fan during a match last April 30.

But Graf, unbeaten in 28 matches and winner of $ 774,065 already this year,
suggests that other factors should be considered:

* Until last week, when she suffered a sprained knee ligament in practice and
pulled out of this week's Family Circle Cup at Hilton Head Island, S.C., she was
injury-free.

* Her new racket is superior to her old one, of a different make.

Graf, 24, said she endured several weeks of hard workouts at the end of last
year, hoping she could avoid the injuries that nagged her throughout the year.
This year, she is as physically fit as she's ever been.

"One day running, one day weights," she said of her regimen. "Every second day,
I did the other thing for six weeks, taking only two days off. It was a very
hard time because it took from morning to evening. It was very difficult, but it
was all worth it.

"Last year, there wasn't a tournament where I didn't have anything (bothering
me).

"I had a lot of foot problems. I got the (foot) operation finally in October.
I've had a lot of shoulder injuries. In August, I started to get back pain,
which I've never had before.

"Every tournament, at the end I had to play with (painkilling) injections. Every
morning, I went to the doctor for injections. And I didn't want to do that. I
got so many injections last year, and I went to so many doctors, I had enough of
it. Even with all the success I had, I was questioning if I was doing the right
thing."

Graf said she put off switching rackets as long as possible because of a sense
of loyalty.

"I'd been with the company since I started playing a lot, but all the other
rackets have been so much better that it was just a matter of time before I did
it," she said. "It took me very long -- I never really wanted to do it -- but
this racket gives me much more power and it helps me at the net."

*Struggling artist: A certain former No. 1 player, having collected art since he
was 20, has opened the John McEnroe Gallery in the Soho district of New York
City.

McEnroe told Esquire magazine that he has traded tennis lessons for drawing
lessons from artist Eric Fischl.

"Right now he's a better tennis player than I am a drawer," said McEnroe, who
credits Fischl with helping to guide his taste. "But I hope to change that."

Mac's favorite subject matter?

"Naked women."

*Now you see it . . . : Dennis Ralston has won his battle to have his name
restored to the U.S. Tennis Association's record book as captain of the 1972
U.S. Davis Cup team, but he is still threatening to sue the USTA for removing
it.

This mess started about a year ago, when USTA president Bumpy Frazer, acting on
information received from past presidents Robert Colwell and Stan Malless,
authorized 20-year-old records to be altered by ordering that Colwell and
Malless be listed as captains of the '72 U.S. Davis Cup team in the 1993 USTA
Yearbook.

Ralston, who in each preceding year was listed as captain from 1972-75, was
given a footnote as "coach" of the '72 team.

Outraged by this bit of revisionist history, Ralston retained a lawyer, Bob
Ranck, and solicited affidavits from the players on the '72 team, among them
Stan Smith and Tom Gorman, who vouched for his role as captain.

Frazer said he'd had no reason to doubt Colwell, who for three years had
campaigned to have his name added to the record book.

Frazer said Colwell had told him that, as USTA president in 1972, he'd made a
handshake agreement with Ralston that Colwell, or another official appointed by
Colwell, would serve as captain for matches played outside the United States.

The U.S. team won the Davis Cup in '72, playing all of its matches, including
the final at Bucharest, on foreign soil.

No evidence of Colwell's claim could be found, however, and Ralston's name was
ordered restored to the USTA Yearbook.



LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 20, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Miller's tennis legacy spans roles of both player, coach

BYLINE: By Charlie Garfinkel

SECTION: SPORTS; Racket Sports; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 883 words


When Todd and Debbie Miller purchased Amherst Hills Tennis Center (presently
Miller Tennis Center) in 2007 it was another accomplishment in a long and
illustrious career in tennis for Debbie. From the time she started taking
lessons at age 10 from her father Joe, one of the area's finest all-time
teaching professionals, and a member of the Buffalo Tennis Hall of Fame, Miller
was hooked on the game of tennis. "My father's passion for the game rubbed off
on me right from the start," she said.

Debbie started playing on the courts at the Buffalo Racquet and Four Seasons
Racquet Clubs. She was part of one of the most talented group of juniors that
ever played in Western New York. Also in that group were Debbie's sister Cathy
and husband Todd. She and Cathy were such fine players that they competed and
played on the boys' Sweet Home High School team.

Debbie won many junior singles titles in the early 1970's and competed at the
state and national levels during her junior years. After high school, she
attended the University at Buffalo where she played first singles before
transferring to Ohio State where she was in the starting lineup for a very
strong team. For many years she was ranked among the top ten women in Western
New York. She is a former City Open Singles champion and won many city women's
doubles titles with Cathy and mixed doubles titles.

In addition to her outstanding playing ability Debbie has established herself as
one of the area's finest teaching professionals, male or female.

"I actually started to teach tennis when I was only twelve years old," Debbie
said.

Her father was the director of the the junior tennis program at the the Four
Season Racquet Club and Debbie would assist other pros with their teaching. From
the start Miller loved teaching tennis. At the age of 16 when other girls were
either babysitting or doing odd jobs to make money, Debbie was teaching tennis
at public and private courts. Word of her teaching prowess followed and she
became the head pro at Holiday Health & Fitness Center and Transit Valley
Country Club. In the late 1980's she was the Women's Tennis Coach at UB and went
on to to teach for many years at Amherst Hills Tennis Club where Todd was the
Executive Director and Head Pro.

Debbie has received many certifications and awards which include: Professional
Tennis Registry (PTR) certification, PTR National Tester, former USTA Eastern
Pro of the Year and was the recipient of the USTA Eastern Tennis Family of the
year in 2005. Through the years Miller has attended many symposiums and
workshops that have kept her extremely knowledgeable in all aspects of tennis.

"From these symposiums I have developed friendships with some world renowned
professionals, coaches, and outstanding individuals in the tennis industry," she
said.

While Miller was teaching at Amherst Hills she began to run special events that
attracted hundreds of people, such as the Night of Stars, the Eastern Tennis
Symposium, and the Buffalo Tennis Hall of Fame.

"Todd is unbelievable when he came up with the aforementioned ideas," Debbie
said. "Then, I have to figure out how to make each event special and provide
events that hopefully people will enjoy."

Debbie has a great knack for creativity, organization, and an eye for detail.
She handles almost everything to make these events a success. This includes
designing centerpieces, sending out invitations, making up the programs, taking
care of plaques for the players, decorating, having music at various events,
taking care of public relations, and being there for each procedure until it is
completed.

"Even though the work is tedious I love doing all of the things that are
necessary," Debbie said. She laughed, saying, "However, delegating is my one big
weakness."

Debbie feels that she and Todd were very fortunate to purchase the club five
years ago.

"Todd and I feel that we have provided WNY with an outstanding tennis facility,"
she said. She notes that it is extremely challenging and rewarding that she is
involved in more aspects of tennis that she could have ever imagined. She
stresses that marketing, teaching, directing, innovating, cleaning, and fixing
are all-encompassing.

With all of the roles that Miller is involved in, teaching tennis is still her
forte. She loves working with tennis players of all ages and levels. However,
she has a special fondness for working with 10 & under kids and feels that this
age level group is going to grow in the near future, especially at the Miller
Tennis Center. When she steps on the court with the youngsters she could not be
happier.

Debbie likes nothing better than to see her students learn and improve. Teaching
her own children, Tina and Tony, who have been ranked in the area's top ten, has
added another dimension to her tennis acumen. Tina will playing tennis at
Roberts Wesleyan in Rochester and Tony will be playing at Tyler Junior College
in the fall.

***

DeRose a squash great

In a recent article on all time squash greats from the Tennis & Squash Club,
Peter DeRose's name was inadvertently omitted. DeRose won the National Open
Squash Doubles Championship in 1997, and was the number one ranked doubles
player in North America from 1995-1997. He also won five city singles and nine
city doubles championships.

email: thegreatgar@verizon.net

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharon Cantillon/Buffalo News Debbie Miller has been co-owner of a
tennis center for five years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                           November 21, 2004, Sunday

The royal box -four more sports for aspiring bluebloods

BYLINE: Jeremy Lazell

SECTION: Features; Travel; 5

LENGTH: 638 words


CROQUET

Although no longer a country-house preserve -the British No2 is a Mancunian
skinhead known as the Beast -croquet is still an essential facet of top-notch
shire life. Failure to know your roquet from your rover hoop can have bystanders
choking on their cucumber sarnies.

Who plays? Helen Mirren and Liz Taylor. The Queen bought a set a couple of years
back, but it might have been a present for the hoop-crazy Duke of Kent.

Can I have a go? The Croquet Association (01242 242318, www.croquet.org. uk) has
a list of more than 130 clubs nationwide where "rabbits" may have a go for free.
Diplomatic Travel (01825 740262, www. diplomatic.co.uk) has croquet tours
abroad: eight nights, B&B, in Florida costs £1,089pp, including five days of
croquet, flights from Heathrow to Miami with Virgin and transfers.

ETON FIVES

It's like squash, except that instead of using a racket, you hit the ball
(granite-hard) with the palm of your hand. You do have padded gloves for
protection, but miss the padding by more than an eighth of an inch and it feels
as though someone has driven nails through your knuckles. This, of course, is
why public schoolboys like it so much: the absence of high-tech kit appeals to
their spartan sensibilities, and the sheer discomfort appeals to their
predilection for pain (cf cold showers, early-morning runs and Latin). Better
yet, Eton fives is played on a bizarre open-ended court full of nooks and
crannies, modelled on the great grandpater of all courts, a rectangular bay of
the chapel wall at Eton, thus bestowing yet more eccentricity. The game's
spiritual home from home is Nigeria, where big games pull in crowds of up to
500.

Who plays? Thirty of our finest schools compete in the national championships -
Harry played until he discovered polo.

Can I have a go? The only public courts in Britain are at the Westway Sports
Centre, in London (020 8968 2642, www.westway. org; rental £5 per hour).

RACKETS

Think squash, double the court dimensions, swap the soft ball for a hard one,
throw in about £20,000 a year in school fees and you're pretty much there.

Born as a boredom-buster in the debtors' prisons of 18th-century London, rackets
today is as unashamedly elitist as its origins are humble. For one thing, there
are only 27 courts in the country, all but six of them at public schools; for
another, the ball travels so terrifyingly, skull-threateningly fast that only
the stiffest of lips and bluest of bloods have the nerve to attempt it.

Who plays? No current royal is fool enough to put their skulls on the line,
although one or two knights are known to dabble.

Can I have a go? It's a members-only affair, so round your vowels, tuck in your
shirt and beg at one of the clubs or schools that belong to the Tennis & Rackets
Association (020 7386 3447, www.rackets-online.co.uk) -noblesse will often
oblige.

REAL TENNIS

Essentially just tennis in a courtyard (originally designed to replicate the
12th-century monastery cloisters of Italy and France, where the game emerged),
real tennis is the mother of all racket sports. Banned by the Pope in the 14th
century, the game moved from cloister to castle -400 years ago, 1,800 courts
could be found in Paris alone.

With a fanbase that numbers Henry VII, Henry VIII, Charles I and Charles II
among its members, it's the ultimate sport of kings -and if you're looking to
rub shoulders with bluebloods, it's your best bet this side of a Pony Club ball.
Today there are fewer than 40 functioning courts worldwide.

Who plays? Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex both hit a mean ball.

Can I have a go? Again, it's members only, but the International Real Tennis
Professionals Association (020 8333 4267, www. irtpa.com) can put you in touch
with clubs; beginners are welcome.


LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Ottawa Sun

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Foul Pay; Shapovalov, 17, fined for hitting ref - but cut the kid some slack

BYLINE: Wayne Scanlan, Ottawa Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Davis Cup; Pg. S30

LENGTH: 768  words


The Atlanta Falcons weren't the only ones to get blind-sided on Sunday.

It also happened to a Davis Cup umpire at TD Place in Ottawa.

We can't accuse umpire Arnaud Gabas of taking his eye off the ball, because the
play was dead when Canadian Denis Shapovalov pulled a ball from his pocket and
smashed it angrily - accidentally striking Gabas just beneath his left eye.

There was visible swelling around the eye, but Gabas, a gamer, calmly announced
the Shapovalov default - before being taken to hospital for evaluation.
According to the International Tennis Federation, Gabas did not suffer eye
damage, though he will undergo a follow-up appointment with his own eye doctor
in France.

As quickly as the ball reached the umpire, Shapovalov's right hand came to his
own mouth to signal his mortification and disbelief over what just happened.

The end result was that Canada dropped the deciding singles match to Kyle Edmund
(6-3, 6-4, 2-1) to deliver Great Britain a 3-2 win in this Davis Cup tie. The
Brits advance to the Davis Cup World Group quarterfinal while Canada faces the
circuitous route of World Group playoffs in September.

On Monday, Shapovalov was fined $7,000 US for his actions. He would have been
docked $10,000 had his foul been ruled intentional. It was hardly that. The
young man apologized unconditionally to the umpire and to Canadian teammates
Sunday, and again, with feeling, on Twitter Monday for his "unprofessional
behaviour." He could not have been more remorseful.

Everyone out of senior high school remembers what it was like to be 17 and a
little peed off. Fortunately, most of us didn't have to worry about a fit of
pique on the field of play ending up on YouTube or sports channel low-light
reels for years to come.

So, there is some sympathy for this teenager from Richmond Hill acting like,
well, a teenager.

Secondly, Shapovalov probably shouldn't have been thrown into the pressure
boiler of a Davis Cup tie - a fresh-faced Wimbledon junior champ, cap on
backwards, up against seasoned adult players. It only happened because Milos
Raonic, Canada's best singles player, was injured and unable to compete. That
left Vasek Pospisil to fill in for Raonic, which he did, heroically.

Shapovalov then took on Pospisil's role as No. 2 in singles, and it was a lot to
ask of the kid.

Finally, can everyone just stop smashing racquets and/or hammering tennis balls
in disgust? Let's drop punching bags beyond the base line for venting purposes.

Youtube videos spilleth over with tantrums captured on camera. Some of the rants
carry on so long the angry player has time to change moods, never mind his
racquet.

One of the most popular racquet-smashing episodes occurred at the 2012
Australian Open when Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus systematically destroyed four
racquets. The last two were still in their plastic wrap, hundreds of dollars of
preciously-crafted tennis tools smashed to bits on an impulse.

In the end, it was comical.

Fans cheering wildly, an umpire uttering a "racquet abuse warning," which caused
Baghdatis to break out in a grin.

The best and brightest of tennis stars have smashed racquets, from Novak
Djokovic to the normally serene and cerebral Roger Federer.

There is a rich history of hothead moments in tennis, most famously conducted by
John McEnroe, more of a verbal ranter than a racquet smasher.

Umpires and tennis linesmen occasionally get in the line of fire. At the Queen's
Club Championships in 2012, David Nalbandian of Argentina lashed out after
losing a point in the final, kicking down a Nike advertising board at the side
of the court. What Nalbandian didn't realize was that a line judge was sitting
directly behind that ad board - the top edge of the board cut into the judge's
shin, causing blood to run down his leg onto his bright white socks. Nalbandian
was disqualified. These days, he's more apt to be smashing rally racing cars
than tennis racquets.

All things considered, Shapovalov's errant, unlucky ball smash could have been
worse.

He could have been winning this match, but was in fact well on his way to defeat
anyway. He could have been at Centre Court in Wimbledon and accidentally picked
off Queen Elizabeth II, making a rare appearance court side.

He could have been an older player, beyond reform. Instead, a promising young
player who truly is sorry has a chance to learn from his mistake.

Hopefully, the next time the young Shapovalov strikes a tennis ball toward the
stands, it will be a playful lob to the crowd, celebrating a well-earned
victory. wscanlan@postmedia.com @HockeyScanner !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Canadian Press; (See hardcopy for photo); Getty Images;  Denis
Shapovalov reacts after accidentally hitting ref Arnaud Gabas (inset) in the
face during Canada's Davis Cup match against Great Britain on Sunday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Ottawa Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Junior tennis team makes strong showing at tourney

BYLINE: By Justin Williams Staff Writer Twitter @JWilliamsCCNT

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. 009

LENGTH: 542 words


In early August, just days before the Peters-burg Racquet Club 12-under junior
tennis team was to leave for the state tournament, Katharine Sherman rolled her
ankle.

When the X-ray showed that it was broken, the squad's availability for the event
was in jeopardy; the team had just the minimum requirement of three girls to go
with five boys.

Without her, the team would have to forfeit.

"I decided I would serve or hit the return and then I'd go play the net,"
Sherman said.

Playing on a broken ankle - more or less just standing on the court while her
partners scrambled behind her - Sherman and her various doubles partners won two
of the four matches they played at state.

The valiant effort helped the PRC team advance to sectionals with a wild card.
Once there, and with a fully functioning eight members, they dominated the event
in Mobile, Ala.

PRC won the U.S. Tennis Association Southern Sectionals earlier this month by
winning 19 of 20 individual matches.

In total games, a count which determines the overall champion, PRC won 156 and
lost 47. The next closest team, Columbus, Ga., won 118 and lost 99.

One team from Alabama and two from Kentucky made up the rest of the field.

The Columbus team won the state competition, even though PRC went undefeated.
That's because Columbus earned more total games.

Jack Lawrence said he was surprised at just how good the other players were at
sectionals. It made winning that much sweeter.

"It was great," Lawrence said of earning the overall championship. "I couldn't
believe it. It's probably one of the best memories I've ever had."

For Connor Gandy, a lasting memory came from a match against a potentially
intimidating opponent.

"When I played someone that was a lot taller than me, I got nervous," he said.
"But me and Thomas (Huff) ended up winning the match."

With five boys on the team, each boy got one match off.

They said it helped to keep all of them fresh for the weekend.

Meanwhile, having just three girls meant that each one had to play twice in one
match; the format is girls singles and boys singles, boys and girls doubles, and
mixed doubles.

"We got to play more and have more fun," Caitlin Pintavorn said of knowing she'd
be in the lineup for each match.

Craig Jones, the owner and director of coaching at Petersburg Racquet Club and
the newly appointed director of youth play and competition with the USTA, said
this group was unique because it was the first to go through the USTA's
relatively new QuickStart Tennis program.

The program uses smaller courts, lighter rackets and lower-compression tennis
balls to develop young players' strokes. It's designed for players in the
10-under age group.

"The things that these kids do in terms of an all-around game is just no
comparison to the kids we were developing 10 years ago," Jones said. "They learn
how to volley better, transition to the net, and racket skills in general."

PRC General Manager Mike Vandenabeele said he's seen firsthand how seamlessly
children can transition from QuickStart to normal tennis.

While the team was in Alabama, Vandenabeele said the entire club was following
its progress.

"Text messages all the time and phone calls," he said. "After each match,
someone would get a text message and it would just spread like wildfire."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              May 1, 2008 Thursday

Long Island City Gains a Rooftop Racquet Club

BYLINE: RACHEL SHANNON-SOLOMON -, Special to the Sun

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 539 words


It is not every day that gym-goers can pair workouts with a 90-minute stone
massage and complimentary shoeshine, or follow a game of tennis with a margarita
and a view of Manhattan's skyline. But members of a new racquet club in Queens
are aiming to do just that.

Perched on the rooftop of the 1930s-era Swingline Stapler building in Long
Island City is CityView Racquet Club, one of a handful of public tennis and
squash clubs in New York. CityView, which opened last week, has seven Har-Tru
tennis courts, three singles squash courts, and one of the city's few doubles
hardball courts. The 80,000-square-foot facility also offers fitness machines, a
spa, and a lounge.

"There hasn't been a new tennis club built in New York City within the past 20
years," the club's manager, Michael Del Prete, said.

The tennis club, which took two years to build and cost $12 million, already has
200 members and has a goal of 500. Gaining entrance is not cheap: Peak
all-access membership costs $400 a month, plus a $1,500 initiation fee. By
contrast, the Sports Club/LA, on East 61st Street in Manhattan, charges $310 a
month at the high end.

In addition to its other amenities, CityView offers private lessons, as well as
racquet stringing and customizing from John McEnroe's and Maria Sharapova's
stringer. It also features city views from every room: Members can admire
Manhattan skyscrapers from the squash courts, the top-floor lounge, the saunas,
and even the men's urinals.

CityView is "creating an entirely new standard of opulence and service for
athletic clubs in the New York metropolitan area," said Mr. Del Prete, who was
president of a Westchester country club before joining the new racquet club.

Although CityView is one of the few new squash clubs in the city, offering airy,
brightly colored courts, competitors said they are not overly concerned.

"It is in Long Island City," the head squash pro at the Sports Club/LA, Eddie
Kapur, said. "We are more centrally located."

Mr. Kapur, whose squash facility is the city's largest, with five courts, also
cited CityView's high membership costs as a deterrent. Still, although many in
Long Island City will not be able to afford the membership fees - the median
income in the neighborhood is $38,300, according to the most recent survey from
New York University's Furman Center for Real Estate and Urban Policy - a new
crop of residents has moved into the more than 40 new residential complexes
built in the area over the last few years.

The club is "affordable to your avid tennis or squash player," Mr. Del Prete
said.

A broker at Prudential Douglas Elliman who works almost exclusively in Long
Island City, Rick Rosa, said he welcomes the new club and expects that it will
serve the burgeoning community of young professionals who are moving in from
Manhattan in search of cheaper rent. "There's a lot more room for growth" in the
area, he said.

The neighborhood is "a mixed community with individuals at various income
levels," the president of the Long Island City Business Development Corp., Gayle
Baron, said. "We want Long Island City to be a 24/7 environment, not just a
nine-to-five community. The more growth you have, the more you end up with a
dynamic, economically healthy area."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            April 17, 2004 Saturday

Campus notes

LENGTH: 431 words


BYU

MEN'S TENNIS: After routing Utah Thursday, No. 72 BYU (7-13, 2-1) tacked on its
fourth straight win Friday as it shut down the men of Air Force 6-1. The Cougars
have come out on top in five of their last six matchups. For their final regular
season conference match, the Cougars face New Mexico at 10 a.m. today at the
Canyon Racquet Club in Salt Lake City. Utah

SOFTBALL: Utah split its series with New Mexico in Albuquerque on Friday. Utah
won the first game after Devina Quintero knocked a solo shot in the top of the
eighth, as Utah won 1-0. In the second game, Kate Nygaard connected for two
two-run homers, but the Utes fell 7-6 in nine innings. Brianna Gourdin picked up
the victory in the first game, but earned the loss in the second to put her at
11-5 on the year.

MEN'S TENNIS: Utah was edged 5-2 Friday by No. 67 New Mexico at the Canyon
Racquet Club. Utah wraps up its regular season today against Air Force at 2 p.m.
at the Canyon Racquet Club. Utah State

BASKETBALL: Men's coach Stew Morrill announced today the hiring of Dave Rice to
the Aggie staff. Rice has spent the past 11 seasons as an assistant coach at the
University of Nevada at Las Vegas, which is the second-longest tenure ever for
an assistant in that program. Weber State

HONORS: Weber State on Friday honored 158 athletes for their achievements in the
classroom during the past year.

Some 130 athletes were recognized for posting a 3.50 grade point average, or
higher, during the 2003 spring semester and the 2004 fall semester; 28 posted
perfect 4.0's.

BASEBALL: UVSC and Weber State will meet in a doubleheader today at Spanish Fork
High School. The first game will start at 2 p.m. and will be a nine-inning
contest. The second game will start 30 minutes after the first game ends and
will go seven innings. SLCC

BASEBALL: Salt Lake Community College split a doubleheader with Southern Idaho
Friday with the Bruins winning the first game 7-6 and dropping the second, 5-0.
Salt Lake moves to 22-16 overall and 14-12 in the SWAC. SLCC and CSI will get
together for another doubleheader today in Twin Falls.

SOFTBALL: At Ephraim, the Bruins softball team took a doubleheader from Snow
College Friday, 14-0 and 4-1. Lindsie Nielson and Chelsey LePrey combined to
throw a 2-hit shutout.<!-- Jamie Fife, Angela Garrard and Sherri Howell each
went 3-4 to provide the offense for the Bruins. Fife drove in 3 runs, Garrard 2.
In the second game,Sheri Shrock allowed only 2 hits and struck out four. Salt
Lake improves to 29-13 overall and 19-9 in the SWAC. SLCC and Snow play another
doubleheader Saturday in Ephraim.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 23, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

POPULARITY OF RACQUET SPORTS

BYLINE: By JOHN B. FORBES

SECTION: Section C; Page 26, Column 1; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 3300 words


Suzy Ganz often plays indoor tennis on Friday nights. Anthony Segales frequently
bashes a squash ball on Saturday mornings. Cheryl Budd and Robert Rosenberg
spend an hour or more at racquet ball on Saturday afternoons, and Sohail Hasan
plays platform tennis Sunday mornings.

Each is taking advantage of the variety of racquet sports available to New
Yorkers. An informal survey of racquet facilities open to the public in the five
boroughs shows that there are more than 130 tennis courts, more than 90 squash
and racquet-ball courts and 6 platform-tennis courts.

Most players pay an annual fee to become members of a racquet club, which allows
them to book reservations, to reserve a court for an entire year and to use
other club facilities, such as exercise equipment and a swiming pool. But, in
general, a nonmember may call for a court booking and get one if it is
available, paying a guest fee and a court fee. Many facilities offer family
plans or corporate memberships.

Fees vary with time of day and the area of the city. Courts are most expensive
at peak hours. Nonpeak times can cost a third less, and often that means
weekends.



Tennis the Most Expensive Tennis is the most expensive racquet sport. Court fees
can range from $12 an hour or $325 for a season, at the Brooklyn Racquet Club,
to $60 an hour and $3,000 a season at the Tennis Club, the oldest indoor
facility in the city, over Grand Central Terminal on Vanderbilt Avenue.

The most avid player can begin at 6 A.M., before the sun comes up over the East
River, at the Wall Street Racquet Club on Pier 13 and finish there at 1 A.M.
Just across the river in Brooklyn, the aficionado can play at the largest tennis
facility in the city, the East River Tennis Club, which boasts 18 Hartru-surface
courts. This claylike surface, made of stone crushed to the consistency of dust,
is a fairly slow surface to play on.

For the social player, some clubs offer tennis parties on weekend evenings. Such
parties usually include a light buffet supper and at least two hours of tennis
with players of similar ability.



The Opportunities of Squash

Squash offers equal opportunities for competition and socializing. Town Squash
Inc. has two facilities, at 404 Fifth Avenue, at 37th Street, and at 151 East
86th Street. Members at the Fifth Avenue facility consider themselves ''serious
players'' and pay $600 a year, plus a monthly maintenance fee. Uptown, the mood
is less competitive. There, in addition to 13 singles courts, there are 2
doubles courts. Families can become members for $85 a year.

Several squash and racquet-ball clubs offer weight rooms and gym equipment.

Racquet-ball fees are on a par with squash, and there are round robins and
tournaments at most facilities. The largest, Courts of Appeal, on Staten Island,
offers 5 Hartru tennis courts and 15 racquet-ball courts and features daily
round robins and league play. An out-of-towner staying at any New York hotel can
play either squash or racquet ball at Club La Racquette, at 119 West 56th
Street, by showing proof of registration. The single-time fee of $20 also
entitles the player to use the pool, excercise track and health-food snack bar.



The Rarest Breed

Perhaps the rarest breed of racquet enthusiast is the platform-tennis player.
According to Douglas Russell, the nation's top-ranked platform singles player,
there are probably 5,000 of these aluminum courts in the country, mostly in the
suburbs of large Northeastern cities. There are only six open to the public in
New York, all of them at Mr. Russell's Apple Platform Tennis Club, atop 215 East
24th Street.

There, for a $40 season fee and court costs ranging from $14 to $24 an hour, the
platform devotee can play a game that combines tennis, squash and racquet ball.
The courts, which are heated, are miniature tennis courts, and tennis rules
apply. However, as in squash and racquet ball, the wire walls around the court
can be used as playing surfaces. Nets above the courts prevent the solid, yellow
rubber balls from falling into the street.

A list of racquet sports facilities in New York City follows (rates are for
rental of a court for one hour):


Manhattan

The Tennis Club, 15 Vanderbilt Avenue (687-

3841). Two Elastoturf courts. Rates: weekdays, $60; weekends, $40; season,
$2,200- $3,000; no guest fee. Lessons, $40. Hours, 8

A.M.-10 P.M. daily. Reservations: Call for

open time; 24-hour cancellation. Features:

round robins, Saturdays, 2-4 P.M.; Sundays, noon-2 P.M.

Wall Street Racquet Club, Piers 13-14, East

River (952-0760). Nine Hartru tennis

courts. Rates: weekends: $11-$30; weekdays, $11-$49; season: $330-$1,575; no
guest

fee. Lessons, $40 an hour. Hours: 6 A.M.-1

A.M. daily. Reservations: one week in advance; 24-hour cancellation.

Midtown Tennis Club, 341 Eighth Avenue at

27th Street (989-8572). Eight Hartru courts.

Rates: weekend, $27-$35; weekdays, $29-

$40; season: $780-$1,170; no guest fee. Lessons, $42-$50. Hours: 7 A.M.-midnight

daily. Reservations: up to two weeks in advance; credit cards accepted; 48-hour
cancellation. Features: league play, Monday,

Wednesday, Thursday; public tennis parties, Friday, 9 P.M.-1 A.M., Saturday, 8

P.M. to midnight, Sunday, 8 P.M. to midnight (buffet, $22).

Bill's Indoor Tennis, 2366 Fifth Avenue, at

142d Street (234-3119, 234-2700). Eight UniTurf courts. Rates: weekends,
$12-$14;

weekdays, $8-$14; no guest fee. Lesson fees

are arranged with pro. Hours: Friday-Sunday, 9 A.M.-11 P.M.; Tuesday, 9 A.M.-8

P.M.; Wednesday, 9 A.M.-11 P.M.; Thursday, 9 A.M.-3 P.M. Features: doubles

leagues, weekends, 5-8 P.M.

Randall's Island Indoor Tennis, under Triborough Bridge (534-4845). Four
Grasstex

courts. Rates: weekend, $15-$22; weekdays: $14-$22; season: $360-$500; no guest

fee. Lessons, $15. Hours: 9 A.M.-11 P.M.

daily. Reservations: up to one week in advance; 24-hour cancellation.

Crosstown Tennis, 14 West 31st Street (947-

5780). Four Elastoturf courts. Rates: weekends: $20-$35; weekdays: $20-$50. No
guest

fee. Lessons, $45. Hours: 6 A.M.-midnight

daily. Reservations: call for open time; 24-

hour cancellation. Features: leagues, Monday to Thursday, 9 A.M.-noon; singles,

weekends, 5 P.M.-10 P.M.; public party,

Friday, 8 P.M.-1 A.M. (buffet, $25); tournaments Saturdays; racquet rental.

Tower Tennis, 1725 York Avenue, at 89th

Street (860-2464). Two Decoturf courts.

Rates: daily, $35; season, $900-$1,400; no

guest fee. Lessons, $40. Hours: 7 A.M.-11

P.M. daily. Reservations: call for open

time; 24-hour cancellation.

Village Courts, 110 University Place (989-

2300). Two asphalt tennis courts. Rates:

$22-$35; season: $1,080-$1,760; guest fee: $5.

Lessons: $40. Hours: 7 A.M.-1 A.M. daily.

Reservations: up to a week in advance; 24-

hour cancellation. Features: clinics, Fridays, 6 P.M.-8 P.M.

Sutton East Tennis Club, 488 East 60th Street

(751-3452) Eight clay tennis. Rates: $26-

$48; season: $728-$1,380. Lessons: $45.

Hours: 7 A.M.-midnight daily. Reservations: up to one week in advance; 24-hour

cancellation. Features: junior program

daily; tennis parties, weekends from 9

P.M., $24; call for round robin and tournament schedules.

Turtle Bay Tennis and Swim Club, 1 United

Nations Plaza (355-3400). One rubber turf

court. Rates: weekdays, $35-$40; weekends, $35; season: $1550-1900. Guest fee,

$25. Hours: 7 A.M.-10:30 P.M. Reservations: call for open time. Features: pool,

sauna, Universal gym equipment.

Murray Hill Racquet Club, 320 East 38th

Street (490-2150). Ten Hartru tennis courts.

Peak-period membership, $1,400; nonpeak,

$600. Rates: singles: $7-$8 (members

only); doubles: $5-$5.50; guest fee, $3-$6.

Lessons, $35-$75. Hours: 6:30 A.M-midnight daily. Reservations: up to a week in

advance; 24-hour cancellation. Features:

club will arrange games; Universal gym

equipment.

New York Health and Racquet Club, 110 University Place (924-4600). Uses Village

Courts (see above). Rates: $775 annual fee

(includes $200 initiation), plus $22-$35 an

hour (tennis), $10-$16 (squash and racquetball).

New York Health and Racquet Club (four racqets courts), 110 West 56th Street,
541-7200;

20 East 50th Street (two squash courts), 593-1500. Rates: $10-16. Membership:
$775.

Lessons, $10-16. Hours: weekends, 10 A.M.-

6 P.M.; weekdays, 7 A.M.-10.P.M. Reservations: members only. Features: round

robins, clinics, aerobic dancing, pools.

Gramercy Tennis and Racquet Club, 708 Avenue of Americas, at 23d Street
(691-0110).

Two Elastoturf tennis courts, four racquet

ball courts. Rates: tennis annual membership, $15; racquet ball annual
membership

$25; for tennis court fee $22-$38 (members),

$26-$42 (nonmembers); racquet ball court

fee: $12-$16 (members), $20-$24 (nonmembers). Lessons, $40 (tennis). Hours:
weekends, 8 A.M.-midnight; weekdays, 7 A.M.-

midnight. Reservations: up to a week in advance (members); nonmembers must call

for open time.

Manhattan Plaza Racquet Club, 450 West 43d

Street (594-0554). Five Elastoturf tennis

courts, two racquet-ball courts. Memberships: $300 a year, plus $150 initiation
fee;

family, $650 a year, plus $150 initiation fee;

corporate, $1,800; over-50's (weekdays

only), $175 plus $150 initiation. Guests fees:

$7 (tennis); $4 (racquet ball).Racquet ball

membership: $150. Lessons: $44-54, tennis;

$24, racquet ball. Hours: 6 A.M.-midnight

daily. Reservations: up to two weeks in advance (members), 48 hours
(nonmembers); 24-hour cancellation. Tennis features: Monday and Friday,
kaffeeklatsch,

$16; doubles party for intermediates or better, Fridays, 9 P.M.-1 A.M. (buffet,
$20 for

members, $275 for nonmembers); leagues,

weekend nights, $21. Racquet-ball features: leagues, Tuesday, Friday, Saturday

evenings, $9 (members); $11 (nonmembers). Tennis members may use pool.

Town Squash Racquet Club-Fifth Avenue , 404

Fifth Avenue, at 37th Street (594-3120).

Seven courts. Membership: $600; corporate, $525 (two or three people) $475 (four

or five), $400 (six or more). Monthly maintenance fee of $62. Guest fee, $6.
Lessons:

$24. Hours: weekends, 9 A.M.-9 P.M.;

weekdays, 7 A.M.-11 P.M. Reservations:

up to a week in advance; 24-hour cancellation. Features: tournaments, round
robins, Nautilus gym equipment.

Town Squash Uptown Racquet Club, 151 East

86th Street (860-8630). Thirteen singles

courts, two doubles courts. Rates: weekends, $5-10; weekdays, $6-10. Membership:

$110; family, $85 ($30 each child); corporate, $75 (four players), $65 (10
players),

$475-$600 (unlimited). Fitness center: $225

initiation, plus $30 a month. Fitness and

squash, $40 a month. Lessons: $20. Hours: 7

A.M.-midnight daily. Reservations: up to a

week in advance; 24-hour cancellation.

Features: Nautilus fitness center and

aerobic dancing daily; round robins, weekends, 2-7 P.M.; weekdays, 10
P.M.-midnight, $7-10.

Park Avenue Squash, 3 Park Avenue, at 34th

Street (686-1085). Ten courts. Rates: Saturdays, $8; Sundays, $8-$12; weekdays,
$10-

$20; season, $125 (new members), $100 (repeat). Guest fee: $5. Lessons: $28.
Hours:

Saturday, 9 A.M.-6 P.M.; Sunday, to 8

P.M.; weekdays, 7 A.M.-11 P.M. Reservations: up to a week in advance (members);

nonmembers must call for open time. Features: tourneys, round robins, Universal

gym equipment, aerobic dancing.

Lincoln Squash Club, 61 West 62d Street (265-

0995). Eight courts. Membership: $250

(squash); $400 (squash-fitness); family,

$450; corporate, $200; student, $25. Court

rate, $10 a day. Guest fees: $5 (squash); $7

(fitness). Lessons: $20. Hours: weekends, 8

A.M.-8 P.M.; weekdays, 7 A.M.-11 P.M.

Reservations: up to a week in advance; 24-

hour cancellation. Features: round robins,

Fridays, 6-11 P.M.; league play.

Park Place Squash Club, 25 Park Place (964- 2677). Five courts. Memberships:
$75; family, $100; group (10 players), $60 each; students, $60. Rates: weekends,
$6 per half-

hour; weekdays, $4-8 per half-hour. Guest

fee: $4. Lessons: $10 per half hour. Hours:

Saturdays, 9 A.M-6 P.M.; Sundays, 9 A.M-8

P.M. weekdays, 7 A.M.-11 P.M. Reservations: up to a week in advance; 24-hour
cancellation. Features: Universal gym equipment, exercise classes.

Club La Racquet, 119 West 56th Street (245- 5000, 245-1144). Two squash courts,
four

racquet-ball courts. Rates: weekends: $12-

$14; weekdays: $8.50-18 (squash and racquet ball) Membership: $575 (squash,
racquet ball and Nautilus); $850 (full club).

Guest fees: $10-$15. Lessons: $20 (private);

$30 (semiprivate). Hours: weekends, 7

A.M.-8 P.M.; weekdays, 7 A.M.-midnight.

Reservations: up to a week in advance; 24-

hour cancellation. Features: round robin

squash, Wednesdays, $6; round-robin racquet ball, Mondays, $6; tournaments,
pool,

running track, sunning machine, warm-up

rooms, Nautilus gym equipment, aerobic

dancing.

Exercise Training Center, 25 West 39th Street

(944-0144). Four racquet-ball courts.

Rates: $16 (weekends); $14-20 (weekdays).

Membership: $425-675; racquet ball only,

$100. Guest fee: $5. Lessons: $12. Hours:

weekends, 10 A.M.-4 P.M.; weekdays, 6:30

A.M.-11 P.M. Reservations: up to a week in

advance; nonmembers must call for time;

24-hour cancellation. Features: round

robins, weekends, 1-4 P.M., $7; game partners, call for information; aerobic
dancing,

excercise-fitness staff.

Apple Platform Tennis Club, 215 East 24th

Street (684-0970). Six aluminum courts,

with heated decks. Rates: individual, $40;

family, $80; corporate (10 or more

players), $35; season $400-$600; weekends,

$18; weekdays, $14-$24; guest fee, $4. Lessons: $35 (private), $45 (group).
Hours: 11

A.M.-10 P.M. daily. Reservations: up to

one week in advance; 24-hour cancellation.

Features: men's informal round robin, Saturdays, 11 A.M-1 P.M., $6.50; mixed
informal round robin, Friday, 8 P.M.-10 P.M.,

$7.50; tournaments.


Queens

East River Tennis Club, 44-02 Vernon Boulevard, Long Island City (937-2381).
Eighteen

Hartru tennis courts. Rates: membership,

$1,900; members, $9 an hour (singles) $5

(doubles); nonmembers, $4.50 (doubles), $2.50 (singles), plus guest fee of $15
(peak

hours) or $5 (nonpeak). Lessons: $40. Hours:

7 A.M.-10 P.M. daily. Reservations: Up to

one week in advance; 24-hour cancellation.

Tennisport Inc., Borden Avenue and Second

Street, Long Island City (392-1880). Sixteen

clay courts. Rates: Until 4 P.M., $900 a year,

all hours, $1,700 a year; court fee, $50 for nonmembers; guest fee, $3 to $5 an
hour. Lessons: $60 for nonmembers; $40 for members.

Hours: weekends, 8 A.M.-8 P.M.; weekdays,

8 A.M.-10 P.M. Reservations: call club for

open times; 24-hour cancellation.

Long Island City Indoor Tennis Club, 50th Avenue and Second Street (784-9677).
Two clay

courts. Rates: season, $510-$750; week, $20-

25; no guest fee. Lessons: $32-$36. Hours:

weekends, 7 A.M.-8 P.M.; weekdays, 7 A.M.-

11 P.M. Reservations: call club.

Boulevard Gardens Tennis, 51-26 Broadway,

Woodside (545-7774). Six clay courts. Rates:

$14-$22; no guest fee. Lessons: $15. Hours: 8

A.M.-11 P.M. daily. Reservations: call for

open time; one-hour cancellation

La Guardia Racquet Club, 24-20 89th Street,

Jackson Heights (426-2525). Five Elastoturf

tennis courts. Rates: weekends, $18-25;

weekdays, $15-25; no guest fee. Lessons: $32-

$37. Hours: 7 A.M.-midnight daily. Reservations: 48 hours in advance; 24-hour
cancellation

Sterling Tennis Inc., 40-15 126th Street, Corona

(446-5619). Eight indoor Hartru courts.

Rates: $18-24; no guest fee. Lessons: $40.

Hours: 9 A.M.-10 P.M. dailys. Reservations:

one day in advance; 24-hour cancellation.

Brooklyn

Brooklyn Racquet Club, 2781 Shell Road (769-

5167). Eleven indoor Hartru tennis courts.

Rates: weekends, $14-23; weekdays, $12-23;

season, $325-750; no guest fee. Lessons: $32-

35. Hours: 7 A.M.-midnight daily. Reservations: from same day to week in
advance; 24-

hour cancellation. Features: leagues and

tournaments.

Mill Basin Racquet Club, 2350 East 69th Street

(444-3600). Eight Astrocushion tennis courts.  Rates: weekend, $15-$24;
weekdays, $14-$24;

season, $430-$740; no guest fee. Lessons: $32-

$37. Hours: daily 7 A.M.-midnight. Reservations: week in advance. Features:
leagues

and baby-sitting facilities.

Starrett City Tennis Center, 1540 Van Siclen

Avenue (642-1702, 642-1703). Six Elastoturf

courts. Rates: weekends, $15-18; weekdays,

$12-18; season, $175, (family, $275-$500);

guest fee, $5 (for day). Lessons: $25. Hours: 8

A.M.-11 P.M. daily. Reservations: week in

advance; 24-hour cancellation. Features:

leagues, tournaments, Universal gym, pool.

Sunrise Racquet Club, 305 Coney Island Avenue

(633-5400). Four clay tennis courts. Rates:

$15-$23; season, $340-$550; no guest fee. Lessons: $32 and $38. Hours: 7
A.M.-midnight

daily. Reservations: two days in advance;

48-hour cancellation. Features: tournaments

and leagues.

Paerdegat Racquet Club, 1500 Paerdegat Avenue North (531-1111). Eight Elastoturf
tennis

courts. Rates: weekends, $15-$24; weekdays,

$14-$25; season, $440-$795; no guest fee. Lessons: $40. Hours: 7 A.M.-midnight
daily.

Reservations: one week in advance; 24-hour

cancellation. Features: junior programs

daily, instructional leagues.

Glenwood Racquet Club, 4400 Glenwood Road

(258-3300). Seven racquet-ball courts, two

Hartru tennis courts. Rates: racquet ball, $12

(members), $22 (nonmembers); tennis, $16-

$24; racquet-ball membership, $150; season

(tennis), $360-$700; guest fee $6 a day. Lessons: racquet ball, $15-20; tennis
$35. Hours:

7 A.M.-2 A.M. Reservations: week in advance; 24-hour cancellation. Features:
tournaments and leagues.

Bronx

Stadium Tennis Center, 11 East 162d Street

(293-2386). Eight Hartru courts. Rates: $14-

$28; season, $325-$700; open-time membership, $525 or $110 a month; guest fee:
$7-14.

Lessons: $38. Hours: 6:30 A.M.-1 A.M. Reservations: up to one week in advance;
24-hour

cancellation. Features: junior and adult

clinics, leagues and tournaments.

Century Racquet Club, 2600 Netherland Avenue, Riverdale (548-4700). Four
Elastoturf

tennis courts; two squash courts. Rates: tennis, $19-$26 weekends, $20-$30
weekdays;

squash, $16; season (tennis), $490-$850;

membership (squash) $100; no guest fee.

Lessons: $32-$36. Hours: 9 A.M.-11 P.M.

Reservations: one week in advance; 24-hour

cancellation. Features: clinics for adults,

juniors, tournament level, tennis for 4- to-

7-year-olds, parties, free parking, pool (season members only).

Staten Island

Tennis Club of Staten Island, 261 Graham Avenue, Travis (698-6474). Seven clay
courts.

Rates: weekend, $15-$24; weekdays, $15-$22;

season, $435-$635; no guest fee. Lessons: $27-

$30. Hours: 8 A.M.-11 P.M. Reservations:

week in advance; 24-hour cancellation. Features: tournaments and leagues.

Courts of Appeal, 300 West Service Road,

Travis, (698-4500). Five Hartru tennis courts,

15 racquet-ball courts. Rates: tennis, $14-$22;

racquet ball, $10-16; individual tennis membership, $45, family, $100;
individual full-

time racquet-ball membership, $125, days

only, $60, family, $200, corporate, for five or

more players, $500; guest fees, $2 (tennis),

$3-$5, racquet ball. Lessons: $28 (tennis, includes court), $10, plus court fee
(racquet

ball). Hours: 7 A.M.-midnight. Reservations: one week in advance (tennis), two

days in advance (racquet ball); eight-hour

cancellation. Features: tennis leagues, racquet-ball round robins, 10:30
A.M.-1:30 P.M.

daily, Universal gym equipment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 17, 2000 Thursday

Starstruck Canadian pulls some strings to get to U.S. Open;
DREAM JOB;
Master racquet technician Howes;
among elite worldwide group of 200

BYLINE: LEAH HENDRY, The Globe and Mail

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 761 words


Larry Howes is a racquet scientist.

A tweak, a nip and a pull, and, voilà, a masterpiece is born.

"You need to find the right tension for the ball speeds and change the balance
points to get more power out of a shorter swing," said Howes, who will be living
every stringer's dream this month - stringing for the stars in New York at the
U.S. Open tennis tournament. "Players really want consistency. They usually have
10 racquets in their bag, so they will want them all to be the same."

Howes, 35, has been stringing racquets for about four years and is a master
racquet technician, one of only 14 in Canada and about 200 worldwide.

"We're the cream of the crop of the stringers," said Howes, who has strung the
racquets of Marcelo Rios and Canadians Sébastien Lareau, Daniel Nestor and Grant
Connell during the 1995 and 1996 Davis Cup events. He also owns Edmonton's only
racquet specialty shop, the Sweet Spot, and receives racquets to be serviced
from as far away as the Northwest Territories.

"Tennis players are very quirky, and I'm sure it will be magnified 100 times at
the U.S. Open," Howes said with a nervous giggle. He's as giddy as a teenager.

He saw some of those superstitions and oddities when he worked at the Davis Cup
events. Lareau, for example, asked Howes to use a piece of tape about half an
inch wide and wrap it around the butt of his racquet three times for a better
grip. Connell, whom Howes described as a down-to-earth, consummate professional,
would have the strings cut out of his racquets in the morning, even if he didn't
play.

As for Rios, he lived up to his dark, distant demeanour and relayed what he
wanted done to his racquet through his coach.

"We weren't big chums," Howes said jokingly. "I was pretty intimidated and
preferred looking at him from afar than right in my face."

There will be little time for hobnobbing at the U.S. Open. Howes expects the
stringers will be huddled over stringing machine on peak days for 16 hours and
will string about 35 to 40 racquets a day. To speed up the process, background
checks on players' racquets and string and grip preferences are done in advance.

The backgrounders read better than tea leaves and reveal some of the secrets of
the players and their strengths.

In step with his flamboyant nature, Andre Agassi uses a modified around the
world pattern with two types of strings on his racquets. To prevent broken
strings and to add strength, Agassi uses Kevlar - the same material that's used
for bullet-proof vests - on the main strings and uses cow gut across his racquet
for playability.

On the hand, Pete Sampras, a 13-time Grand Slam champion, strings his racquets
with 17-gauge natural gut that is extremely thin and similar to the gauge that
squash players use. Sampras has about 75 to 80 pounds (about 34 to 36 kilograms)
of pressure per square inch - a normal racquet would be about 55 to 60 pounds.
Howes said the strings are strung so tight that if Sampras leaves his racquet in
his bag overnight, they break.

"It gives him ultimate control," Howes said. Sampras also adds weight to his
racquet, which gives him greater stability on volleying, produces a crisper shot
and prevents the racquet from twisting out of his hand.

"If a normal person tried to play with his racquet, it would be like lifting a
dumbbell on the court and your arms would get tired," Howes said. "But the
strings are perfect for Sampras, whose strokes are so grooved."

Stringing can usually be fine-tuned during practice rounds. For more power, the
tension is lowered to give it a trampoline-like effect. For more control, more
tension is added, Howes said. But players usually know exactly what mix they
want, and if it's off by a fraction of a pound of pressure, they can immediately
tell the difference.

The perfect amount of tension needs to be found quickly because the players want
instantaneous results.

"They don't want to hear that we should have done this, after the U.S. Open is
over," said Howes.

Howes gets pumped up just thinking about meeting his idols Patrick Rafter and
Gustavo Kuerten.

"I would love to work on their racquets," he said. "I know some people just
don't get it, but in my mind, I think it's really cool, and that's enough for
me."

He also finds satisfaction in working with a player, picking a string, assessing
their game and sneaking out to see how the selection has worked in competition.

"You need a good racquet to win, and these are great players, so if I can add
just one little percentage to their performance, it's such a high," Howes said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 26, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION

PRIME-TIME PLAYERS

SECTION: BONUS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 265 words


CBS will have 28 1/2 hours of live coverage of the 111th U.S. Open
Championships, including eight hours Sept. 7 for the women's final and men's
semifinals. USA Network will have 90 1/2 hours of coverage, much of it at night.
(TV column, schedules, 3E)

 ACES WILD: Wimbledon champion Michael Stich can score with one shot on the golf
course as well as on the tennis court. Friday in Schenectady, N.Y., where the
German was competing in the OTB Open, he shot a hole in one - using a 7-iron on
the 150-yard 15th hole at Mohawk Country Club. Stich, who took up golf two years
ago, says he carries a 22 handicap. He went on to win the tennis tournament as
well, beating Emilio Sanchez 6-2, 6-4 in Sunday's final. (Stich unchanged by
fame, 3E)

 MAKING A RACKET: Jimmy Connors is among the more outspoken critics of
technology taking over men's tennis. As the racket has gotten bigger, his racket
has gotten louder. ''There has to be a limitation on the size of the rackets,''
the five-time U.S. Open champion says. ''The question is, how far will it go?
Will it get to the point where guys come out and press a button and it serves
for them?'' (High-tech tennis - good or bad?, 3E)

 CARD GAMES: How about two Karel Novaceks, an Andrei Cherkasov and a qualifier
to be named later for one John McEnroe? The proliferation of trading cards has
spilled over to tennis, with the ATP and WTA sanctioning ProTennis Player Cards
Inc. to distribute cards of tour players. The cards are available at most pro
tournaments, including the U.S. Open. Much of the proceeds goes to charity.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color

CUTLINE: McENROE: Featured on tennis players' cards.

U.S. OPEN BONUS SECTION; OPEN LINE

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          December 31, 1998, Thursday

28 players, teams win K-Swiss titles in summer league

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: SEMINOLE TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 800 words



The time, effort and energy paid off for Donna Assenheim when she won the
3.5-minus title in the K-Swiss Summer League Campionships this month.
Assenheim joined eight other women in the winners circle along with 10 men.
Also, two women's and two men's doubles teams and five junior teams were crowned
champions.   "It just seemed like everything clicked for me," said Assenheim, a
player at East Lake Woodlands Country Club. "I've just been playing about four
years and I really focused on tennis this last year."   Assenheim, originally
from Manhattan in New York City, views herself as a tenacious baseline player
who covers the court well. In the K-Swiss final, Assenheim, who had the best
overall season record, defeated Dori Regulski 6-3, 6-0.   It was Steve
Crivello's first time to play in the K-Swiss league and a 7-5, 7-6 win against
Lance Cohen in the 4.5-minus final both pleased and surprised the 27-year-old.
   "I played him in the season and it was close as well," said Crivello of his
match with Cohen. "It really could have gone either way."   Crivello, a native
of Vero Beach, learned to play in the fourth grade and has continued off and on
over the years. A self-proclaimed baseliner, he describes his best strength as
his patience and willingness to play each point one at a time.   In addition to
Assenheim and Crivello, other area players winning a K-Swiss singles title were
Gillian Irving (3.0), Jane Hopwood (4.0-minus), Lisa Freeman (4.5), Jeff Pippin
(3.0), William Graham (3.5-minus), David Lorenzen (3.5), Kamran Rezapour
(4.0-minus) and Yuanist Woods (4.5).    The Dunedin women's 3.5 doubles team was
a 24-14 winner over Countryside. Playing for Dunedin were Elsa Heintz, Dot
Thomas, Debra Devine and Lyn Jenkins. Also winning were Lakewood Country Club's
4.0 women's team and the men's 3.5 squad, and Shipwatch Tennis Club's 4.0 men's
team.    In junior competition, the Dunedin Recreation Department's 18A team,
coached by Bill Perry, defeated Royal Racquet Club 49-33 in its final. Matt
Rice, Matt Kalil, Jesse Yanick and Jamie Bennet played singles for Dunedin in
the final and Rice and Kalil teamed for doubles along with Erica Siegel and Ruth
Hutchens. Rounding out the team was Jim Rapp.   Registration ends Feb. 2 for the
next K-Swiss league. Call 865-0615.   HALFTIME ON THE SUNCOAST: The Racquet Club
of St. Petersburg has a narrow lead over Countryside Country Club in the
Suncoast Ladies Doubles League at the holiday break. The Racquet Club earned 125
points of a possible 158 in its 13 matches in the 14-team league; Countryside
netted 123. Each team has 14 doubles positions and a point is scored for each
position won.   East Lake Woodlands is third, Carrollwood in Tampa fourth, Royal
Racquet Club fifth, and Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club sixth.   ROADRUNNERS LEAD:
The Roadrunners are in first place at the holiday break in Racqueteers, a
14-team women's doubles league. Playing for the Roadrunners are Susan Kempsell
and Celeste Rowland in No. 1, Karen Sandeen and Myrna Smith No. 2, Liz Bouchard
and Jackie Held No. 3, Lauren Coogan and Debbie Rothberg No. 4, Patsy Allen and
Delores Schmitz No. 5, and Ann Hayes and Mary Miller No. 6.   Trailing the
Roadrunners' 125 points are the Luv Breakers with 120, Dunedin I with 118 and
Royal Racquets with 115.   IT'S THE STARS' ADVANTAGE: The Sheraton Stars earned
75 points in the Advantage Ladies Tennis League to lead the first half. Kent and
the Sheraton Stripes are close behind with 73 points each, followed by the
McMullen Court Sports with 69. In all, 12 teams compete in the league.   Playing
for the Stars are Elaine Navas and Bernadette Grindley in No. 1, Kirsten Forsman
and Betsy McKenna No. 2, and Karin Kern and Lindy Tousley No. 3.   60-PLUS MEN:
Shipwatch Tennis Club was unbeaten in the Pinellas Men's 60-and-Over Doubles
League among four teams in the fall session. East Lake was second, Royal Racquet
Club third, and Bardmoor fourth.   Each team included five doubles positions,
with a point earned for each position won.   Playing for Shipwatch were Gene
Biittner (captain), Doug Godinho, Charlie Brusovich, John Dunning, John
Finlayson, George Tochterman, Charlie Eikner, Bob Knoth, Johnny Howard, Jim
Kelly, Bill Grampp, John Penny, Peter Priston, Henry VanDrunen, Jerry Peace and
Al Heller.   JUNIORS WIN: Pinellas juniors earned singles trophies in this
month's Countryside Junior Championships, a state-sanctioned event.   Victor
Medvedev scored a straight-set victory in the boys 10-and-under final, as did
Rapheal Kucharski in the boys 18 and Axel Dumas in the boys 12. Round-robin
winners included Laura Caffee in the girls 10 and Elyse Roenick in the girls 12.
Tara Goedjen was a straight-set winner in the girls 18.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: SEMINOLE TIMES; LARGO TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS
TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 12, 1987, Saturday, City Edition

Five-week course is a quick study

BYLINE: SUSAN BIDDLE JAFFE

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; Tennis; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 395 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



ST. PETERSBURG - If you've been watching the U.S. Open this week,    chances are
you've seen the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg's TV    commercial for "ASAP"
tennis courses. Sessions of the five-week    course, which was originally
advertised as the "Fast Tennis Course",    begin next week under Greg Yahia,
tennis director for the northeast St.    Petersburg club.

     The course is adapted from a patented program that Yahia worked    with
before coming to St. Petersburg. It's designed to teach the basics    of the
game in a compact time period. The five-week course offers 10    hours of group
instruction for $ 65. For more information call Yahia at    537-6553.

     In addition to his new responsibilities with the Racquet Club,    Yahia
will be coaching the Shorecrest girls and boys tennis teams in    the spring.
Yahia replaces former teaching pro Lisa Grattan, who    coached both the
Shorecrest and St. Petersburg Catholic teams. No    announcement has been made
by St. Petersburg Catholic concerning a    tennis coach for the 1987-88 school
year.

 Net notes

   St. Petersburg's Department of Leisure Services is offering group    lessons
for all ages and skill levels. Private lessons are also    available at the
Willis S. Johns Center, 6635 9th St. N, at $ 8 per half    hour. For more
information concerning classes, times and location call    Vivian Welch at
893-7918.

     Junior players have until Sept. 16 to sign up for the eighth annual
Paradise Island Junior Invitational on Sept. 19-21. Entry fee for the
FTA-USTA sanctioned tournament is $ 16 for singles, $ 8 per player for
doubles. For more information call Al Sarmiento, tournament director at
360-6062.

     The Rotary Club of Seminole will host its fourth annual doubles
tournament at Seminole Lake Racquet Club on Sept. 27. The $ 15 per    player
entry fee is tax deductable, with all proceeds going to the    Rotary's
scholarship fund. For more information call 392-6126.

     The Largo Recreation and Parks department will host an open mixed
doubles tournament Oct. 10-11. Entry is $ 12 plus a new can of balls.  For more
information call Mary Lacey at 584-8671, ext. 228.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 9, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

MISSISSIPPI

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 313 words


Results of the Mississippi Adult Clay Court Championships played at the Gulfport
Racquet Club.

Men's open singles: Keith Jones, Jackson, d. Wayne Speer, Shreveport, La., 6-3,
5-7, 6-3. 35-over singles: Willie Shepard, Jackson, d. Sid Sims, Jackson, 7-6,
6-7, 13-11. 45-over singles: Charles Perkins, New Orleans, d. Richard Martin,
Laurel, 4-6, 6-3, 6-4. 55-over singles: Elliott Streeck, Metairie, La., d. Jim
Wilson, Gulfport, 4-6, 6-4, 6-3. 65-over singles: Cecil Lott, Long Beach, d. Bob
Nelson, Gulfport, 6-0, 6-2. Men's open doubles: John Dunn-Ken Hall Barnett,
Jackson, d. Brad Vander Pol, Long Beach, and Vic Ashcraft, Ocean Springs, 7-6,
6-7, 7-5. 35-over: Dunn-Barnett d. Rod Hartzog, Meridian, and Mickey Dominguez,
Gulfport, 6-3, 7-5. 45-over: Don-Ken Frilot, New Orleans, d. Paul O'Neal and Jim
Cantrell, Ocean Springs, 1-6, 7-5, 6-1. 55-over: O'Neal-Jim Wilson, Gulfport, d.
Jerry Wing, Biloxi, and Joe Scott, Gulfport, 6-0, 6-2.

Women's open singles: Rachel Causey, Jackson, d. Denise Magee, Pascagoula, 6-1,
6-0. 35-over: Susan Toler, Brandon, d. Cindy Griffin, Brandon, 6-0, 6-1.
45-over: Becky Barns, Hattiesburg, d. Eleanor Shaw, Oxford, 6-1, 6-0. 55-over:
Eleanor Shaw, Oxford, d. Louise Bambeek, Hattiesburg, 6-3, 6-4. Women's open
doubles: Lee Ann Boyette, Laurel, and Kathy Lewis, Perkinston, d. Myra Jourdan
and Mary Ann Lewis, Meridian, 6-2, 6- 4. 35-over: Sandra Rogers of Brandon and
Jan Johnson, Jackson, d. Cindy Griffin, Brandon, and Carol Ann Dunn, Jackson,
6-3, 6-0. 45-over: Carol Ann Dunn and Gloria Moore, Meridian, d. Lynn Coxe,
Gulfport, and Allison O'Neal, Ocean Springs, 6-1, 6-0.

Open mixed doubles: Ken and Rachel Curry, Jackson, d. Camille Soulier and Ralph
Abraham, Hattiesburg, 6-0, 6-3. Senior mixed doubles: Willie Shepard, Jackson,
and Fran Johnson, Jackson, d. Winston Cameron and Linda Taylor, Meridian, 6-2,
7-5.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 20, 2001 Sunday, Metro Edition

COLLEGES: GEORGIA WOMEN'S NOTEBOOK: Cargill seeded 2nd, Venkatesan 7th for NCAA
singles tourney

BYLINE: KAREN ROSEN

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 21E

LENGTH: 397 words


Georgia's Aarthi Venkatesan has been seeded seventh for the NCAA Women's
Championships singles draw. Although Venkatesan is ranked No. 21 in the nation,
her high seeding is a tribute to her semifinal showing last year, her No. 2
preseason ranking and her comeback following stomach surgery in February.

Venkatesan, a senior from Brisbane, Australia, will play Keiko Tokuda,
Stanford's No. 5 player, in the 64-player draw. Singles play will begin Monday
if the tournament doesn't get behind because of bad weather.

Ansley Cargill of Atlanta, a Duke freshman, is seeded second behind defending
champion Laura Granville of Stanford.

College Park's Jewel Peterson, a USC sophomore, is among players seeded 9-16 and
will meet Dee Dee Herring of SMU.

Also from Georgia, Mariel Verban will play Jahnavi Parekh of Baylor and Anne
Nguyen will play Megan Miller of Duke.

Two Lady Bulldogs have won the NCAA singles title: Lisa Spain in 1984 and Angela
Lettiere in 1994.

In doubles play scheduled to begin Tuesday, Venkatesan and Lori Grey will meet
Arizona's Michelle Gough and Sophie Register in the 32-team draw.

Major league

Verban has some heavy hitters in her family tree. Her grandfather, Emil Verban,
played major league baseball from 1944-1950. He was a second baseman who began
his career with the the Cardinals and also played for the Phillies, among other
teams. Verban batted .272 in seven years and had one home run. Verban's father,
also named Emil, played in the minors.

Stringing along

Pro Circuit Stringing will string about 500 rackets during the 10-day
tournament. Each player takes four to six rackets on court and the tension has
to be adjusted for heat, humidity and the surface.

Racket stringer Craig Brotman and two colleagues are working from 8 a.m. to 11
p.m. each day, with each racket taking about 12 minutes and costing $12, a
discount from the $20 pros pay.

"We're the most important people here," Brotman said. "This game is all mental
and they have to have confidence in their rackets."

Brotman travels with the pro tour, but is based locally at Galyan's in Buckhead.


Top flight

Cargill is one of four finalists for the 2001 Honda Award recognizing the top
women's tennis player in the nation. The other finalists are Bea Bielik (Wake
Forest), Michelle Dasso (Notre Dame), and Stanford's Granville.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Doubles partners Agata Cioroch (left) and Tina Hojnik celebrate a point against
Vanderbilt's Sarah Riske and Aleke Tsoubanos. / BRANT SANDERLIN / Staff Photo:
Georgia's Tina Hojnik reaches for the ball against Vanderbilt's Sarah Riske and
Aleke Tsoubanos during the NCAA Women's Tennis Championships. Hojnik and her
partner Agata Cioroch won. / BRANT SANDERLIN / Staff Graphic:
Weather causing problems
This edition does not have the results of the NCAA Women's Tennis Championships
because of weather delays Saturday at the Lincoln Tennis Center at Stone
Mountain.
After days of oppressive heat, the skies opened up and threw the schedule
off-kilter. No. 2-seed Georgia and No. 6-seed Vanderbilt had each won a doubles
match and Vanderbilt led 5-4 in the third doubles match when play was suspended
for the second time at 3:05 p.m. No. 1-seed Stanford was scheduled to play No.
4-seed Florida later Saturday.
Lightning forced competition to begin an hour and 15 minutes late. In less than
an hour, Georgia's Tina Hojnik and Agata Cioroch defeated Sarah Riske and Aleke
Tsoubanos at No. 2 doubles 8-3. Minutes later, Vanderbilt's Julie Ditty and Kate
Burson closed out No. 1 doubles 8-3 over Aarthi Venkatesan and Lori Grey. At No.
3 doubles, Georgia's Mariel Verban and Christa Grey trailed Jenny Miller and
Kelly Schmandt 5-4 when play was again suspended because of lightning. A hard
rain soon followed.
--- Karen Rosen

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Fairfax Racquet Club

                             9860 Fairfax Boulevard
                               Fairfax,  VA 22030
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (703) 273-9276
FAX: (703) 273-3404
URL: www.fairfaxracquetclub.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 75

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Since 1972, the Fairfax Racquet Club has been one of the premier racquet and
fitness clubs in the Washington Metropolitan area. It's much more than a racquet
club it's the ultimate sport and fitness club. Members enjoy a high-energy
atmosphere, state of the art facilities and equipment, stimulating environment,
a professional staff and therapeutic massage services. Fairfax Racquet Club is
not only a premier racquet and fitness club but a way of life for many in the
Washington Metropolitan area.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 3,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 24, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Upsets in first two rounds cut both ways;
Western Kentucky, Villanova bright spots

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 206 words


Bracket Racket

It was sweet, at least for a while

USA TODAY's Tim Gardner called his shot -- twice -- in the Bracket Racket blog.
He chose two 12th seeds to win in his NCAA men's tournament bracket:

*Western Kentucky over Drake: "Drake drained the gas tank in run to MVC crown
and WKU will get hot from outside. Bad combination for the 5 seed. Pick: Western
Kentucky."

*Villanova over Clemson: "Small-ball will boost Villanova as the 'Cats shut down
the Tigers from outside. Pick: Villanova."

Both won, giving Gardner a pair of 12s in the second round. He picked the
Wildcats to advance again, and they did.

But his bracket bragging rights ended there. Gardner had Connecticut advancing
against Western Kentucky, but UConn lost to No. 13 seed San Diego in the first
round. (WKU beat San Diego.)

After the dust settled from Sunday, including Davidson's upset of No. 2 seed
Georgetown, only half of Gardner's Sweet 16 selections remain in play.

"I drank the Pac-10 Kool-Aid," he said, lamenting losses by Arizona, Oregon and
Southern California.

At least Gardner's championship pick, UCLA, is still alive.

*Today: Check out the updated bracket standings and share your best/worst picks
in the Bracket Racket blog.

Click here

bracketracket.usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Scott A. Miller, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              July 6, 2009 Monday
                                 First Edition

SECTION: C:DAILY CAMERA; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 258 words


Nicole Kenneally completed her 10th year as coach of the Colorado women's tennis
team. She has produced seven consecutive winning seasons at CU.

How do you size a child's tennis racket? Not just the grip, but the head size,
shaft length, etc.?

The USTA and all the racquet companies have done a great job in putting out
racquets for all ages. The racquets are sized based upon age, height and weight
of the player. Rocky Mountain Racquet Specialists has a great selection of
racquets for the 3-year-old to the 99-year-old player.

What are the benefits of playing tennis?

Tennis really is a sport of a lifetime. Whether you play once a day, week or
year it is a great opportunity to get out and move around. There are so many
programs out there to fit your desire, whether it be CardioTennis or the
opportunity to play matches and compete in USTA League Play. Just like anything
you do get better with more practice but like all coaches say "keep your eye on
the ball." This is an important tip to remember for all levels of player. Enjoy!

And, congrats to Roger Federer for his record setting 15th Grand Slam title. It
only seemed fitting for it to happen at Wimbledon. Andy Roddick, though, played
a fantastic match and I can only imagine how bummed he is. But if he continues
to play at the level he played in these two weeks then he will continue to put
himself in contention and climb to the top of the ranks again.

If you have a question for Kenneally, e-mail it with your name and phone number
(for verification purposes) to sports@dailycamera.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   September 2, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

THE MENTAL SIDE: THINKING GAME;
 Idiosyncracies, superstitions and rituals can help you focus --- provided you
choose something that's within your control.;
 Atlanta at Play: Special Tennis Issue

BYLINE: Scott Bernarde, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Atlanta at Play; Pg. 9T

LENGTH: 738 words

Aundra Lester has come to expect it when he meets friend Donnie Verges on the
tennis court.

"It seems like every time we play, he brings out the measuring stick," the
Lithonia resident says. "He has to measure the net to make sure it's the right
height (36 inches at the center).

"He'll say something like, 'OK, I got to lower it a half-inch.' . . . It takes
10 minutes to get the net at the right height."

Of course, Verges doesn't measure the net every time he and Lester play, which
is about four times a week, but he's ready just in case. Meticulous about court
conditions --- he'll also clean the court of every leaf and pebble he sees ---
the Stone Mountain resident won't play until he's checked things out.

"It depends on how the net looks when you get on the court," says Verges, 39,
who owns a janitorial business. "I'll check it a lot, particularly at this one
apartment complex.

"I look at the net every time we go out. If I don't feel the net is at the
proper height, I won't play until I check it out. . . . Sometimes it's a game of
inches, so it's important to have it right."

Verges is like most other longtime tennis players who have their preferences, or
even idiosyncrasies, about how they play the game. This can include
superstitions like wearing lucky socks, not stepping on the lines when entering
the court area and only using one side of a racket's strings, and pet peeves
like not wanting your opponent to hit a serve back over the net after a fault.

And Verges is not alone when he plays Lester, either. Lester, 35, a systems
technologist for Motorola, occasionally will not take a water break if things
aren't going his way.

"If I'm losing, I don't drink anything," Lester says. "It's lasted to the end of
the match before. I probably think I don't deserve any water, trying to punish
myself."

While Lester's abstinence from drinking water is probably not a good thing in
the middle of a 95-degree day, the mental process behind such an idiosyncrasy
can actually be beneficial, says Dr. James Millhouse, an Atlanta sports
psychologist who has worked with athletes of all ages and sports in his 25 years
in the profession.

And that applies to everything from a superstition developed by accident to
rituals like bouncing the ball a certain number of times before serving.

Such actions provide "mental anchors," Millhouse says, which can help an athlete
stay focused. The anchors help an athlete get into the ideal performance state,
that once established and accessed becomes a positive influence.

Simply said, if you believe something you do helps your game, keep doing it.

"(Superstitions) clearly do help," says Millhouse, who is known as "Dr. Slump,"
by local baseball coaches for his ability to help a batter out of a slump. "If
you ask, 'Should I do it?' The answer is yes, and make sure you do it at
critical points."

Atlanta area teaching pro Paige O'Neill is a proponent of rituals to help
develop mental toughness. O'Neill, who has her own idiosyncrasies, such as
calling out the score when winning, but not calling it out when behind, says
little rituals, particularly in between points, can build focus and decrease the
impact of off-court distractions.

"In between points, which is where I always lost my mental toughness, is where
it's important to be focused," O'Neill says. "After you hit a ball into the net,
at that second, are you going to lose it? Or are you going to maintain it?

"You should never look to see who's in the audience or what's happening off the
court. There's a lot of distractions in recreational tennis. If you're not
focused, it'll get the best of you."

That's why you'll see the pros on TV fiddle with their strings or a piece of
clothing before the next serve.

"Stroke for stroke, there's not a whole lot of difference between the top 1, 000
players in the world," O'Neill says. "But it's the ones who maintain the focus
throughout the match who win the most."

Millhouse, who has worked with members of the NFL's Denver Broncos, warns that
superstitions and idiosyncrasies can only be effective if they are things that
you can control.

"Like if someone has a superstition that they can't play well on a cloudy day,
then that's not under their control and that's bad," he says. "But, if they,
say, look and study the (brand) name on the ball before they serve, they can
control that, so it's good to keep those."

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Measuring up: Donnie Verges takes time out to measure the center of a net to
make sure it is within regulation --- 36 inches. Some call it strange, but
others say such rituals help concentration. / RICH ADDICKS / Staff
Graphic
QUICK TIPS
"The Inner Game of Tennis," published in 1974 (and reprinted in 1997) by W.
Timothy Gallwey, encourages tennis players to focus on individual aspects of
shots to improve their game. If you learn all the physical components of a shot,
you can easily teach yourself to hit it. The following list, for example,
applies to ground strokes. If you pay attention to how these things change on
different shots (topspin, slice, open- stance, etc.) it will make learning new
shots less intimidating and easier to understand.
Backswing. Where is your racket at the back of your swing? Where is the ball
when you initiate your backswing? What happens to the face of the racket during
the backswing?
Impact. How is your weight distributed? What is the angle of the racket face at
impact? How long can you feel the ball on the face of the racket? How far in
front of or behind you is the ball at impact?
 Follow-through. Where does your racket finish? What has happened to the face of
the racket since impact? Is there any hesitancy or resistance during the
follow-through?
Footwork. How is your weight distributed during preparation and at impact? How
many steps did you take to get to the ball? When the ball approaches, do you
retreat, advance or hold your ground? From how solid a base are you hitting the
ball?

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 17, 2004, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Nanotech could put a new spin on sports

BYLINE: Kevin Maney

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 2137 words

Sometime in 2005, start-up company NanoDynamics plans to sell a nanotech golf
ball that promises to dramatically reduce hooks and slices for even the most
frustrated of weekend golfers.

That will be a hint of the future of sports.

NanoDynamics says it's figured out how to alter the materials in a golf ball at
the molecular level so the weight inside shifts less as the ball spins. The less
it shifts, the straighter even a badly hit ball will go.

"It's all about controlling the physics of how the ball spins," says CEO Keith
Blakely.


Nanotechnology -- engineering on a scale of individual atoms -- is a way to make
new materials, or to improve properties of existing materials. Its uses range
from medical devices to car paint. And in the past, any shift in materials
science has eventually altered sports.

Think of tennis rackets. Until a few decades ago, they were made of wood. Wilson
figured out how to make a metal racket and in 1967 introduced the breakthrough
T2000. By 1980, high-end rackets were made of graphite. As the materials got
stiffer and lighter, the game began to favor speed and power serves.

Think, too, of aluminum baseball bats, composite skis, plastic (instead of
leather) football helmets and Astroturf. All emerged from new materials and
changed their games.

Now it's nanotech's turn. The science is still young, and so far only a few
nanotech-based sports products have hit the market. A Japanese company makes a
bowling ball that supposedly won't get surface nicks yet sticks to the center of
the lane the same as traditional balls. Wilson uses nanotech to make tennis
balls that deflate less quickly, and several companies are working on nanotech
golf clubs. A French company makes a nano-engineered tennis racket.

Much more will come.

Nanotechnology can make material stronger and lighter than ever -- "and sporting
goods is all about 'stronger and lighter,' " says Bob Thurman, director of
research for Wilson Global Golf. Nanotech will eventually make better-performing
yacht racing masts, hockey sticks, vaulting poles, softball bats, golf clubs and
tennis rackets. The technology will help make lighter racing bikes and Indy
cars.

Eventually, nanotech could produce some truly exotic sports products. Nanosys,
one of the most successful nanotech companies, has come up with a
nano-engineered coating far slicker than Teflon. Water literally bounces off it.
Today, Nanosys is working only on industrial uses for the coating. But if the
coating could be made to cover one of those all-body swimsuits, a swimmer might
practically skim across the pool.

Nanotechnology comes of age

Nanotechnology has been an area of serious research in university and industrial
labs for more than a decade. Over the past few years, nanotech start-ups have
begun to dot the business landscape. Some of the first products have reached the
market -- mostly industrial uses, such as car paint that adheres better.

Like "atomic" in the 1950s, "micro" in the 1980s and the ".com" suffix in the
1990s, "nano" is becoming a hot new label. Companies use it in their names --
Nanosys, NanoDynamics. Marketers are starting to throw it on products.

It's a broad term. Nanotech can refer to anything engineered down to the
nanometer. A nanometer is one-billionth of a meter, which is only three to five
atoms across.

Nanotech is being used to make tiny lenses in optical switches to redirect light
from one fiber-optic cable into another. It's emerging as a way to make solar
panels that are far more efficient than any current technology. One company,
Nano-Tex, has engineered cotton fibers so they resist water yet still feel like
cotton. Eddie Bauer now sells the company's Nano-Care khakis.

Sports gear could be four times better

Sports seems to be nanotech's next frontier. One hot area of interest is in
carbon nanotubes -- an engineered matrix of carbon molecules that creates a
substance up to 100 times stronger than steel, at one-sixth the weight.
Nanotubes are the next leap up the trajectory that went from wood to metal or
fiberglass and then to graphite -- every step getting lighter, stronger and less
likely to break.

"It's amazing in sports how much just incremental increases in performance can
mean," says Jim Von Ehr, CEO of nanotech company Zyvex. Sports equipment makers
are happy when a product is 10% to 20% better; nano-materials can make some
items perhaps four times better, he says.

That might not sit well with sports governing bodies, which in the past have
restricted some new technologies because of concerns about how the sport and its
records might be altered. For instance, Major League Baseball doesn't allow
aluminum bats.

Some tennis experts, such as former star John McEnroe, argue that modern rackets
have ruined the game by making men's serves almost impossible to return.

Sporting goods experts say a carbon nanotube racket could boost serve speeds
significantly higher yet.

Big impact in sports still a ways off

There hasn't yet been a flood of nanotech sports products because the technology
is still expensive and difficult. Plus, sports marketers are still trying to
figure out how to pitch nanotech products and how much demand there will be from
sports enthusiasts.

"Nanotech's now just not sexy enough," says Wilson's Thurman. A nanotech club or
racket probably wouldn't look much different from ones made of graphite. "Going
from a wood racket to metal -- that's sexy," Thurman adds. "Visible technology
is key in sporting goods."

The size of the nanotech sports product market so far is negligible -- so small
that none of the better-known nanotech watchers have bothered to measure it.
Nanotech in general is just emerging as an industrial force. In 2004, $13
billion worth of products will incorporate nanotechnology, less than 0.1% of
global output, according to the NanoBusiness Alliance trade group. But by 2014,
that figure is expected to rise to $2.6 trillion, or 15% of that year's
manufacturing output.

Yet at this early stage, a number of nanotech sports products are poking into
the market.

 * Golf. Wilson is using a nano-composite material to replace the titanium crown
on the Wilson Staff Driver. That makes the top part of the driver lighter,
lowering the center of gravity -- which helps the golfer achieve more power and
accuracy, Wilson says. The company is also using nanotech to strengthen golf
shafts, but, "The problem is, it's extremely expensive to manufacture nanotech
shafts," Thurman says.

AccuFlex, which makes only shafts, in August introduced its Evolution nanotech
golf club shaft.

Next could come nano golf balls. NanoDynamics, based in Buffalo, won't divulge
many details about its upcoming ball. Until now, it hasn't publicly revealed
anything about the ball, which the company plans to make and sell for $7 to $8
apiece. The most expensive ball on the market today is about $5. Most golfers
pay $1 to $2 a ball.

But the company says the balls could make such a difference -- and, for
instance, result in fewer lost balls -- that golfers would pay the steep price.
NanoDynamics says it's working with the U.S. Golf Association to make sure the
balls are legal.

Wilson and other companies are also adding nanotech substances to golf ball
cores, though they don't claim the makeover promised by NanoDynamics.

 * Tennis. Wilson earlier this month introduced its nCode racket, which uses
nanotubes. French company Babolat is selling a $180 nano-racket that it claims
is five times stiffer than carbon rackets.

Wilson and New Jersey-based InMat say they've used nanotech to improve the
tennis ball. Based on research at Cornell University, InMat's technology forces
1-micron balls of butyl rubber to mix and bond with clay particles. It creates a
coating that's flexible but nearly airtight. That means tennis balls can keep
their bounce longer once the can is opened.

 * Biking. Easton Sports and Zyvex are working together to put carbon nanotubes
into bicycle parts. So far, they have used them only in handlebars, making them
stronger and lighter. The material, says Zyvex CEO Von Ehr, "is very difficult
to process." But it can shave 15% to 20% off the weight -- a big deal to a pro
bike racer.

 * Bowling. Japanese company Nanodesu (which, translated, means "It's nano!") is
using a nanotech material called fullerenes as a super-hard coating on bowling
balls. The company says it prevents chipping and cracking but performs like a
typical polyurethane ball.

Say goodbye to smelly gym clothes?

Few other nanotech sports products have yet come to market -- other than
peripheral products, such as nanotech-enhanced ski wax, sunglasses and sun
block.

People in the sporting goods and nanotech industries, though, are constantly
knocking around ideas for using nanotech in sports. Zyvex says it's talking "to
every conceivable sporting goods company" about products such as hockey sticks,
helmets and racing yacht masts.

Wilson only recently started selling all-graphite softball bats for $200 to
$300. It's interested in using nanotech to make those bats lighter and stronger
-- and perhaps pricier.

Just about anything is possible. In fact, nanotech will probably be used to
solve one of the oldest problems in sports: smelly equipment and clothing.

NanoHorizons of State College, Pa., this fall said it developed silver
nano-particles that can mesh with the cotton, plastic or nylon material in
shoes, pads, jerseys, helmets, socks or other pieces of sports equipment. The
metals kill the bacteria and microbes that cause odors.

"I know a whole lot of moms who would love to see this incorporated into hockey
gear, which gets pretty ripe," says Blakely, a hockey dad as well as a nanotech
CEO.


Sporting equipment travels long development path

Tennis rackets

1967: Wilson Sporting Goods introduced the first popular metal rackets, the
T2000. Rackets with a metal head existed as early as 1889, but were not popular.


Late 1970s: Graphite tennis rackets introduced. Since 1980, average racket
weights have decreased to around 10.5 ounces, with some rackets as light as 7
ounces.

Baseball bats

1884: According to legend, Bud Hillerich creates the first wooden baseball bat
for Louisville player Pete Browning. Louisville Slugger is born.

1924: William Shroyer issued a patent for the first metal bat.

1970: Hillerich & Bradsby contracts Alcoa Aluminum to manufacturer the first
aluminum bat for the company. Worth Sports introduced the game's first aluminum
baseball bat. Batting averages rose 30 points, and the number of home runs
doubled.

1991: The Baum bat. Inner core made from resin-impregnated fibers and yarns with
an ash wood surface. The Baum bat improves hitting power by 5%.

1993: First titanium bats introduced by Worth and Easton.

Skis

1850s: The cambered ski invented by woodcarvers in the province of Telemark,
Norway.

1882: The first hickory skis produced in Norway.

1932: The first three-layer laminated skis were invented by Bjorn Ullevoldsaeter
in Norway and independently by George Aaland in Seattle.

1959: The first successful plastic fiberglass ski was invented by Fred
Langendorf and Art Molnar in Montreal.

1989: Volant skis creates the first commercially manufactured steel ski.

Golf equipment

1502: King James IV of Scotland commissions a bowmaker in Perth to make a set of
golf clubs. Prior to 1502, no standard method was used. Players carved their own
clubs from wood or paid skilled craftsmen.

1600s: Clubmakers begin to create forged metal heads.

1700s: Clubmakers begin to create clubs with steel shafts.

1826: Clubmaker Robert Forgan of Scotland began to use hickory imported from
America to manufacture shafts.

1848: Gutta-percha balls invented and could be hit a maximum distance of 225
yards. Prior to 1848, golf balls were thin leather bags stuffed with feathers.

1899: First rubber balls used; when professionally hit, could reach distances
approaching 430 yards.

1963: Clubs are manufactured by casting.

1973: Graphite shaft introduced.

Football helmet

1939: Gerry Morgan and other employees of the John T. Riddell Co. in Chicago
invent and patent a plastic football helmet. Players in the Chicago College
All-Star game wear plastic helmets.

Early 1940s: John T. Riddell, founder of Riddell Sports, perfects the first
plastic suspension helmet.

Astroturf

1966: The Houston Astros' baseball season begins on a Chemgrass surface now
renamed Astroturf at the Astrodome.

Sources: About.com; Louisville Slugger; Worth Sports; Baseball-Bats.net; The
Official NFL Encyclopedia; Riddell Sports; International Skiing History
Association; USA TODAY research

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Karl Gelles, USA TODAY (ILLUSTRATION); PHOTO, Color,
Greg L'Heureux, USA TODAY; PHOTOS, B/W, USA TODAY (3); PHOTO, B/W, AP; PHOTOS,
B/W (2)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            April 17, 2004 Saturday

Campus notes

LENGTH: 581 words


Sport

MEN'S TENNIS: After routing Utah Thursday, No. 72 BYU (7-13, 2-1) tacked on its
fourth straight win Friday as it shut down the men of Air Force 6-1. The Cougars
have come out on top in five of their last six match-ups.

For their final regular season conference match, the Cougars face New Mexico at
10 a.m. today at the Canyon Racquet Club in Salt Lake City. Admission is free.
Utah

SOFTBALL: Utah split its series with New Mexico in Albuquerque on Friday.

Utah won the first game after Devina Quintero knocked a solo shot in the top of
the eighth, as Utah won 1-0.

In the second game, Kate Nygaard connected for two two-run homers, but the Utes
fell 7-6 in nine innings. Brianna Gourdin picked up the victory in the first
game, but earned the loss in the second to put her at 11-5 on the year.

MEN'S TENNIS: Utah was edged 5-2 Friday by No. 67 New Mexico at the Canyon
Racquet Club. Utah wraps up its regular season today against Air Force at 2 p.m.
at the Canyon Racquet Club. Utah State

BASKETBALL: Men's coach Stew Morrill announced today the hiring of Dave Rice to
the Aggie staff.

Rice has spent the last 11 seasons as an assistant coach at the University of
Nevada at Las Vegas, which is the second-longest tenure ever for an assistant in
that program. UVSC

BASEBALL: UVSC and Weber State will meet in a doubleheader today at Spanish Fork
High School.

The first game will start at 2 p.m. and will be a nine-inning contest. The
second game will start 30 minutes after the first game ends and will go seven
innings.

SOFTBALL: The University of Northern Colorado pounded out 14 runs and 24 hits
Friday while sweeping a doubleheader 6-3 and 8-7 from the Utah Valley State in
Greeley, Colo.

UVSC (26-13) will try to avenge the losses today as the same two teams square
off in another doubhleheader beginning at 11 a.m. Weber State

HONORS: Weber Stateon Friday honored 158 athletes for their achievements in the
classroom during the past year.

Some 130 athletes were recognized for posting a 3.50 grade point average, or
higher, during the 2003 spring semester and the 2004 fall semester; 28 posted
perfect 4.0's. Southern Utah

SOFTBALL: SUU (8-2) swept Valpraiso in a Friday doubleheader 6-5 and 16-14, with
the two meeting in another twinbill starting at noon today at T-Bird Field.

SUU's Lacee LePrey won both games, improving to 19-4 and tying the SUU record
for most pitching victories in a single season.

Key hits for SUU in the opener were Jess Heineman's RBI triple and Kimmie
Tillery's two-run home run, with LePrey scoring the game-winning run on a Valpo
wild pitch.

In the second-game slugfest, Dusti Winward and LePrey blasted back-to-back home
runs, with Ashley Howerton smacking a grand slam. SLCC

BASEBALL: Salt Lake Community College split a doubleheader with Southern Idaho
Friday with the Bruins winning the first game 7-6 and dropping the second, 5-0.
Salt Lake moves to 22-16 overall and 14-12 in the SWAC. SLCC and CSI will get
together for another doubleheader today in Twin Falls.

SOFTBALL: At Ephraim, the Bruins softball team took a doubleheader from Snow
College Friday, 14-0 and 4-1. Lindsie Nielson and Chelsey LePrey combined to
throw a 2-hit shutout. Jamie Fife, Angela Garrard, and Sherri Howell each went
3-4 to provide the offense for the Bruins. Fife drove in 3 runs, Garrard 2. In
the second game,Sheri Shrock allowed only 2 hits and struck out four. Salt Lake
improves to 29-13 overall and 19-9 in the SWAC. SLCC and Snow play another
doubleheader Saturday in Ephraim.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             March 20, 1992, Friday

Tennis: Time to curb power brokers

BYLINE: From JOHN ROBERTS in Key Biscayne

SECTION: SPORT PAGE; Page 37

LENGTH: 814 words


THE point was made by Patrice Dominguez, the former French No. 1, that, in
saving trees, tennis had become a green sport. Green is also the colour of the
sport's major currency, the dollar, which tends to be the bottom line in any
debate, including the current one concerning the regulation of rackets to curb
the ''power game''.

It is a complex issue, as no doubt will be confirmed here today when a selection
of players, coaches, administrators, tournaments directors, equipment
manufacturers and medical experts express their views at a symposium on ''the
speed of the game'', organised by the ATP Tour.

Manufacturers are not the easiest of opponents, and technological advances were
inevitable from the moment, more than a decade ago, that players discarded the
traditional wooden racket in favour of larger models made of fibreglass, and
later of graphite.

To some observers, the implications were as serious as when the long-bow evolved
into powder and shot. Their protestations were ignored, and the faithful old
woody was consigned to the museum.

Revolutionary changes in racket frames coincided with the physical development
of players, particularly in the men's game. Competitors well over 6ft tall
became the norm rather than the exception, and far more attention was paid to
training and diet. As a result, it is argued, velocity has overwhelmed artistry.

Even those who fret about the muscular course the sport has taken would probably
acknowledge that the women's game, once derided by detractors as a pat-ball
sideshow, has gained enormously from the extra weight of shot.

Unlike some controversies the ''power game'' debate in professional tennis has
not been provoked by spectators screaming to get their money back. Though many
abhor the trend, two recent polls, one by L'Equipe, the other by USA Today,
produced similar results: a clear majority against changes in the game.

Most of the concern has been generated from within the sport. In response, the
International Tennis Federation's rules committee, while discounting alterations
to the dimensions of the court or a change from two serves to one, has made
several suggestions for discussion: raising the height of the net; regulating
technological development in the production of racket, balls and court surfaces
and changing the foot-fault rule to prohibit jumping.

''I don't particularly endorse all the ideas, but it's pretty clear that
something should be done,'' was the response from John McEnroe, who not long ago
described himself as a ''relic'' of the era of ''touch'' tennis. ''I don't think
a lot of these racket companies are doing that well, so I think it's within the
realm of possibility to go back to a smaller racket.''

Goran Ivanisevic, who lost to McEnroe here at the Lipton Championships, recently
served a total of 105 aces in five matches on an indoor court in Stuttgart. Bob
Brett, the Australian who coaches Ivanisevic emphasised that there is much more
to the lofty Croatian's game than a big, accurate serve.

''I would like to see slightly less pressure in the balls for indoor matches,''
Brett said. ''But I wouldn't change the pressure outdoors. The serve and
volleyer should have a slight advantage. After all, he is the attacking player.
I wouldn't like it if we went back to Lendl and Wilander.''

Ivanisevic, while making no apology for being blessed with his serve, warned
that children using wide-body rackets were already hitting the ball harder than
he was. Most of the leading male players experience difficulty in controlling
the ball with these thicker-framed rackets, though Monica Seles, Martina
Navratilova and Jennifer Capriati are among the women who have made the
necessary adjustment.

Steffi Graf, of the fearsome forehand, found the wide-body racket ''too powerful
and too fast for me right now,'' but agreed that this would not be a problem for
a generation growing up with them. ''If I could, I would definitely go back to
the wooden rackets,'' she said. ''It was more fun.''

Seles wondered if the rallying game would continue to diminish, particularly in
men's matches, but was not sure if she would advocate change. ''Some players are
so much taller that automatically they are going to have a huge serve,'' she
said. ''If, physically, God made him bigger, that's luck.''

God did not give Michael Chang height. He gave him speed and determination,
which he used to good effect this week to defeat taller, more powerful
opponents, Marc Rosset, Markus Zoecke and Pete Sampras. ''I'm kind of used to
playing players who are much bigger than me,'' he said.

None of the top players has gained prominence with only a serve to their game,
and while it might be advisable to try to regulate the rackets and return to the
old foot-fault rule, further tinkering with the rules could cause more harm than
good.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Independent Print Ltd


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           November 27, 2012 Tuesday

Benoit named to budget coalition

BYLINE: ALLISON BOURG Staff Writer

SECTION: A; Pg.7

LENGTH: 562  words


Racquet club on market for $7.5M

The Severna Park Racquet Club is on the shopping block for $7.5 million. The
31-year-old club sits on 2.93 acres at 8514 Veterans Highway in Millersville,
according to a real estate listing on LoopNet.com.

Severna Park Racquet Club has 1,900 members and 44,472 square feet of sports and
training facilities. It also has an indoor pool and Jacuzzi.

The listing says the property is included in the sale price and terms are
negotiable. The sellers offer the option of keeping its current staff and
management.

The club offers fitness classes, child care and has an on-site café.

Benoit named to budget coalition

County Councilman Jamie Benoit is part of a bipartisan coalition aimed at
solving the country's debt problem.

The Campaign to Fix the Debt launched its efforts in Maryland earlier this
month. The group is calling on lawmakers to address the $16 trillion national
debt and keep the country from going over the "fiscal cliff."

On New Year's Day, a series of tax increases and spending cuts are set to go
into effect unless Congress can agree on a budget deal. The Campaign to Fix the
Debt is a national group of more than 300,000 business leaders, former elected
officials and others.

Benoit, a Crownsville Democrat, is the CEO of technology company Federal Data
Systems.

"Like many companies in our region that do business with the federal government,
we are reluctant to make long-term investments if we can't be certain that a
couple months from now the president and Congress won't force the draconian
sequestration cuts upon us," Benoit said in a statement.

Benoit will head to Washington, D.C., this week to take part in congressional
outreach. A citizens' petition can be found at fixthedebt.org.

AACC programs target unemployed

Anne Arundel Community College is offering two new programs designed to help
unemployed workers fill openings in the high-demand industries of mechatronics
and cyber technology. The programs start in January and can be completed in less
than a year.

A career as a mechatronics technician combines mechanics, electronics and
software skills. Jobs that use those skills include robotics, smart cars,
renewable energy systems, advanced manufacturing and defense systems.

Program participants are eligible to take exams for the Siemens Level 1
certification and the Solid Works Associate certification.

Cyber technology training allows students to develop their business and
information technology skills for cyber customer service and technical support
careers. Participants have the opportunity to take four industry-recognized
certification exams: Cisco CCNA, CompTIA A+, Network+ and Security+.

Information sessions on Wednesday, Dec. 5, Dec. 12 and Dec. 19 will explain the
credit programs. Sessions are offered from noon to 1 p.m. in the Center for
Applied Learning and Technology Room 350 on the Arnold campus, 101 College
Parkway. AACC's new programs were developed with funding from a grant awarded to
the National STEM Consortium and 10 community colleges in nine states under the
U.S. Department of Labor's Trade Adjustment Act grant program.

For information on the mechatronics program, contact Joe Taylor at
jtaylor@aacc.edu or 410-777-2909 or Tim Callinan at tmcallinan@aacc.edu or
410-777-2354. For information or about the cyber technology cohort, contact
Marelise Voss at mevoss@aacc.edu or

410-777-2524.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Toronto Sun

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Foul Pay; Shapovalov, 17, fined for hitting ref - but cut the kid some slack

BYLINE: Wayne Scanlan, Toronto Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; In Ottawa; Pg. S15

LENGTH: 766  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The Atlanta Falcons weren't the only ones to get blind-sided on Sunday.

It also happened to a Davis Cup umpire at TD Place in Ottawa.

We can't accuse umpire Arnaud Gabas of taking his eye off the ball, because the
play was dead when Canadian Denis Shapovalov pulled a ball from his pocket and
smashed it angrily - accidentally striking Gabas just beneath his left eye.

There was visible swelling around the eye, but Gabas, a gamer, calmly announced
the Shapovalov default - before being taken to hospital for evaluation.
According to the International Tennis Federation, Gabas did not suffer eye
damage, though he will undergo a follow-up appointment with his own eye doctor
in France.

As quickly as the ball reached the umpire, Shapovalov's right hand came to his
own mouth to signal his mortification and disbelief over what just happened.

The end result was that Canada dropped the deciding singles match to Kyle Edmund
(6-3, 6-4, 2-1) to deliver Great Britain a 3-2 win in this Davis Cup tie. The
Brits advance to the Davis Cup World Group quarterfinal while Canada faces the
circuitous route of World Group playoffs in September.

On Monday, Shapovalov was fined $7,000 US for his actions. He would have been
docked $10,000 had his foul been ruled intentional. It was hardly that. The
young man apologized unconditionally to the umpire and to Canadian teammates
Sunday, and again, with feeling, on Twitter Monday for his "unprofessional
behaviour." He could not have been more remorseful.

Everyone out of senior high school remembers what it was like to be 17 and a
little peed off. Fortunately, most of us didn't have to worry about a fit of
pique on the field of play ending up on YouTube or sports channel low-light
reels for years to come.

So, there is some sympathy for this teenager from Richmond Hill acting like,
well, a teenager.

Secondly, Shapovalov probably shouldn't have been thrown into the pressure
boiler of a Davis Cup tie - a fresh-faced Wimbledon junior champ, cap on
backwards, up against seasoned adult players. It only happened because Milos
Raonic, Canada's best singles player, was injured and unable to compete. That
left Vasek Pospisil to fill in for Raonic, which he did, heroically.

Shapovalov then took on Pospisil's role as No. 2 in singles, and it was a lot to
ask of the kid.

Finally, can everyone just stop smashing racquets and/or hammering tennis balls
in disgust? Let's drop punching bags beyond the base line for venting purposes.

Youtube videos spilleth over with tantrums captured on camera. Some of the rants
carry on so long the angry player has time to change moods, never mind his
racquet.

One of the most popular racquet-smashing episodes occurred at the 2012
Australian Open when Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus systematically destroyed four
racquets. The last two were still in their plastic wrap, hundreds of dollars of
preciously-crafted tennis tools smashed to bits on an impulse.

In the end, it was comical.

Fans cheering wildly, an umpire uttering a "racquet abuse warning," which caused
Baghdatis to break out in a grin.

The best and brightest of tennis stars have smashed racquets, from Novak
Djokovic to the normally serene and cerebral Roger Federer.

There is a rich history of hothead moments in tennis, most famously conducted by
John McEnroe, more of a verbal ranter than a racquet smasher.

Umpires and tennis linesmen occasionally get in the line of fire. At the Queen's
Club Championships in 2012, David Nalbandian of Argentina lashed out after
losing a point in the final, kicking down a Nike advertising board at the side
of the court. What Nalbandian didn't realize was that a line judge was sitting
directly behind that ad board - the top edge of the board cut into the judge's
shin, causing blood to run down his leg onto his bright white socks. Nalbandian
was disqualified. These days, he's more apt to be smashing rally racing cars
than tennis racquets.

All things considered, Shapovalov's errant, unlucky ball smash could have been
worse.

He could have been winning this match, but was in fact well on his way to defeat
anyway. He could have been at Centre Court in Wimbledon and accidentally picked
off Queen Elizabeth II, making a rare appearance court side.

He could have been an older player, beyond reform. Instead, a promising young
player who truly is sorry has a chance to learn from his mistake.

Hopefully, the next time the young Shapovalov strikes a tennis ball toward the
stands, it will be a playful lob to the crowd, celebrating a well-earned
victory. wscanlan@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Sun Media Corporation. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Canadian Press; (See hardcopy for photo); Getty Images;  Denis
Shapovalov reacts after accidentally hitting ref Arnaud Gabas (inset) in the
face during Canada's Davis Cup match against Great Britain on Sunday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Toronto Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           October 11, 2008 Saturday

What a racket, as gizmo stirs a row;
'The Natural', with two handles, could raise your game despite the criticism

BYLINE: MARK HODGKINSON TENNIS CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 876  words


WHEN you first see 'The Natural Power Grip', with its two handles, you would be
forgiven for taking it for a pair of garden shears. But 'The Natural' is not for
the likes of Alan Titchmarsh and Charlie Dimmock. It happens to be a tennis
racket, if a very strange-looking one, and an innovation in design that has not
been to everyone's liking in the sport - you would be surprised what a fuss you
can cause with a second handle.

Two American brothers, Dann and Brian Battistone, have been using

'The Natural' to play doubles on the main ATP and second-tier Challenger tours.
And, judging by the strong reaction that the Battistones have provoked from a
few of their fellow competitors, you would think that Dann and Brian each had a
couple of heads, not that they play with rackets with two handles.

The Battistones have been called "four-letter words'' on court, they have been
called a pair of clowns, and they have been told that they belong in a circus.
There are clearly a few reactionaries about on the tennis tour - show them a
quirky, imaginative racket design and they will fly off the (extra) handle.

Dann recalled one occasion when an opponent swore at him over the net. And Brian
confided that he and his brother have been mocked by players and been heckled by
one opponent's girlfriend.

"We've had a few rude comments about the racket, a few things have been said,''
Brian admitted. "Some people have said that we should be in a circus, that we're
a couple of clowns. They say it's not proper tennis. Others have said that the
racket looks like something you could use in the garden, and some have suggested
that we should be looking for water with it.

"I remember, during one match, an opponent's girlfriend was shouting at me from
the side of the court, screaming, 'What the hell is the matter with you? Why
can't you play with a proper racket?' She was obviously angry that her boyfriend
was losing to someone using a racket that had two handles.''

The Las Vegas-based brothers had always imagined that there would be some
opposition to the racket, which was invented by a colourful character called
Lionel Burt, who used to spend his days writing material for television shows
and Hollywood.

"We knew that some people would be against the racket,'' Brian said. "There's a
lot of tradition in tennis. There hasn't been much innovation in racket design,
so this is a radical change. So it's not surprising that some people didn't like
it. But we've tried to be light-hearted about it, not to take offence at the
comments.''

The Battistones began using the racket on the professional tour last season.
They tried it because Brian had a chance meeting a few years ago on a
Californian beachside court with Burt, who believed that two handles were better
than one as it allowed players to make equal use of both sides of their body,
therefore reducing the risk of injury. Burt suggested using a racket with two
handles was a more natural way of playing tennis, hence the name.

Dann, though, was not convinced when he first saw 'The Natural'. "I had my
doubts at the beginning. It looked funny, and I didn't think that I'd be able to
play with it,'' said Dann, who, at 32, is three years older than his brother.

However, he soon found he could do everything he had with a normal racket, and
much more. Dann, who is naturally left-handed, and Brian, a natural
right-hander, believe that they now have greater power, variety and disguise in
their games than they ever had with a conventional racket. They showed that a
couple of months ago when they won a Challenger title in Binghamton, in New York
State, and they are now ranked inside the top 250. They do not believe they are
a novelty act.

The Battistones have become brand ambassadors and racket salesmen; after they
made their first appearance on the ATP Tour, in Newport in July, they sold some
rackets to interested spectators. "One of the reasons we're playing doubles
together on the tour is that we wanted to prove to people that we could play
professionally with the racket,''

said Dann. "At the beginning, we had people telling us that we'd struggle with
the racket.''

They have also had tournament officials asking them whether the racket is
"legal''. On one occasion a tournament director told them 15 minutes before they
were due on court that they could play only if they could convince him that the
racket was within the rules. Luckily, they were able to show him some emailed
correspondence from the International Tennis Federation confirming that 'The
Natural' is not on the banned list.

The Battistones, though, are a long way from conventional. It is not just the
forked racket. There is also the fact that Brian has a volleyball-style jump
serve, leaping into the air to smash his delivery at speeds of up to 139mph. And
they speak to each other in Portuguese on court, as that helps to keep them
fluent in another language.

They are back playing tennis again after going on two-year Mormon missions to
Brazil. "The worst day on a tennis court is much better than what some people
have to experience every day - it's a privilege to be playing tennis,'' Dann
said.

So, if a few fellow players mock your racket, and call you a circus act, does it
really matter?

www.naturaltennis.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Perfect Racquet

                              220 West Main Street
                                Avon,  CT 06001
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (860) 674-1984
FAX: (860) 409-9126
URL: www.perfectracquet.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   www.perfectracquet.com is a tennis specialty shop offering tennis equipment
for sale at competitive prices. Search our online tennis store for high quality
tennis equipment including tennis racquets, tennis shoes, tennis strings, tennis
balls and other tennis accessories. Perfect Racquet carries a large selection of
squash equipment and platform tennis equipment. Perfect Racquet carries tennis
equipment from top of the line manufacturers including Wilson, Head, Babolat,
Prince, Volkl, Boris Becker, Fischer and Yonex. perfectracquet.com offers an
in-store pickup option for nearby customers to purchase tennis equipment from
our online tennis store and pick it up at our store location in Avon, CT with no
shipping fees. Perfect Racquet offers racket services including professional
stringing, weight customization, balance customization, grip build ups, grommet
replacement and other custom racquet services. Tennis, Squash, Platform Tennis
and Badminton specialty shop.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 250,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           November 15, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Back Where He Belongs: Victoria Salmon Kings K.C. Timmons jumped from the bantam
Victoria Racquet Club to the Tri City Americans of the WHL at age 16, and signed
his first pro deal at 19. He's been on the hockey treadmill since, but is only
too happy with his latest stop, Timmons tells TC hockey writer Cleve Dheensaw

BYLINE: Cleve Dheensaw, Times Colonist

SECTION: SPORTS; Cleve Dheensaw; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 694  words


It's only natural the media in Victoria will give more coverage to a recruited
player who comes in to play for, say the UVic Vikes in hoops or Victoria
Shamrocks in lacrosse, than locally produced basketball or lacrosse players who
leave to play elsewhere.

In junior hockey, it's inevitable that Victoria Salsa BCHL players -- no matter
where they are from -- will draw more attention here than someone like Victoria
boy Bryan Bridges of the Seattle Thunderbirds, who last week tied the WHL career
goaltending record for most shutouts at 19.

One of the most interesting things about the Victoria Salmon Kings of the pro
ECHL is that the roster is allowing local hockey fans to catch up with
Victoria-produced players who left the Island as teens to play in the WHL and
who haven't been back since. One of the several who fall into that category is
left-winger K.C. Timmons, 25, whose six-foot-two and 205-pound frame belies a
truly gentle spirit.

"It's really quite young to leave home," says the quiet and introspective
Timmons, of his jump at age 16 from the Victoria Racquet Club to the Tri City
Americans of the WHL.

"I had a great time in Tri City but looking back, I was maybe too young to make
that big a move," add Timmons, who suddenly found himself transferred from
Colquitz school in Victoria to far away Kamiakin in Kennewick, Wash.

But when the hockey treadmill is on the fast switch, there's no jumping off it.

Timmons found that out early. Growing up in the Tillicum area, he starting
playing hockey at Esquimalt's Archie Browning Sports Centre at age 11. And he
was good. Soon he found himself recruited across town to the Racquet Club rep
teams in Gordon Head because "they got all the best players in the city."

The R.C. sure did in getting K.C. And more. Several of Timmons' Racquet Club
teammates were eventually taken in the NHL draft and are now spread all over pro
hockey -- from Matt Pettinger in the NHL to Mark Kosick in Germany to best
friend and Salmon Kings teammate Nate Forster and Sean O'Connor of Las Vegas and
Mike Stutzel of Idaho in the ECHL.

Timmons was selected by the Colorado Avalanche, the 141st player taken in the
1998 draft, and signed his first pro deal at age 19. It was a lot different in
the pros than in junior when Timmons was assigned to the Hershey, Pa., Bears of
the AAA-level AHL in the league one up from the AA-level ECHL.

"The coaches baby you along in junior," he says. "In pro, they don't really care
about you as much. They care about what you do on the ice. There's more of a
family feel in junior. It's completely business-minded in the pros."

After two seasons in the AHL with Hershey, Timmons found himself with the Quad
City Mallards of the UHL, a league considered below the ECHL.

Then it was time to find himself and Timmons took a year-long sabbatical to
Australia with Forster, a Washington Capitals draft pick whose AHL career was
derailed by injuries.

"I think maybe I was mentally too young at Hershey and not ready for it," says
Timmons.

With a year in Oz to clear his head and do what he loves doing best -- playing
guitar on the beach -- it was time to look homeward. With Victoria now having a
pro team, a match was made and local fans are getting re-acquainted with that
starry kid who left for Tri City out of Racquet Club Bantam.

Timmons relies more on grit and corner digging than pure skill and has three
goals in 10 games. He's an honest, hard-working two-way forward you might not
always notice on the ice. But you'll never notice any glaring mistakes, either,
as attested by Timmons' team-leading plus-minus rating of plus-five.

There is only one other Salmon Kings player -- Kootenay Ice WHL-grad Adam Taylor
of Courtenay -- who is within two of plus-five.

Part Coast Salish and part Kwagiulth, Kristinn Charles Timmons is proud of his
aboriginal ancestry and says "it is a big part of how I grew up."

And now he's back where he grew up and says having the most fun he's ever had in
hockey. The only thing better than playing for his hometown team is jamming with
his musical pals in his Uncle Dave's basement. It's funny how the hockey
treadmill can sometimes deposit you back where you started.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: John McKay, Times Colonist; K.C. Timmons takes a rest during
Victoria Salmon Kings practice Monday at Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre.;
Colour Photo: Gary Zearott; Salmon Kings K.C. Timmons has found a home -- again
-- in Victoria.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 06, 2002, Wednesday

Division crowns in USA League are up for grabs

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 789 words



Playoffs begin this weekend in two divisions of the USA League Tennis Senior
Men's Doubles League to determine local champions. Two other division champs
have been named.

Saturday in 4.0, the Renaissance Vinoy will play host to McMullen Tennis Center.
Seminole Lake Tennis Center will visit an East Lake Woodlands team.

In the 3.5 playoffs, the Racquet Club and captain Tom Shevlin entertain East
Lake Woodlands, Feather Sound plays a second Racquet Club squad - captained by
Marshall Craig - and Royal Racquet Club travels to Phil Green Tennis Academy at
Safety Harbor Spa.

"We're delighted to be in the playoffs," Vinoy captain Don Wheeler said. "This
is the first 4.0 team ever fielded at the Vinoy, and we know there will be tough
competition."

Joining Wheeler on the Vinoy squad are Nga Duong, Pat Dines, Dick Graff, Ed
Hamilton, Dave Krebs, Don Mathias and Covington Sharp. Wheeler, Dines, Graff and
Mathias were members of last year's 3.5 senior team that advanced to regionals.

"We were one match away from making it to state," Wheeler said. "This year, we
just wanted to make a decent showing and not embarrass ourselves at the 4.0
level. We're pleased to have made it to the playoffs."

Seminole's squad is comprised of captain Red McGarry, Ron Klieve, John
Leavengood, Leo Leonardi, Bill Simmers, Harold Kligman, John Beda, Maura
Rodriguez, Larry Daum and Tim Kahle.

Seminole was first in the 4.0 South Division, and Vinoy was second. In the
North, McMullen was first and East Lake second.

The round-robin playoff format continues for the 4.0 teams Feb. 16 and Feb. 23.
The squad with the best record will be the division champion.

The Racquet Club advanced two teams to the 3.5 playoffs last season and does
again this year. Shevlin's squad finished first in the South division, as did
Craig's in the Central.

"We had the same record as Feather Sound, but we beat them twice so we ended up
in first place," Shevlin said. "We're pleased with being here in the playoffs."

Newton Rogers and Marty Normile usually defend the No. 1 position for the
Racquet Club, and Gary Elliott and David Farnsworth play at No. 2. Other pairs
include Larry Sewall and Nick Pavonetti and Mack Hicks and Bob Spiegel.

"It took us several matches to figure out our pairing," Shevlin said, "and when
we did, we won four matches in a row."

The Racquet Club's second team is Russ Barlow, Don Campagna, Ray Cianci, Tony
Damouny, Bob Steele, Steven Uebel, Paul Stewart, George Routh, David Laesser and
Ron Whitaker.

Feather Sound, with George Frey the captain, will rely on Lon Caffee, Robert
Dilonardo, Dan Diloreto, George Ditzel, Bob Hicks, Tom Riley, Roger Rogers, John
Byrne, Greg Miller, Bob Shuck, Phillip Sealund and Tom Schultz.

Saturday's three winners advance to the semifinal round Feb. 16. The fourth
squad will be determined by coordinator Seaton Kenworthy, who will draw the name
of one of the first-round losers out of a hat. The final match is scheduled for
Feb. 23.

Determined division winners are Countryside Country Club (3.0) and Phil Green
Tennis Academy (4.5). Winners advance to the state tournament in May.

IT'S FREE: The Suncoast Tennis Foundation, a non-profit volunteer organization
aimed at developing and expanding amateur community tennis, offers a free web
site to area facilities. Visit www.OurTennis.net or call Judy Foster, 725-3681.

NET NOTES: Singles winners in last month's Junior New Year Kickoff at Tampa
Palms Golf and Country Club included Jueun Kim (girls 12-and-under), Alex Fisch
(10), Phillip Barlow (14) and Kwangnu Chaung (18). Kyungsoo Kim (boys 18) and
Justin Fisch (12) won a consolation draw. Christian Yepes was a 16 finalist.

+Scoring victories in the Train Smart Clay Court Championships in Tampa last
weekend were Kara Kucin (girls 10), Barlow (14) andAnthony Barrancotto (10).
Yepes (16) and Ryan Buchanan (18) were consolation draw winners.

COMING UP: Teams are forming for this weekend's Time Warner Mixed Doubles Tennis
Classic in Clearwater. Each squad consists of three mixed teams, including A, B
and C pairs. Call Tom Spencer, (727) 669-8824. The TPA Winter Challenge, for
junior singles, is this weekend in St. Petersburg. Call John Haggar, (727)
527-6553. This weekend is the Royal NTRP Classic at Royal Racquet Club. Call
Donna Szazynski, 791-8415, to enter the skill-level men's and women's singles
and mixed doubles. The Winter Wonders Championships, for juniors, are Feb. 16-18
in Clearwater. Call Tomas Ollestad, 669-1919. Shipwatch Tennis Club is having an
open house to highlight its new clubhouse Feb. 16. A singles exhibition between
Shipwatch head pro Drew Wager and Jeff Chambers, Florida's No. 1 player in
35-and-over, begins at 11 a.m.


LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 9, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TENNIS BALLS GO FLYING IN NEW SCHOOL PROGRAM

BYLINE: By DAVID BIRD

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 745 words


There are new yellow court lines painted on the old asphalt of the schoolyard
behind Junior High School 104 on East 21st Street. Tennis nets are stretched
between bright green poles.

A physical-education class of 25, mostly 12 years old, stood near the nets the
other day getting a grip on the tennis racquets they had just been handed. Many
had never held a racquet before. Some clutched them like baseball bats, some
like hockey sticks.

''Everybody got a racquet?'' asked Dinah Freschet, a physicaleducation teacher.
She looked at a boy who was strumming his and asked, ''You got a banjo, right?''

''Yeah,'' he replied, smiling.

Starting With 12 Courts

The students were beginning their first session in tennis, the newest class in
the New York schools.  The New York Junior Tennis League, a volunteer
organization whose goal is ''to provide free basic instruction for every
child,'' raised money to put up a dozen courts in schoolyards, and it hopes to
raise the number to 1,200. Money has also been raised to provide instructors to
teach the students and teachers.

The instructors are from the United States Tennis Association, the governing
body of the sport in this country.  ''Hi, I'm Larry,'' said Larry Tabak as he
prepared to introduce the game, ''and this is Lew.'' He pointed a racquet toward
his partner, Lew Brewer.

Not Sure What to Expect

''And, of course,'' Mr. Tabak said, ''you all know Alice,'' one of the school's
instructors.  ''Mrs. Fink,'' Alice Fink corrected.  The students lined up on one
side of the nets for their first lesson. Some were not quite sure what to
expect.  ''It's like not everything you see in public schools,'' Michael Poe
said.  ''It's different, at least,'' said Chris White. ''Usually, you're limited
to a couple of sports like basketball and football.'' ''It'll be fun,'' said
Amal Flores. ''I used to live in California, and I played there, but it's too
expensive here.'' ''When I grow up, I want to play basketball,'' Terence Logan
said.

Over the Fence

The instructors faced the students across the net and lobbed balls at them to
hit back.  A few students hit so timidly the balls did not clear the net. One
boy whacked with such enthusiasm that the ball sailed over the schoolyard's
18-foot-high fence and thumped on the hood of a parked car.

''Not too hard,'' Mr. Tabak said. ''There are no home runs in tennis.'' The
students were shown strokes, backhands and forehands. When they tried them out,
the balls went all over the court and outside the court.

''Don't worry where the ball goes,'' Mrs. Fink said. ''Just get the stroke
down.'' Terence Logan began returning balls neatly.  ''Good,'' said Mr. Tabak.
''Not bad,'' said Terence.

'It's Great Therapy'

The instructors did not have to instruct Mrs. Fink.  ''I play four times a
week,'' she said. ''It's great therapy.'' Mrs. Fink said tennis was a great game
for school.  ''Your height and your weight don't matter,'' she said. ''Here,
some of the women are just as good as the men. In basketball, it's only the tall
men who dominate the game.''

Some of Mrs. Fink's children were in special-education classes, with learning
and physical disabilities.  ''We're 'mainstreaning' them with the regular
classes,'' she said, ''and tennis is a good way to integrate them, because
everyone can participate.''

Police Officer Frank Trefeletti watched from the edge of the schoolyard near
First Avenue. He is the youth officer at the 13th Precinct, and he spends a good
deal time at the school.

''It's a good mixture of kids, rich and poor,'' he said, ''They learn to get
along with other people. This is a fabulous chance for poor kids to learn
something that they might only see done at a distance by more well-to-do kids.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Larry Tabak teaching tennis to students (page
A1) photo of Sandra Rodriguez photo of Terence Logan and David Torres

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                             April 2, 2011 Saturday

Local pros team up for Mid-Atlantic title

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 715  words


Jamie Peterson, the tennis director at Chartwell, and Andrew Carlson, the tennis
pro at the Brigade Sports Facility, won the USPTA Mid-Atlantic Doubles
Tournament at the Boar's Head in Charlottesville, Va.

"The match was a tight one,'' Peterson said. ''We beat Carl Clark and Pat
Hanssen in the finals 4-6, 6-2, 10-4. We got down one break after the first game
of the first set and were never able to recover. We were able to break a couple
of times while holding game and won the second fairly convincingly 6-2 and kept
the momentum going into the third set tiebreak and won it 10-4."

Later, at the banquet Peterson was recognized as the Mid-Atlantic USPTA
35-and-Over Player of the Year.

SPRING TUNING: With spring here, the outdoor season is looming. For many
players, it is time to dust off their equipment and stretch their muscles.
Before taking to the courts, it may be a good idea to consider restringing your
racket and checking your shoes.

If the racket has not been stored over the winter in a warm house, then it
probably needs to be restrung. If it has been cared for well, it may be ready to
go.

AATS News: The Annapolis Area Tennis School will hold a workshop for Quick Start
on Wednesday night, 5:30-9 p.m., at the Pip Moyer Recreation Center in
Annapolis. You may have seen USTA advertisements for QuickStart on television
recently. Alicia von Lossburg of the USTA will demonstrate this new program to
tennis teachers, parents and coaches. QiuickStart is designed to introduce
children younger than 10 to tennis. Breaking with tradition, QuickStart
downscales the game for children with smaller rackets, bigger balls, smaller
courts and lower nets. Children quickly learn their strokes and begin to enjoy
themselves. To register, contact Russell Fink by email, russellfink@comcast.net,
or check the web site at www.aatstennis.org.

AACTA News: A large crowd from the Anne Arundel County Tennis Association
enjoyed their second chili party on March 12 at Severn Valley Tennis and Fitness
in Gambrills. There was plenty of tough competition for the best chili, along
with good conversation with players and captains. Meanwhile, Peggy Sange,
Barbara Linke, Eve Helmer and other dedicated players took to the courts for
friendly competition. For information about the biggest tennis club in the area,
check out their web site at www.aacta.com.

USTA Leagues: The spring outdoor leagues are forming in Anne Arundel County by
age and NTRP level. The Super Duper Seniors season runs in March and April,
while the Adult League will run from late April through early July, and the
Super Seniors will run from May through June. To find a team, contact AACTA for
assistance. They will match players with team captains. For information, check
the club's web site at www.aacta.com.

USTA Open Wild Card: For the second year, the U.S. Open National Playoffs will
lead to wild card chances to play in the U.S. Open. There will be qualifying
tournaments in 16 USTA sections around the country with the sectional men's,
women's and mixed doubles' champions advancing to the U.S. Open National Playoff
Championships. The winners of the men's and women's championships will receive a
wild card into the U.S. Open Qualifying Tournament. The mixed doubles champions
will receive a wild card into the main draw at the tournament. The Sectional
Qualifying Tournament will run from May 28-June 3 at the Tennis Center at
College Park.

Tournament News: The Spring Kick-Off Tournament for AACTA members will run from
March 27-April 3 at Truxtun Park. There will be a wide variety of draws for men
and women in singles, doubles, and mixed doubles by NTRP level and age.
Participants can qualify for the National Banana Open Tournament in Hilton Head
in the first week of October. For information check the club web site at
www.aacta.com.

Abigail Moghtader (Arnold) came up just short in the final of the Girls 10
Singles at the 2011 West Winds Junior Indoor Satellite No. 11 L4 on March 21
losing in the tiebreaker 3-6, 6-4, 11-9. Her sister Miriam advanced to the
semifinals where she fell to the eventual champion, (1) Isabelle Ditthavong.

The USTA/MS Men's 45 Indoor Hard Court Championship will be held at the Severn
Valley in Gambrills from March 25-27.

***

Send tennis news to Doug Lamartin at Dlamartin@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

Local pros team up for Mid-Atlantic title

BYLINE: Tennis Doug Lamartin

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B14

LENGTH: 714  words


Jamie Peterson, the tennis director at Chartwell, and Andrew Carlson, the tennis
pro at the Brigade Sports Facility, won the USPTA Mid-Atlantic Doubles
Tournament at the Boar's Head in Charlottesville, Va.

"The match was a tight one," Peterson said. "We beat Carl Clark and Pat Hanssen
in the finals 4-6, 6-2, 10-4. We got down one break after the first game of the
first set and were never able to recover. We were able to break a couple of
times while holding game and won the second fairly convincingly 6-2 and kept the
momentum going into the third set tiebreak and won it 10-4."

Later, at the banquet Peterson was recognized as the Mid-Atlantic USPTA
35-and-Over Player of the Year.

SPRING TUNING: With spring here, the outdoor season is looming. For many
players, it is time to dust off their equipment and stretch their muscles.
Before taking to the courts, it may be a good idea to consider restringing your
racket and checking your shoes.

If the racket has not been stored over the winter in a warm house, then it
probably needs to be restrung. If it has been cared for well, it may be ready to
go.

AATS News: The Annapolis Area Tennis School will hold a workshop for Quick Start
on Wednesday night, 5:30-9 p.m., at the Pip Moyer Recreation Center in
Annapolis. You may have seen USTA advertisements for QuickStart on television
recently. Alicia von Lossburg of the USTA will demonstrate this new program to
tennis teachers, parents and coaches. QiuickStart is designed to introduce
children younger than 10 to tennis. Breaking with tradition, QuickStart
downscales the game for children with smaller rackets, bigger balls, smaller
courts and lower nets. Children quickly learn their strokes and begin to enjoy
themselves. To register, contact Russell Fink by email, russellfink@comcast.net,
or check the web site at www.aatstennis.org.

AACTA News: A large crowd from the Anne Arundel County Tennis Association
enjoyed their second chili party on March 12 at Severn Valley Tennis and Fitness
in Gambrills. There was plenty of tough competition for the best chili, along
with good conversation with players and captains. Meanwhile, Peggy Sange,
Barbara Linke, Eve Helmer and other dedicated players took to the courts for
friendly competition. For information about the biggest tennis club in the area,
check out their web site at www.aacta.com.

USTA Leagues: The spring outdoor leagues are forming in Anne Arundel County by
age and NTRP level. The Super Duper Seniors season runs in March and April,
while the Adult League will run from late April through early July, and the
Super Seniors will run from May through June. To find a team, contact AACTA for
assistance. They will match players with team captains. For information, check
the club's web site at www.aacta.com.

USTA Open Wild Card: For the second year, the U.S. Open National Playoffs will
lead to wild card chances to play in the U.S. Open. There will be qualifying
tournaments in 16 USTA sections around the country with the sectional men's,
women's and mixed doubles' champions advancing to the U.S. Open National Playoff
Championships. The winners of the men's and women's championships will receive a
wild card into the U.S. Open Qualifying Tournament. The mixed doubles champions
will receive a wild card into the main draw at the tournament. The Sectional
Qualifying Tournament will run from May 28-June 3 at the Tennis Center at
College Park.

Tournament News: The Spring Kick-Off Tournament for AACTA members will run from
March 27-April 3 at Truxtun Park. There will be a wide variety of draws for men
and women in singles, doubles, and mixed doubles by NTRP level and age.
Participants can qualify for the National Banana Open Tournament in Hilton Head
in the first week of October. For information check the club web site at
www.aacta.com.

Abigail Moghtader (Arnold) came up just short in the final of the Girls 10
Singles at the 2011 West Winds Junior Indoor Satellite No. 11 L4 on March 21
losing in the tiebreaker 3-6, 6-4, 11-9. Her sister Miriam advanced to the
semifinals where she fell to the eventual champion, (1) Isabelle Ditthavong.

The USTA/MS Men's 45 Indoor Hard Court Championship will be held at the Severn
Valley in Gambrills from March 25-27.

***

Send tennis news to Doug Lamartin at Dlamartin@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            January 5, 2008 Saturday

IT'S NO RACKET, BUT HIS BUSINESS PULLS A LOT OF STRINGS

BYLINE: CHRISTINA K. COSDON, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 590 words


You probably didn't see Vince Chiarelli on TV at the U.S. Open back in August.

He was there, but behind the scenes, working. Chiarelli is among a fairly small
and elite group of technicians who string rackets for the top professional
tennis players at tournaments around the world. He was one of 14 stringers at
the U.S. Open, stringing up to 30 rackets a day.

The 62-year-old Brooklyn native has been a Largo resident since 1960. He and his
wife, Peggi, own and operate String Along with Vince, a full-service tennis
store with clothing, shoes, bags, gifts, tennis rackets and balls.

The heart of the business is the custom racket service that includes stringing,
regripping, repairs, bumper and grommet replacement, cleaning and conditioning.
The shop at 13824 Walsingham Road also features a racket collection that ranges
from 1890s wood to today's graphite.

How long have you been a racket technician?

"I started the business in 1989 at home as a pickup and delivery service,"
Chiarelli said. He worked for 12 years on the space shuttle main engine program
at Honeywell. When the project ended, he and Peggi, who worked in data
processing for GE, decided to start a business.

Can you make a living stringing?

"You can't make a living stringing," he said. "You have to have a retail
business. But it's so competitive with the Internet that it's almost impossible
to have a business without some other supplement. I teach tennis and travel the
world doing this." Chiarelli also writes a monthly column for Florida Tennis
magazine.

Who are some of the pros you have strung for?

Chiarelli named Venus and Serena Williams, Tommy Haas of Germany, Max Myrni of
Belarus (who lives in Bradenton), Roger Federer of Switzerland and Rafael Nadal
of Spain.

What types of string are on the market today?

"There's natural gut made from cattle and some sheep intestines that gives the
player the best feel," he said. "Polyester is very popular and doesn't break as
easily as nylon. Also, polyurethane, which is a very stretchy material made to
approximate the feel of natural gut. Kevlar is the strongest string but is stiff
feeling. Zyex is another synthetic."

If you break a string do you have to restring the entire racket?

"Yes," Chiarelli said. "It's all one string unless you use two strings." Most
rackets are strung in a crisscross horizontal-vertical pattern. Top-ranked
Federeruses main-gut and cross-poly. The Williams sisters, Chiarelli said, use
gut exclusively.

"Gut has a very unusual property," said Peggi Chiarelli. "When the string is
pulled slowly it doesn't stretch much, but when it's hit quickly, it has more
give."

It doesn't last in humidity, is very expensive and is never sold as a durable
string, she said. It costs $70 to string a racket with natural gut, she said,
compared with $18 plus tax for basic nylon.

How many pounds of pressure or tension is commonly used in securing the string
to the racket frame?

The pounds of pressure ranges from 50 to 70 pounds, depending on the racket and
the player's strength, Vince Chiarelli said. Less tension gives a better feel
but less control of the ball. A tightly strung racket gives the player less feel
of the ball but good control.

"But we have players who have strings as low as 12 pounds of pressure on a large
racket," he said.

Christina K. Cosdon can be reached at cosdon@sptimes.com or (727) 445-4154.

IF YOU GO

String Along with Vince

13824 Walsingham Road, Largo - 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesday to Friday; 10 a.m. to 5
p.m. Saturday, noon to 4 p.m. Sunday - (727) 595-7068 - www.string-along.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOSEPH GARNETT JR., Times: Vince Chiarelli has a tennis shop in
Largo, String Along With Vince, that features racket stringing. He strings
rackets for professionals, including the Williams sisters and two of the world's
top men's players, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, at tennis tournaments around
the world.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            May 25, 2016, Wednesday

Kids get served;
Opportunities for children to learn game of tennis this summer

BYLINE: Butch Cooper

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P1E

LENGTH: 646 words


bcooper@cnpapers.com 304-348-4806

Like many parents in the Kanawha Valley, Ginger Miller wants to get kids outside
and play a sport that they can embrace and enjoy.

In this case, that sport is tennis.

"Every kid deserves a chance to play something, Miller said. "I just want
everybody to have an opportunity to play a sport. Tennis is such a great sport
where you can play your entire life.

And tennis is a game Miller says children can pick up whenever they want.

"There's no magic age on when to start playing tennis, she said. "You can start
anytime.

In that regard, there will be a couple of opportunities for kids to pick up a
racquet and learn the game this summer.

Starting June 14, the Charleston Area Tennis Association, the Ohio Valley Tennis
Association and the Midwest/United States Tennis Association will sponsor
Charleston Area Youth Team Tennis.

It will be open to all youth entering grades one through six and will take place
every Tuesday evening through July 26.

According to Miller, who coached tennis at Winfield High School for two years,
no experience is necessary -- not even a racquet. The cost of registration if
$65 and includes a racquet (sized for each child), a shirt and more.

"We're just trying to get tennis built up in the Valley, she said. "Tennis is a
great sport for anybody to play. We're just trying to get the youth involved.

Broken down into two sessions, grades one to three (6 to 7 p.m.) and grades four
to six (7 to 8 p.m.), this event will involve instruction, teaching kids how to
simply read and hit the ball and just learning the game.

"They will learn instruction on the basics of tennis just to get started, Miller
said. "You don't have to have prior knowledge how to play or anything. It's just
to get them into playing tennis.

Those under 10 will play on a half-court and work with a foam ball, larger than
a normal-sized tennis ball.

"It's bigger so they can see the ball coming to them, Miller explained. "They
can also keep a little more control over it.

Miller said that she hopes this will build interest in the game for area youth.

"I hope word catches on and more kids want to come out and play because they had
a great time, she said. "You have to make it fun for them to want to come back
and play. That's our goal.

Also this summer, there will be the Charleston USTA Junior Team Tennis event on
June 11 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., providing a tournament-like atmosphere.

As with Charleston Area Youth Team Tennis, no playing experience is necessary.

"We just want to get some of the kids who don't play in tournaments to be able
to come in and have fun, to play mixed-doubles and singles or regular doubles,
Miller said. "It's a completely different format than it would be just going out
and playing a regular tournament.

It will be broken up into teams of four.

"If they bring a team of four, we'll keep them as a team of four, Miller stated.
"If they have two, we'll put them with two other people.

The cost is $10 per participant, which includes a T-shirt and lunch.

Both events seek to promote social skills and values that help foster
cooperation and unity along with self-growth.

"It's just for them to come out and have fun and meet kids from different areas,
Miller said.

There are many volunteers who not only help organize these events, but teach the
game, as well.

"Everybody who is involved in this great organization are just great people,
Miller said. "They all have the kids at heart. Everybody wants to see the kids
succeed in something.

For Miller, this is her first year running these events after coaching her
daughter, Sydney, at Winfield the past two years.

"It's going to be a learning experience for me, too, Miller said.

All of the events will take place at the Schoenbaum Courts on Venable Avenue in
Kanawha City.

For more information or to register, contact Miller at 304-541-7229 or email her
at gingermiller.cata@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            May 25, 2016, Wednesday

TENNIS FOR KIDS;
Putnam woman helps head up area group teaching game

BYLINE: Butch Cooper

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P7P

LENGTH: 647 words


bcooper@cnpapers.com 304-348-4806

Like many parents in the Kanawha Valley, Ginger Miller wants to get kids outside
and play a sport that they can embrace and enjoy.

In this case, that sport is tennis.

"Every kid deserves a chance to play something, Miller said. "I just want
everybody to have an opportunity to play a sport. Tennis is such a great sport
where you can play your entire life.

And tennis is a game Miller says children can pick up whenever they want.

"There's no magic age on when to start playing tennis, she said. "You can start
anytime.

In that regard, there will be a couple of opportunities for children to pick up
a racquet and learn the game this summer.

Starting June 14, the Charleston Area Tennis Association, the Ohio Valley Tennis
Association and the Midwest/United States Tennis Association will sponsor
Charleston Area Youth Team Tennis.

It will be open to all youth entering grades one through six and will take place
every Tuesday evening through July 26.

According to Miller, who coached tennis at Winfield High School for two years,
no experience is necessary -- not even a racquet. The cost of registration if
$65 and includes a racquet (sized for each child), a shirt and more.

"We're just trying to get tennis built up in the Valley, she said. "Tennis is a
great sport for anybody to play. We're just trying to get the youth involved.

Broken down into two sessions, grades one to three (6 to 7 p.m.) and grades four
to six (7 to 8 p.m.), this event will involve instruction, teaching kids how to
simply read and hit the ball and just learning the game.

"They will learn instruction on the basics of tennis just to get started, Miller
said. "You don't have to have prior knowledge how to play or anything. It's just
to get them into playing tennis.

Those under 10 will play on a half-court and work with a foam ball, larger than
a normal-sized tennis ball.

"It's bigger so they can see the ball coming to them, Miller explained. "They
can also keep a little more control over it.

Miller said that she hopes this will build interest in the game for area youth.

"I hope word catches on and more kids want to come out and play because they had
a great time, she said. "You have to make it fun for them to want to come back
and play. That's our goal.

Also this summer, there will be the Charleston USTA Junior Team Tennis event on
June 11 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., providing a tournament-like atmosphere.

As with Charleston Area Youth Team Tennis, no playing experience is necessary.

"We just want to get some of the kids who don't play in tournaments to be able
to come in and have fun, to play mixed-doubles and singles or regular doubles,
Miller said. "It's a completely different format than it would be just going out
and playing a regular tournament.

It will be broken up into teams of four.

"If they bring a team of four, we'll keep them as a team of four, Miller stated.
"If they have two, we'll put them with two other people.

The cost is $10 per participant, which includes a T-shirt and lunch.

Both events seek to promote social skills and values that help foster
cooperation and unity along with self-growth.

"It's just for them to come out and have fun and meet kids from different areas,
Miller said.

There are many volunteers who not only help organize these events, but teach the
game, as well.

"Everybody who is involved in this great organization are just great people,
Miller said. "They all have the kids at heart. Everybody wants to see the kids
succeed in something.

For Miller, this is her first year running these events after coaching her
daughter, Sydney, at Winfield the past two years.

"It's going to be a learning experience for me, too, Miller said.

All of the events will take place at the Schoenbaum Courts on Venable Avenue in
Kanawha City.

For more information or to register, contact Miller at 304-541-7229 or email her
at gingermiller.cata@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            May 25, 2016, Wednesday

Youth tennis gives kids chance to play

BYLINE: Butch Cooper

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P1K

LENGTH: 647 words


bcooper@cnpapers.com 304-348-4806

Like many parents in the Kanawha Valley, Ginger Miller wants to get kids outside
and play a sport that they can embrace and enjoy.

In this case, that sport is tennis.

"Every kid deserves a chance to play something, Miller said. "I just want
everybody to have an opportunity to play a sport. Tennis is such a great sport
where you can play your entire life.

And tennis is a game Miller says children can pick up whenever they want.

"There's no magic age on when to start playing tennis, she said. "You can start
anytime.

In that regard, there will be a couple of opportunities for children to pick up
a racquet and learn the game this summer.

Starting June 14, the Charleston Area Tennis Association, the Ohio Valley Tennis
Association and the Midwest/United States Tennis Association will sponsor
Charleston Area Youth Team Tennis.

It will be open to all youth entering grades one through six and will take place
every Tuesday evening through July 26.

According to Miller, who coached tennis at Winfield High School for two years,
no experience is necessary -- not even a racquet. The cost of registration if
$65 and includes a racquet (sized for each child), a shirt and more.

"We're just trying to get tennis built up in the Valley, she said. "Tennis is a
great sport for anybody to play. We're just trying to get the youth involved.

Broken down into two sessions, grades one to three (6 to 7 p.m.) and grades four
to six (7 to 8 p.m.), this event will involve instruction, teaching kids how to
simply read and hit the ball and just learning the game.

"They will learn instruction on the basics of tennis just to get started, Miller
said. "You don't have to have prior knowledge how to play or anything. It's just
to get them into playing tennis.

Those under 10 will play on a half-court and work with a foam ball, larger than
a normal-sized tennis ball.

"It's bigger so they can see the ball coming to them, Miller explained. "They
can also keep a little more control over it.

Miller said that she hopes this will build interest in the game for area youth.

"I hope word catches on and more kids want to come out and play because they had
a great time, she said. "You have to make it fun for them to want to come back
and play. That's our goal.

Also this summer, there will be the Charleston USTA Junior Team Tennis event on
June 11 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., providing a tournament-like atmosphere.

As with Charleston Area Youth Team Tennis, no playing experience is necessary.

"We just want to get some of the kids who don't play in tournaments to be able
to come in and have fun, to play mixed-doubles and singles or regular doubles,
Miller said. "It's a completely different format than it would be just going out
and playing a regular tournament.

It will be broken up into teams of four.

"If they bring a team of four, we'll keep them as a team of four, Miller stated.
"If they have two, we'll put them with two other people.

The cost is $10 per participant, which includes a T-shirt and lunch.

Both events seek to promote social skills and values that help foster
cooperation and unity along with self-growth.

"It's just for them to come out and have fun and meet kids from different areas,
Miller said.

There are many volunteers who not only help organize these events, but teach the
game, as well.

"Everybody who is involved in this great organization are just great people,
Miller said. "They all have the kids at heart. Everybody wants to see the kids
succeed in something.

For Miller, this is her first year running these events after coaching her
daughter, Sydney, at Winfield the past two years.

"It's going to be a learning experience for me, too, Miller said.

All of the events will take place at the Schoenbaum Courts on Venable Avenue in
Kanawha City.

For more information or to register, contact Miller at 304-541-7229 or email her
at gingermiller.cata@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            March 31, 2010 Wednesday

Kalman (Kim) W. Prescott, 69

SECTION: DEATHS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 329 words

DATELINE: SOUTHBRIDGE


SOUTHBRIDGE Kalman (Kim) W. Prescott, 69, of Charlton St., died in his home,
Friday, March 12, after a long battle with cancer. He leaves two brothers, David
Prescott, of California, and Donald Prescott, of Massachusetts; his close friend
and business partner, Lee Lyman, and several nieces and nephews.

Mr. Prescott was born on November 10, 1940, in Worcester, the son of the late
Milton and Marjorie (Winn) Prescott, and grew up in the Worcester area. He
graduated from Worcester Academy in 1959. He graduated from Union College in
1963 with a degree in Engineering. He was admitted to the Amos Tuck Graduate
School for business at Dartmouth College, and graduated in 1965. He was employed
as a marketing manager by the AMF Voit Co. in California and the Bauer and Black
Athletic Equipment Co. Mr. Prescott was a co-founder and partner of Lycott
Environmental in Southbridge. He was one of the owners of the Auburn Racquet
Club and also owned The Village Racquet Club in Charlton. In his later years he
was involved with building and selling homes in New Hampshire.

During the 1960's, Mr. Prescott was very involved with athletics. He was a
record holder and world champion trick water skier and was ranked #1 on the East
coast and #3 in the nation. He was a nationally ranked squash player, and also
enjoyed handball and racquetball.

Mr. Prescott enjoyed reading, watching movies, spending time with his friends
and drinking Manhattans. A social gathering in memory of Mr. Prescott will be
held on Saturday, April 3, from 4 to 6 pm at the Sturbridge Host Hotel, Rt. 20,
Sturbridge. Please RSVP to Lee Lyman at

leelyman&#64aol.com if you would like to help us say goodbye to a beloved
relative, colleague or friend.

Memorial contributions may be made to the American Cancer Society, 30 Speen St.,
Framingham, MA 01701. The Belanger-Bullard Funeral Home, 51 Marcy St.,
Southbridge, MA is directing arrangements. An online guestbook is available at

BelangerFuneralHome.com.

ART: PHOTO

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SOUTHBRIDGE Kalman (Kim) W. Prescott, 69, of Charlton St., died in his
home, Friday, March 12, after a long battle with cancer. He leaves two brothers,
David Prescott, of California, and Donald Prescott, of Massachusetts; his close
friend and business partner, Lee Lyman, and several nieces and nephews. Mr.
Prescott was born on November 10, 1940, in Worcester, the son of the late Milton
and Marjorie (Winn) Prescott, and grew up in the Worcester area. He graduated
from Worcester Academy in 1959. He graduated from Union College in 1963 with a
degree in Engineering. He was admitted to the Amos Tuck Graduate School for
business at Dartmouth College, and graduated in 1965. He was employed as a
marketing manager by the AMF Voit Co. in California and the Bauer and Black
Athletic Equipment Co. Mr. Prescott was a co-founder and partner of Lycott
Environmental in Southbridge. He was one of the owners of the Auburn Racquet
Club and also owned The Village Racquet Club in Charlton. In his later years he
was involved with building and selling homes in New Hampshire.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             June 1, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

SWIMMING

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 486 words


Stratford 514,

Knob Hill 125

Stratford Double Winners-Kaitlyn Alvin, Tyler Wright, Montana Moreno,
Christopher Lambert, Markus Vesala.

Knob Hill Double Winners-Jeremy Wright, Carly Garrison, Kevin Gerta, Ashley
Boudreaux, Chris Mershon, Nick Brown, Olivia King, Justin Watson.

Knob Hill Triple Winner-Gabrielle Irizarry.

Augusta Jewish

Community Center 380,

Richmond County

Recreation Department 84

Augusta Jewish Community Center Double Winners-Sidney Szerlip, Daniel Baylor,
Zach Banks, Daniel Budenstein, Emilee Friedman.

Richmond County Triple Winners-Alexandra Taoy, Trey Grant, Jung Nam.

Augusta Jewish Community Center Triple Winners-Kendall Maddox, Leah Davis, Alex
Daitch, Katie Croft, John Richards.

Hammond Hills 430,

Rivershyre 339

Rivershyre Double Winner-Mike Ryan.

Hammond Hills Double Winners-Jenna West, Noah Wilson, Hannah Collins, Jake
Davis.

Rivershyre Triple Winners-Jacob Vaiden, Carly Ray, David Hogue.

Hammond Hills Triple Winners-Carly May, Cass Hooper, J. Coleman, M. Fletcher,
Jess Collins.

Fermata 404,

Petersburg Racquet Club 398

Petersburg Racquet Club Double Winners-Eric Chiu, Casey Crowley, Amber Dunagan,
David Guo, Caroline Preheim.

Femata Double Winners-Carly Rose Dempsey, Casey Izard, George Rabon, David Ray,
Max Serkiz, Anna Tovo.

Petersburg Racquet Club Triple Winners-Laruen Bowling, Meaghan Rauscher, Will
Victor.

Fermata Triple Winners-Lawerence Moore, Maggie Schappell, Kelsey Schettino, Jack
Serkiz.

Farmington 445,

Montclair 334

Farmington Double Winners-M. Shepherd, K. Lafrance, J.C. Shepherd, G. Shepherd,
C. Singleton.

Montclair Double Winners-S. Robinson, A. MOtes, N. Brucker, A. Rheins.

Farmington Triple Winners-J. Andrews, A. Hendry, H. Masiongale, A. Slaughter, C.
Hendry.

Montclair Triple Winners-P. Ristrophe, D. Wicker.

Springlakes 335,

Woodbridge 361

Springlakes Double Winners-Mitchell Petras, Craig Drovin.

Woodbridge Double Winners-Erin Day, Chloe Colburn, Allyson Schuman.

Springlakes Triple Winners-Dillon Keeler, Josh Nichols, Chloe Kirby, Martin
Kata.

Woodbridge Triple Winners-Brennan Day, Rupika Pomachcharige, Ivey Mischel.

Woodside Plantation 363,

Jones Creek 240

Woodside Double Winners-Ali Flanders, Ryan Blane, Josh Barnes, Michelle Koval,
Nicole Breidenbach, Brai Royer, Josh Barnes.

Jones Creek Double Winners-Tej Patel.

Woodside Triple Winners-Julia Nickell, Becca St. Louis, Laura Beth Thomas.

Jones Creek Triple Winners-Jack Bailey, Jimmy Meixiong.

North Augusta CC 395

National Hills 345

Tuesday's meet

Double winners: North Augusta, Kaley Turner, Martin Strauss, Aaron Wallace,
Courtney Turner, Ashley Ellefson. National Hills, Lauren Giles, Meghan Blair,
Dayna Ritch, Brantley Reynolds, Emily Woodward, Elizabeth Hundt.

Triple winners: North Augusta, Haley Gobat, Grant Smith, Stetson Turner, Lindsay
Wallace, Brittany Gobat, Clayton Allmond. National Hills, Joseph Crosby.

Records: North Augusta 1-0, National Hills 0-1.

Next: Woodside Plantation at National Hills, 6 p.m., Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SCOREBOARD

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here's a High-Tech Solution.;
On Tennis

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER CLAREY

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1281 words

DATELINE: MELBOURNE, Australia

ABSTRACT

A sportswriter tried out a smart court at the National Tennis Center in
Australia to evaluate differences in racket and string performance.

FULL TEXT

MELBOURNE, Australia - Frankly, I thought a smart court would look smarter.

I had arrived at the National Tennis Center in Melbourne Park in my tennis togs
for a computer-monitored hitting session at the indoor practice courts during
last month's Australian Open.

My court was the last one in a row, and it looked at first glance like all the
standard courts that preceded it. There were lines, a net and a blue acrylic
surface like those in use at the Open.

Then my guide, Machar Reid of Tennis Australia, began pointing toward the
rafters, to cameras, 11 of them, and a large flat-screen monitor fixed high
above the court. Eight of the cameras were Hawk-Eye cameras, ball-tracking
devices sophisticated enough to be used to check line calls in major
tournaments.

So-called smart courts are proliferating, giving players quick data and video
feedback on their strokes and movement. The goals are to improve coaching and
draw a wired generation to the sport. The company PlaySight recently installed
32 such courts at the vast new United States Tennis Association national campus
at Lake Nona in Orlando, Fla.

But the court used here by Reid and his team has a different purpose. It is
designed to measure minute differences in racket and string performance to give
elite players a more reliable method of comparing equipment.

"In terms of players making multimillion-dollar career decisions and following
their current process for equipment selection, I think it just beggars belief,"
said Reid, who has the title of innovation catalyst at Tennis Australia and a
license to dream big.

Racket manufacturers have begun using technology to help athletes choose their
equipment, but Reid said most players still chose rackets based on "feel" rather
than hard evidence. He says he believes that players can be fooled that way and
that the sport is long overdue for a more analytical approach.

Players under contract with a racket company have limited choices, but even when
they are free of commercial concerns, the process is typically unscientific.

"A lot of times, switches are made when you just pick up a friend's racket and
try it out for fun," said Ryan Harrison, an American player ranked 62nd in the
world.

Reid and Tennis Australia, the country's governing body for the sport, want to
make the process much less serendipitous. To demonstrate their method, Reid
invited me - a 52-year-old former Division III player at Williams College who is
no threat to the pros - to be a guinea pig.

I still play regularly, and the night before our session I had to establish my
goals: more precision and bite on my sliced one-handed backhand; more power on
my forehand and serve.

According to Reid, there are about "200,000 different potential combinations by
the time you take into account all the different characteristics of a racket and
all the different types of characteristics of string."

But with my goals in mind, Reid's team - which has a working agreement with the
manufacturers Babolat, Head, Wilson and Yonex - chose just three racket models.
I got two variations on each of them, so six setups in all with different string
combinations but the same string tensions.

My rackets were in disguise, a standard procedure for Reid's team: The paint on
the frames was blacked out to hide the logos.

"The idea being that you enter here with no bias," Reid said.

The drawback being that anyone who plays the game seriously can recognize, for
example, the distinctive shape of a Babolat frame whether it is blacked out or
not.

"But you won't necessarily know the racket model," Reid said. "Nor will you know
the string setup."

Fair enough. And so, with the cameras rolling, I hit a series of forehand drives
and then a series of backhand slices while Lyndon Krause and Olivia Cant - Ph.D.
students in sports science at Victoria University in Melbourne - recorded and
crunched the numbers courtside on a laptop.

I rallied with Reid, who by the way is quite a rallier. We did the forehands
first: a minimum of 10 with both of us at the baseline, then another series with
him feeding me balls from a position closer to the net. Why the two options?
Because it is easier for a player - or at least this player - to replicate a
stroke off a fed ball.

Keeping up with Reid was only my second-biggest challenge. The toughest was
keeping the often subtle differences among the six rackets clear in my head.

"We don't usually go with six different rackets with the pros," Reid said.
"Their needs are usually very specific."

I took notes, which ranged from the complimentary ("Model No. 2: amazing power
in extension with just a flick") to the crotchety ("Model No. 5: far too much
ping on contact, feels like a trampoline").

By the end, it all got a bit blurry, but I managed to rank my racket preferences
for each stroke and have occasional discussions with Reid as we checked the big
overhead screen for data on net clearance, landing locations and speed.

I then finished off with first serves down the T, starting off strong and then
losing my mojo.

Reid, who did his doctoral thesis on the serve, eventually made a suggestion.

"Like all of us as we age, the toss tends to drift out to the right," he said.

I took note, put the toss straight over my head and - shazam! - my serve went
down the T with power.

"You realize you have affected the integrity of the experiment?" I said.

"I couldn't help myself," he said.

The next day, Reid and his team presented me with a 10-page "performance report"
with lots of charts, mapping things like my accuracy and power. The report said
the best all-around setup for me among the six options would be a Yonex Ezone DR
100 Blue with a polyester-gut string combination. It was similar, as it turned
out, to the Head racket I currently use in terms of specifications.

If I wanted to take my spin and ball speed to the next level, the results
showed, a heavier racket than usual for me, the Babolat AeroPro Drive with
all-polyester strings, would be worth further testing - but only if I
strengthened my upper body to lower the risk of injury.

This sort of clarity was appealing, and preventing injuries, particularly of
upper limbs, is one of the main long-term goals of Tennis Australia's program.
With shoulder and wrist injuries now too common, the sport could use all the
help it can get.

"The technology is not quite there, but it will be in place, I suspect, in a few
years," said Reid, who also thinks Hawk-Eye data from tournaments will allow
players to better understand the injury risks.

"More widespread release of that data will be key," he said. "Just by knowing
how many shots players are hitting and at what speed and so forth, you can,
through sophisticated math, then provide them insight into how much load they've
incurred over three to four weeks compared to their historical data and tell
them when to watch out."

For now, too much of that data remains proprietary, and Reid's smart court and
adjoining workshop - filled with blacked-out frames and high-end measuring
equipment - are best used by pros looking for fine-tuning. Reid said the two
leading Australian women, Samantha Stosur and Daria Gavrilova, had used the
system to test new string combinations.

But if the system can eventually do all that Reid plans, many far better players
than your tennis correspondent are likely to follow, even if data, however
precise, has its limits.

"I think most guys are willing to try it out if there is the opportunity to
improve," Harrison said. "But if the racket doesn't feel good in your hand, then
you don't force it."

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 28, 2016 Sunday

Pickleball is latest racket in town

BYLINE: Anne Constable, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1317 words


Feb. 28--It's the paddle sport with the goofy name: Pickleball.

Oru Bose said he only heard about it recently, and it didn't sound to him like
an adult game.

Larry Burke, a former long-distance runner who took it up almost two years ago,
said he was "reluctant" to try because of that. "I was brought here under
duress," he said. "But after hitting two balls, I was hooked."

That's what tends to happen. And that's the story told by many of the two dozen
or so players, many of them seniors, who showed up at the Genoveva Chavez
Community Center on Friday. They're obsessed.

"You're going to find a bunch of fanatics here," said Lee Goodwin, 55, as he
walked onto the court for a doubles match.

Four doubles games were going on in one of the gyms at the Chavez Center, but
there were still people waiting to rotate in as they ended.

Christine Wantuck, 62, said she started playing about four years ago, lost 20
pounds and now participates in tournaments around the state. And when she
travels, she and her husband look online for places where they can walk in and
play pickleball.

Pickleball provides much of the rush of tennis, she said, and everywhere,
"people are extremely welcoming."

Participants say the game is addictive and easy to pick up, especially if you've
played other racket sports.

It's popular with retirees who find tennis and some other racket sports too
strenuous. The Villages, an active retirement community in Florida, for example,
has 164 outdoor pickleball courts. And people with physical injuries can often
still play the game.

"It's more user-friendly than tennis and a little easier on your body," said
Nancy Shibley, who started playing about a year and a half ago and often makes
the trip from Tierra Amarilla to play with teams in Santa Fe. Earlier this
month, she played in the East-West Tournament in Albuquerque and placed first in
her level in mixed doubles and third in women's doubles.

She said Rio Arriba County is upgrading both indoor and outdoor courts in Tierra
Amarilla.

Victoria Seale said there are 16 to 20 people playing regularly at the Chavez
Center. Seale started two and a half years ago, after a 10-year hiatus from
tennis because of things like her dogs, tae kwon do and horseback riding. But
then she and a friend were looking for Senior Olympics events to try. "We tried
pickleball and loved it," she said.

She now plays three or four times a week.

Bose, 72, a racket sports enthusiast and the architect of the Shellaberger
Tennis Center, heard about pickleball about six months ago when a friend invited
him to try it out. The only "bad thing," he joked, is now "we've got everyone
coming in wanting to play."

Pickleball is popular he said, because "anyone can play this game." And even
when the play is awful, "Everyone is having fun."

Bose said he especially likes it because "I don't have to make too many
arrangements." He just shows up at the Chavez Center, puts on his shoes and
starts playing. Other racket sports, he said, require a lot more planning to
arrange court times and find partners.

One of the best things about pickleball, several players said, is that the game
rewards finesse more than power. Mixed doubles is popular because "women are
competitive with men in this game. That's the beauty of it," Burke said.

Pickleball was invented in 1965 when Washington Congressman Joel Pritchard and
businessman Bill Bell were looking for a way to amuse their families on
Bainbridge Island in Washington state one summer. They improvised a game on an
old badminton court using pingpong paddles and a perforated plastic ball. The
following weekend, with another friend, Barney McCallum, they drew up some
rules, based largely on badminton. In 1967, the first permanent pickleball court
was constructed in the backyard of Pritchard's friend Bob O'Brien.

A corporation was formed in 1972 to protect the creation of the sport, and in
1976 the first tournament was held in Tukwila, Wash. The USA Pickleball
Association was organized in 1984 to advance the sport, and the first rule book
was published that year. By 1990, the sport was played in all 50 states. The
first national tournament was held in Buckeye, Ariz., in 2009.

Today, it is one of America's fastest-growing sports. The USAPA says some 2.5
million people play pickleball -- at private estates, community centers, on
tennis courts, even driveways and parking lots. Although the average age is said
to be 66, according to Burke, young people are now driving the sport and
providing stiff competition at tournaments.

The Albuquerque Pickleball Club has some 300 members, and enthusiasts can play
any day of the week at a variety of locations, such as the Boys & Girls Clubs,
various middle schools, community centers and parks. The city is also planning
to build pickleball courts on some vacant land.

Angel Fire, Belen, Carlsbad, Silver City, Los Alamos, Las Cruces, Tierra
Amarilla and Tijeras all offer pickleball.

In Santa Fe, the place to play is the Chavez Center, which sets up four courts
from 8:30 a.m. until noon Monday, Wednesday and Friday. The drop-in fee is $6
for adults, but it only costs $1 for seniors on Wednesdays.

According to the Parks Division, the city is planning to stripe a basketball
court at the south-side SWAN Park and is considering turning an old roller rink
at Herb Martinez Park into pickleball courts.

Wantuck said it has been difficult to develop the sport in Santa Fe because of a
lack of facilities. Many people want to participate, she said, but pickleball is
only available when many of them are at work. Striping existing tennis courts
would help.

James Rivera, recreation manager for the Chavez Center, confirmed that demand is
growing here -- from locals and those traveling through the city. "They hear
about us, and they're traveling the pickleball circuit," he said.

The center's guestbook includes the names of people from Northampton, Mass.,
Philadelphia and Denver as well as from Pecos, Glorieta and Medanales.

The city is hosting its first tournament in August.

Equipment for the sport is cheap. A four-pack of outdoor balls is about $11.
Rackets, made from wood, aluminum or graphite, range from less than $15 to $105.
An outdoor net costs about $114.

The court is the size of a badminton court, but the net is set much lower, 32
inches in the middle. The ball is put into play with an underhand, sidearm serve
struck below the navel.

Players score only on their serve, and games are normally played to 11 points,
although tournament games may be longer. A team must win by 2 points.

At the end of the game, it is traditional for players to tap the ends of their
paddle handles together with their partners and opponents.

There are many books on how to play, and the Internet has advice on the best
strategies. Players, for example, should focus on just getting the ball in the
court during their serve. A return of serve should fall within a foot of the
baseline. The best third shot could be one down the line, directly into the body
of an opposing player, lobbed over their heads, a low shot to the middle of the
court or a drop shot that lands just over the net on the opponent's backhand
side.

Players can volley the ball after it has bounced once in each team's court. But
volleying is prohibited in a 7-foot zone on both sides of the net known as "the
kitchen."

The game may sound silly, "but once you play, that's all out the window," said
Deborah Wielgusz, who played first in Tucson, Ariz., and fell in love with the
outdoor game. "People are always really friendly," and players display both
"good gamesmanship" and "good sportsmanship."

And "it's not going away," said Karl Cardenas, 55, a veteran Santa Fe player.

Contact Anne Constable at 986-3022 or aconstable@sfnewmexican.com

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160228-SF-Pickleball-is-latest-racket-in-town-0228-20160228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday

QuickStart Tennis brings a new approach to teaching kids the game

BYLINE: Ian St. Clair

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 612 words


With QuickStart, the U.S. Tennis Association hopes to show kids that tennis
isn't scary.

By Ian St. Clair

istclair@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - For the longest time, tennis has practiced a "learn to play" approach
for kids.

When you compare that to baseball - which uses a "play to learn" strategy - no
wonder kids were scared of tennis.

They had to take lesson after lesson after lesson to learn the right way to
play.

Who wants to do that?

Not kids.

Children want to play the game free from constant instruction. To learn on their
own.

Now it appears that tennis has gotten the hint with the QuickStart Tennis
program.

It uses the "play to learn" approach for kids 10 and under with shorter courts
(36 feet long) as well as rackets that are 21 and 23 inches and 4-inch foam
balls.

With QuickStart, the U.S. Tennis Association hopes to once and for all show kids
that tennis isn't scary.

The first winter session here starts this Saturday.

"It has taken us a long time to figure out that we shouldn't be putting a
7-year-old on a 78-foot court with a racket that weighs a ton and a ball that
comes at about Mach 2 for them," said Dave Boon of USTA Wyoming. "It's like us
playing volleyball on a basketball court.

"The court and the rackets that we will use for this are proportional to the

See Tennis, page B4

Continued from B1

kids. Very quickly they start rallying and playing tennis, and they develop
skills and strategies behind it."

All of it begs the question: Why now? Why did it take so long for tennis
instructors to get that the "learn to play" approach doesn't work?

"That's a good question," Boon said. "I think if you look at the top 100 in the
world (rankings) for the men or the women, there's not a lot of U.S. players. We
have a couple in the men's, and a couple in the women's.

"But if you look, you'll see very small countries in Europe that have five, six,
seven, eight players in the top 100 in the world. It's because they have been
doing (QuickStart) in Europe for a long time. We're just now catching onto it."

Added Patrick Swafford, owner of the Joy of Tennis Center: "I think it's because
they wouldn't listen to the pros. It just took us a while here in the states to
get it.

"This has been something that has been used by countries overseas for years, and
I think we're looking at that and saying, 'Maybe they've got a good thing
going.'"

Regardless of how long it took to get QuickStart to the States, it couldn't have
come at a better time for Swafford. The long-time spokesman for tennis in
Cheyenne has tried unsuccessfully the last four years to get kids interested in
the sport.

"I'm excited because it's doing everything that we've always talked about
putting into it," Swafford said. "It's kids playing tennis. They're going to
learn all those nuances while they're playing. I think it's a win-win.

"For me, the capper is taking the kids that won state championships from
Cheyenne, and it puts them on the court with these kids."

Boon and Swafford aren't unrealistic to think kids will eat it up from the
start. They know that you don't take years of kids staying away from tennis and
have it change overnight.

They just hope that schools from across the state will follow the lead of the
Cheyenne Boys and Girls Club and the Wyoming USTA in introducing QuickStart to
their kids.

"I would be tickled pink if we could get 100 kids this winter," Boon said. "We
want kids to see that just because it isn't nice outside doesn't mean that you
can't play tennis.

"Tennis is a sport you can play all year long. We know we have a lot of work in
front of us."

Still, the first step was to change an approach that didn't work. Now they hope
kids come out to see that tennis is fun.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sarah Foster, 6, and Stanley Neary, 6, touch the butts of their rackets
together during the QuickStart Tennis Program on Saturday in the Frontier Park
Exhibition Hall. For more photos from Quickstart, see www.wyomingnews.com/.
AAron Ontiveroz/staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 13, 1990, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

A MULTIMILLION-DOLLAR SUIT AGAINST TWO

BYLINE: a Staff Member Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1307 words


A multimillion-dollar suit against two companies that solicited donations for
children with cancer was filed in Madison County on Monday by Illinois Attorney
General Neil F. Hartigan, who called the operations ''a vicious, lousy, rotten
racket.'' Hartigan said he was seeking more than $8 million and perhaps as much
as $24 million from the National Children's Cancer Society in Edwardsville and
from Telesystems Marketing Inc. of Houston, the telephone-solicitation company
that worked for National.  In a news conference Monday at his regional office in
Granite City, Hartigan charged that the two companies had collected $9 million
in 1988 and last year and had paid only $800,000 to cancer patients and
charities.  Hartigan charged that the donations had been collected through fraud
and that the companies had misrepresented themselves to the public while
soliciting the donations and to Hartigan's office while registering as a
charitable operation.  The suit names the officers of both companies. It
identifies the officers at National as Mark Stolze and his wife, Carol Stolze,
both of the Edwardsville-Troy area, and Mark Stolze's father, Alvin K. Stolze.
The officers of Telesystems were identified as Michael Burns and his wife, Robin
Fisher, of Houston.  Errol Copilevitz of Kansas City, an attorney representing
both National and Telesystems, said, ''We're going to vigorously defend these
people. We're going to ask courts to dismiss these charges.'' Copilevitz said
Hartigan was using the suit to help his bid for the nomination for governor in
next week's Democratic primary election. ''The timing is very suspect,'' he
said.  Copilevitz said Hartigan, in a similar suit, asked a court in Chicago
last year to stop the two companies' fund-raising efforts, but the judge denied
the attorney general's request. Before the Stolzes could ask for the suit to be
dismissed, the judge was appointed to the Illinois Court of Appeals and recused
himself, enabling Hartigan to file the suit in another court, Copilevitz said.
Copilevitz said it wasn't unusual for a new fund-raising organization to
experience high costs in its first year. National's costs had declined by 50
percent in 1989 compared to 1988, he said.  ''There's so much that the AG's
office doesn't understand about the industry,'' he said. ''When the day of
reckoning comes they are going to be hard-pressed to sustain their
allegations.'' Hartigan said he would take the case all the way to the U.S.
Supreme Court to try to shut down the companies. He said a recent decision by
the Supreme Court striking down state laws that set percentages such charity
operations could keep had made pursuing such companies more difficult.  Hartigan
said he would seek to recover all the assets acquired by the companies'
officials with the money collected from donors but not forwarded to charities.
''I want to get the cars, the houses, the boats,'' he said. ''I want to get
every single thing they got out of running a vicious racket like this.''
Hartigan said also that he was asking U.S. Attorney Frederick J. ''Rick'' Hess
in East St. Louis to review the results of the state's investigation to decide
if federal mail-fraud and racketeering charges could be filed.  In the suit,
Hartigan cites a federal law that allows a civil suit in state court to invoke
the federal Racketeering and Continuing Criminal Enterprise law to collect as
much as three times the damages assessed. That could take the $8 million
Hartigan is seeking to $24 million, he said.  The suit filed Monday replaces one
that Hartigan filed in July in Chicago.  ar Hartigan said he had filed the suit
again in Madison County because his office had uncovered evidence since July and
National had moved its office to Edwardsville from Troy.  He said he was seeking
a temporary restraining order closing down the operations and requiring an
immediate accounting of the money collected.  Hartigan said he hoped his request
would get fast action from a judge in Madison County, where the activities he
called improper are centered.  s He said his office had learned that Burns,
listed as owner and president of Telesystems, had illegally and fraudulently
hidden the fact that he had been convicted of embezzling $16,000 from his
employer in New Jersey in 1982.  As a felon, Burns was ineligible to register as
an officer of a fund-raising charity, Hartigan said.  A woman who answered the
telephone at Telesystems on Monday said Burns was no longer associated with the
company. She said the president now was Robin Fisher. The woman referred other
questions to Copilevitz.  Hartigan's suit identifies Fisher as Burns' wife.
Referring to the change in officers, Hartigan said: ''We're not buying that,
either.'' Patti Winter, a receptionist who answered the telephone at National on
Monday, said she had been instructed by the Stolzes to say they had not seen the
new suit and had no comment.  He said the company had formed to help find money
to help children who needed bone marrow transplants because of cancer.  But
Hartigan's suit charges that Telesystems had been paid more than $8.18 million
under its contract with National and that National had spent more than $140,000
on salary and administrative expenses for Mark Stolze.  Hartigan also took the
opportunity Monday to criticize Gov. James R.  Thompson, a Republican, for
vetoing legislation last year that would have regulated such charity funds.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOT of Neil Hartigan ... ''Vicious rotten racket'' 2
Firms Accused Of Phony Soliciting For Child Cancer Victims

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           November 17 1987, Tuesday

Squash Rackets: Americans in switch to softball game

BYLINE: COLIN MCQUILLAN

SECTION: Issue 62928.

LENGTH: 519 words


More and more club players in North America, especially in Canada, are turning
to softball because the hardball circuit is not as lucrative as it used to be;
and the International Squash Rackets Federation (ISRF) and the Men's
International Squash Tournament Council (MISTC), are keen to encourage that
trend to the point where the huge North American sports market, with all its
attendant commercial possibilities, becomes an integral part of the
international.

American scoring and changes to the court markings were ostensibly introduced
experimentally in the United States and Canadian Open championships over the
past fortnight to pursue the ever-attractive prospect of brighter squash from
which the point-per-rally scoring system was borrowed for the international
softball experiments.


It is a faster, less-rhythmic game than that enjoyed by the application of
racket skill than the fitness which has become an essential part of softball.

Hardball players find it difficult to complete in the international game. Only
Gene Turk survived of the five Canadians in Toronto's first round.

Neither Mark Talbot, the top hardball player, nor Kenton Jernigan, the best
American softball player, reached the second round in New York. Yet Pakistanis,
New Zealanders, Australians and occassional Englishmen, have flourished on the
North American hardball circuit.

American professional players cast increasingly envious eyes upon the million
dollar softball circuit now operating around the world.

Internally, there are considerable pressures pushing both Canada and the United
States towards the softball game. Not least, surprisingly enough, the continued
popularity of hard-ball facilities combined with a steady decline in the numbers
playing racketball, a pecularly unsatisfying game involving short-handled
rackets and a huge bouncy ball.

Hardball courts are smaller than softball courts but similar enough to make that
an advantage fo less-fit players, particlarly those of advancing years.
Racketball courts are only 12 inches narrower than softball squash courts but
much longer.

There are perhaps four million racketball players on 10,000 courts in the United
States. Five years ago there were eight or 10 million players. There are just
about half a million squash players using around 3,400 courts of various shape
and character on about 1,300 locations.

Canada officially boasts 1,800 courts in 375 clubs.

At least 3,000 of the American courts are the smaller handball courts. There are
84 hardball doubles courts and perhaps a dozen purpose-built international
softball courts.

Over the past year or so, however, around 150 racketball courts have been
converted for softball

There are probably 15,000 racketball courts in the US, many of them converted
from handball courts 20 years ago

If the enthusiasm with which American and Canadian audiences greeted the
fortnight can be channeled towards moving softball squash into vacuum of the
shrinking racketball game, ISRF and MISTC ambitions in North America could very
soon began to approach fruition.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           October 27, 2005 Thursday

Clearwater shop has been serving area for 20 years

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 932 words


Advantage Yours Tennis, a Clearwater specialty shop, is having a celebration and
inviting local enthusiasts to join the Nov. 5 event from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. at
McMullen Tennis Complex.

Next month marks the 20th year for the mother-daughter owners of the business,
Peg Rogers and Kim Cashman.

That is no small achievement, said Bob Pfaender, territory manager for Wilson
Racquet Sports in Florida.

"It's not easy to make it, especially in our business, as we've seen it evolve
and change," Pfaender said.

"It takes thoroughly serving their customers, involvement in the community,
dedication to tennis and a high level of professionalism," he said. "Advantage
Yours does all that and more."

When Rogers bought the shop in 1985, she was a full-time pharmacist.

Cashman was in her freshman year at Florida Southern College. And her younger
sister, Kathy Marrero, had just graduated from Clearwater High School. Cashman
and Marrero played on Florida's junior circuit and received college
scholarships.

In 1989, after Cashman briefly competed on the satellite-level professional
tour, she became co-owner of Advantage Yours. Betsy Bromley, who specializes in
the latest technology, has been the store manager 13 years.

"We love our customers and want to give back to them for supporting us all those
years," Cashman said. "In general, we've improved each year as more and more
tennis has been played."

The shop has been a longtime supporter of area charity tournaments and often
assists junior players.

Rogers and Cashman have supported the sport in schools and take pride in
donating and refurbishing racquets for use in class instruction.

Last year a "trade-in, trade-up, give-back" program was introduced to benefit
customers, offering $20 toward the purchase of a new racquet if they donated
their old one to the store.

The racquet was repaired and donated to the Suncoast Tennis Foundation, which
arranged delivery to a school or program in need.

"It's a fabulous thing they're doing by not only giving the racquets but seeing
that they stay in good shape," said Linda Kettell, a Largo Tennis Center
teaching professional.

"They recently donated at least 40 racquets to Largo High School and just last
week brought Vicki Wood at Seminole High School more than 20.

"They never say no, and maybe their name should not be Advantage Yours but
Advantage Everyone because so many of us benefit," Kettell said.

During the celebration, vendors from Wilson, Head, Volkl, Babolat, ProKennex and
Prince will show their latest racquet frames.

Area tennis professionals will help with on-court activities, and the Suncoast
Tennis Foundation - Pinellas County's association - will be available with
information on community programs.

"When Kim approached me with the idea, I saw it as an opportunity to get more
people to McMullen so we could showcase our six new hard courts, as well as the
rest of the facility," said Bob Carpenter, Clearwater's athletics supervisor
I/tennis operations.

"We'll be promoting our after-

school and summer programs for kids and adults and offering discounts for some
of the programs for the kids."

Carpenter said the city has arranged for USTA Florida Bobby Curtis Tennis on the
Move, a traveling tennis carnival, to be on hand for juniors.

"Tennis is a great sport for everyone, a wonderful family activity, and we want
to help expose everyone to it," Rogers said.

LEAGUE NEWS: Local teams fell short in this month's USA League Tennis Adult
Mixed Doubles State Championships in Daytona Beach.

Countryside Country Club played to a 1-3 record in its 7.0 flight, and McMullen
was winless in 9.0.

Royal Racquet Club won its 8.0 flight with a 2-1 mark but lost in a semifinal to
eventual champion Gainesville.

Other state winners were Jacksonville (6.0), Fort Myers (7.0) and Gainesville
(9.0).

A local men's team is in Palm Springs, Calif., this week competing in the USA
League Tennis Super Senior 4.0 National Championships.

The squad, based at McMullen and including Pinellas players, is comprised of
captain Ron Massey, Wendall Walker, John Beda, John Rensch, Ed Hamilton, Jeff
McQuinn, Mauro Rodriguez, Chuck Imhoff, Ron Klieve and David Hoffman.

NET SHOTS: Among the winners in last weekend's Haunted Rookie Tournament at
Largo Tennis Center were top seeds Kelly Taylor(girls 12-and-under division),
Jackson Kettell (boys 12) and Michael Rainwater (16).

Other winners included Lauren Jensen (girls 16) and Megan Johnson (14).

Among the runners-up were Yasmin Franco (girls 12), Mary Wynner (14), Mason
Beiler (boys 10), Steven Bruzek (12), Manjot Sodhi(14) and Richard Wilson (16).

Collecting consolation victories were Taylor Kreis (girls 12), Erica Scaglione
(14), Brendan East (boys 12) and Brandon Myers (14).

Rain-delayed finals in the Humane Society Charity Tournament recently were
completed at Royal Racquet Club.

In the women's 4.0 doubles championship, Ria Graham and Nancy Morgan outlasted
Christy Monroe and Turtle Marshal 6-7 (4), 7-5, 6-4.

For the men's 4.0 title, Ron Bedlack and Charles Sleeme defeated Wendall Walker
and John Beda 7-5, 3-6, 7-6 (5).

COMING UP: The 13th annual Frenchy's Gumbo Tennis Classic, to benefit Big
Brothers Big Sisters of Pinellas County, is scheduled for Nov. 11-3 at McMullen
Tennis Complex. Register at Big Brothers Big Sisters (518-8860), McMullen
(669-1919) or Advantage Yours Tennis (442-7923).

News for this column may be faxed to Nancy Morgan, 796-5559; e-mailed to
namorgan46@msn.com, or sent to 710 Court St., Clearwater, FL 33756. Please
include phone number.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

SERIES: TENNIS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Special to the Times; Largo Tennis Center teaching professional
Linda Kettell, Seminole High coach Vicki Wood and Advantage Yours Tennis
co-owner Kim Cashman show racquets the shop is donating to schools for use in
class instruction.

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              June 28, 1993 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Triads in refugee racket - Bolkus

BYLINE: MARGARET EASTERBROOK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 604 words


Chinese triads might make Australia a target for indentured labor rackets using
illegal immigrants, the Immigration Minister, Senator Bolkus, said yesterday.

Defending Australia's entry criteria and refugee policy, Senator Bolkus said
that for months there had been reports of boats off the United States that were
part of indentured labor rackets.

He said that Australia was also a target, with reports in recent days that a
boat that had been coming towards Australia had now turned around and was
heading to the US.

His warning coincided with confirmation that the Australian Federal Police are
investigating what is believed to be a fraud involving false passport
applications by illegal immigrants.

The investigation, under which offenders are being tracked down to be deported,
has so far revealed that forged birth certificates, costing at least $250, were
being used.

The AFP and the Immigration Department have identified susceptible categories,
including people issued with tourist visas that have expired. About 63 of the
300,000 applications examined have been found to be fraudulent.

Senator Bolkus would not say yesterday how the fraud had been detected but said
the problem had been localised and that officers had acted promptly.

"Obviously it is an ongoing consideration for us and one that doesn't just end
with the completion or the partial completion of investigations here," he said.

Speaking on the Nine Network's `Sunday' program, Senator Bolkus said the US was
concerned about the influx of refugees and estimated that it could take 80 years
to clear the backlog of people coming into New York alone.

He said Australia had to be alert to a toughening of America's relatively
lenient immigration policy. He said he believed the US had now put out the
"green lights" that, during the Bush years gave Chinese arrivals a good chance
of being accepted as refugees.

He said the Golden Venture, which ran aground in New York two weeks ago,
contained 300 Chinese men and women who were believed to be part of a triad
indentured labor operation.

Senator Bolkus said on that while the situation in Australia was not as bad as
in the US, "if America was to put a few red lights up", then racket organisers
would look elsewhere. He said the rackets involved "big money" with people
paying up to $30,000 for passage from southern China to the USA.

"You obviously can't pay all of that up front when you book a ticket, so you
find that people are in essence held in sweat-shop conditions," he said.
"They're indentured. They're paid peanut wages. They pay most of that back to
pay off their fare.

Senator Bolkus said that although it was not definite that such rackets would
strike here, Australia could not be complacent.

Senator Bolkus also yesterday reiterated his statement that Cambodian asylum
seekers were partly to blame for being held in detention in Sydney for more than
three years while their applications were processed. He said the group of 48
Cambodians should question the role of their lawyers.

"If it wasn't for delays out of the control of the department, these people
would have been determined by the end of 1991. And had they copped a decision as
others have, then they would be back (in Cambodia)," he said.

Senator Bolkus said Australia's refugee policy did not determine the length of
detention, but ruled that if people were found not to be refugees, they could
not stay.

The Immigration Department is expected to announce today the fate of 38 Chinese
boat people detained in Port Hedland since landing in Western Australia 18
months ago. Eighteen of the original group of 56 have been granted refugee
status.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Senator Bolkus: defending Australia's refugee policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1993 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday
                                  CITY Edition

Brand new racket

BYLINE: RON POWELL, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 671 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Lincoln East's Mannix thriving after she switched from racquetball to tennis

Stephanie Mannix is just a high school freshman, and she's already well into her
second racket sport career.

She was ranked as high as No. 4 nationally in the girls 12-and-under age group
as a racquetball player. But just more than a year ago, Mannix traded z-serves
for kick serves, rollouts for top-spin forehands and ceiling shots for sky lobs.

Mannix seems to be just as lethal swinging a tennis racket. She's compiled a 5-2
record as Lincoln East's No. 1 singles player, including an impressive semifinal
performance in the difficult 14-team Omaha Westside Invitational last week.

"I'm amazed at how fast she's picked it (tennis) up," East coach Marcus Schmidt
said. "Steph's only scratching the surface of what she can do in tennis. She
already has a strong mental game and good footwork from racquetball, and she's
developing all the strokes. She's willing to put the time in and work hard, so
she's just going to keep getting better."

Mannix began moving away from racquetball when her father, Steve, had his third
knee surgery two years ago and gave up the sport. Her older brother, Tyler, was
also a racquetball player, and he took up tennis in the summer of 2006, just
before his senior year. In a matter of weeks, he went from novice to a spot on
the Lincoln High boys varsity team that fall.

"We would go out and hit (tennis) balls, and I got hooked. It was really fun,"
Stephanie Mannix said. "My dad and Tyler didn't play racquetball anymore, so I
switched, too."While both sports require intricate hand-eye coordination, quick
footwork and racket control, that's where the similarities end. Mannix is
learning how to handle the larger frame, hit with topspin and not depend on the
back wall to bail her out on a ball that gets behind her.

You can still see a little racquetball in Mannix's tennis strokes, especially in
her slice forehand, a shot she uses when she gets pulled out wide and can't set
up for the shot.

"The strokes are completely different, that's why it's hard to play both sports
at the same time," said Mannix, who played volleyball on the Spartans' freshman
team last fall. "I don't play racquetball anymore, I'm totally focused on
tennis."

Her father coached the Lincoln Northeast girls tennis team for one season in the
early 1990s, so he was able to get her started. After working with former Woods
Tennis Center pro Scott Broady last year, Mannix is now taking lessons from
Nebraska Tennis Center head pro Jesse Plote.During the high school season, she's
often practiced with the Spartans, then gone to the tennis center for either a
hitting session with her father or a private lesson with Plote. She'll rejoin
the academy drill sessions after tennis season ends.

"What excites me is her passion for the game," Plote said. "You don't often see
the kind of dedication Steph has, and that's why she's quickly closing the gap
on these kids who have a lot more tennis experience. She runs, she lifts
weights, she's doing everything she needs to do to become a better player."

Her first tournament was the Missouri Valley Futures in Lincoln early last
summer. Going against sectional-level talent in her first event was an
eye-opening experience.

"That was really hard, losing my first two matches," Mannix said. "But it just
made me more determined. It showed me I needed to practice more."

At the Westside Invitational, Mannix toppled Omaha Burke's Lindsay Weidman (a
state quarterfinalist last year) in the first round and Grand Island's Kelsie
Olson in the second match. Mannix then fell to a pair of freshmen with long
Missouri Valley backgrounds: Omaha Marian's Brooke Urzendowski (a top-five
player in the Valley's 14-and-under girls division last year) and Millard West's
Alex Schelble.

"Not many coaches knew about her, and they were very surprised," Schmidt said.
"Having her at the No. 1 spot has made our team deeper and more competitive in
the big tournaments."

Reach Ron Powell at 473-7437 or rpowell@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stephanie Mannix of Lincoln East returns a volley during a match
against Lincoln High on Wednesday at Woods Tennis Center. Mannix, who was
nationally ranked in racquetball in the 12-and-under division, is East's No. 1
singles player after switching to tennis. WILLIAM LAUER/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             June 24, 1996, Monday

Adieu to an elegant assassin: Stefan Edberg interview; As Stefan Edberg prepares
to play his last Wimbledon, John Roberts talks to the winner in 1988 and 1990,
someone who has always brought a special style to the lawns of SW19

BYLINE: John Roberts

SECTION: SPORT; Page  S1

LENGTH: 1474 words


There was a delicious moment when an announcer at Madison Square Garden, New
York, hailed the winner of the 1989 Masters thus: "From London, England, Stefan
Edberg!"

Dream on. Edberg may be at ease strolling along Kensington High Street, having
based himself in England at the onset of his professional career some 14 years
ago, but the policeman's son from Vastervik remains as Swedish as Bjorn Borg.

The 30-year-old Edberg is ours only in the sense that great sportsmen belong to
everybody, although there would hardly have been a quibble if the New York MC
had introduced him as Stefan Edberg from Wimbledon.

His style was made for the lawns of the All England Club, his deportment
complementing the ambience of the sport's traditional theatre as impressively as
his strokes. He embraces the so-called power game with a gentle touch, serving
and volleying with elegance.

There is not a trace of brutality in Edberg's play, yet the leading players of
his generation, Connors, McEnroe, Lendl, Becker et al, would endorse the potency
of his first serve and the wicked kick of his second serve.

Edberg's natural gifts, galvanised by a self-belief painstakingly instilled by
his coach, Tony Pickard, from Nottingham, enabled him to win the Wimbledon
singles title twice in three consecutive finals against Boris Becker.

In addition, Edberg has won both the Australian and United States championships
on two occasions and here, in his retirement year, he is about to compete in his
53rd consecutive Grand Slam tournament, a unique record which dates back to
Wimbledon 1983.

Two months before the odyssey began, however, a 17-year-old Edberg had to come
to terms with the loss of a trusted ally. Having advanced to the semi-finals of
the State Express Tennis Classic at Bournemouth with a victory against the
Hungarian Balazs Taroczy, he was summoned to the media interview room.

"I had one good racket, a Wilson Javelin," Edberg recalled. "It was my favourite
racket, and I made the mistake of putting it next to the heater.  It just got so
hot that it melted. I still had rackets, but not as good as that one. Next day I
lost easily to Jose Higueras, 6-1, 6-1."

The experience did not impede Edberg's progress. That year, he went on to become
the only player ever to win a junior Grand Slam. Replacing a racket was not a
problem. His impact on the senior game was delayed by a tendency to signal
despondency to opponents by lowering his head when matches ran against him.

Pickard called the condition "the droops", and helping Edberg cure it was a big
triumph. There is not a finer sight in tennis than a confident Edberg in full
flow. One could imagine him enjoying equal success in the pre-synthetic era,
when wooden rackets might warp or scorch but were not known to melt.

Becker and Edberg dominated Wimbledon in the latter part of the 1980s, the
diffident Swede finally catching the precocious German who had startled the All
England Club by winning the title, unseeded, in 1985 when only 17.

"We had a little bit of a battle going," Edberg said, whose victories in 1988
and 1990 sandwiched Becker's last success, in 1989. "Three finals in a row, and
Boris made a fourth one in 1991, when I lost to Michael Stich in an incredible
semi-final." Stich won, 4-6, 7-6, 7-6, 7-6, without once breaking Edberg's
serve.

"I think the rivalry with Boris has been very good for both of us, because
that's really what's important in tennis. We've been fighting through Wimbledon
and we've been fighting for the No 1 spot and looking at each other's results.
Connors and Borg and McEnroe and Lendl had this thing going, and Boris and I had
it going for a little while."

Probably the most important moment in Edberg's career was his Wimbledon victory
in 1988, 4-6, 7-6, 6-4, 6-2, in a rain-delayed final which began late on Sunday
and was completed on Monday afternoon.

"That was a major breakthrough for me," he said. "I'd won the Australian Open
twice, but winning Wimbledon takes something special. I remember having a great
match with Miloslav Mecir in the semi-finals. I was down two sets to love and
nearly out of the match, and I think winning that match gave me a lot of
determination, a lot of guts going into the final.

"Obviously, the rain delay after playing just a few games on the Sunday was a
bit frustrating. I was hitting the ball beautifully on Sunday and started off
not as good on the Monday. But the change really came in the tie-break in the
second set. From then on I never looked back. I was flowing around the court and
doing the things that I wanted to do. It was a great day."

The loss to Becker in 1989, 6-0, 7-6, 6-4, was Edberg's second disappointment
within a month. He had returned to London from Paris determined to atone for an
agonising five-set defeat by Michael Chang in the French Open final.

"I thought I had a good chance at Wimbledon because I was playing very well
towards the final," Edberg said. "I was lucky to finish my semi-final match
against McEnroe on Friday. Becker had a rain delay and had to come back on
Saturday.

"Maybe a lot of people thought I was going to win that match, but I think he
Becker really picked up speed on that Saturday in his final set against Lendl.
He really took off flying, and I never really had a chance to get into the
match, apart from a little bit in the second set.

"He just blew me off the court that day. I didn't play well, unfortunately, and
I felt pretty bad after the match. It's fine if you play well and you lose, no
problem. But when you don't play up to standard it makes you feel even worse.

"It was a tough year for me, '89, losing two Slam finals and losing another five
finals. It wasn't until I won the Masters, or what's now called the ATP Finals,
that things changed again. Suddenly I won seven tournaments in 1990 and became
No 1."

Having advanced to the Wimbledon final again in 1990, Edberg appeared to be
heading towards a victory even more comfortable than Becker's the previous year.
In the end it went to five sets, and Edberg was relieved to win, 6-2, 6-2, 3-6,
3-6, 6-4.

"I was playing great for two sets, and it was almost looking as easy in the
third set," Edberg said. "But he got the break, and once Boris sees his chance
he takes it. He took over the match completely. He levelled the match and then
had that break in the fifth set before I turned things round.

"It was a good omen. That year I was down 3-1 in the final set of a lot of
matches. Even when I beat Michael Chang in Cincinnati to become No 1 in August ,
I was down 3-1 in the third set."

Pickard sat through it all until they parted amicably at the end of 1994, a rare
British presence in the corner of a Wimbledon champion. He is back there again
for the valedictory performance. "Tony's probably got a lot of satisfaction out
of it as well," Edberg said. "Being a British person, and having played there
before, he really enjoys going to Wimbledon. I think he's handled the pressure
pretty well. I mean, a coach can do so much. In the end it's still up to the
player."

Edberg may have been eliminated in the second round on his last two visits to
SW19 and dropped in the pecking order, but he has lost none of his fascination
for the championships. "There is nothing like being on the Centre Court," he
said. "For me, and most of the other players, too, if you had to pick one of the
four Grand Slams, you would pick Wimbledon.  It's got tradition, it's got
atmosphere, and it's got mystique."

What will he remember most in the years to come? "I think you remember the times
you were sitting in the locker-rooms, around all the other big players, the ones
when you first came on the tour, and walking out on the Centre Court and bowing,
which you only do at one place; little things like that. You sort of will miss
those moments."

He will even miss the All England Club's idiosyncrasies. "I think you have to
laugh about all the rules they have. It's sometimes so strict.  Some of the
rules are almost ridiculous. But that's what makes it."

For example? "Well, I don't want to get into that too much," he said, laughing,
"I'd rather stand aside here. Actually, I think they're right in keeping the
traditions and the rules because if you start loosening it, you won't have that
special feeling."

And will he remember the rain delays? "Yeah, yeah, those have been tough at
times, too. Rain is part of Wimbledon. I've had a four-day match, when I played
Marc Rosset in '91. We were supposed to play at two o'clock on the Monday, and
we finished on Thursday. I was there from early morning till late evening four
days in a row before we completed it. That's the longest match I've played so
far."

For the record, Edberg, the No 1 seed, won, 6-4, 6-4, 6-4.


LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              July 7, 1991 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

NET CLOSES ON BIRD SMUGGLERS

BYLINE: CINDY JONES in Sydney FRANK WALKER in New York and MATT CONDON in London

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1785 words


THE biggest trial ever involving smuggled Australian birds, which ended last
week, has turned the spotlight on the international racket.

Following a tip-off from a bird enthusiast, Nevada police raided a desert ranch
near the gambling mecca of Las Vegas and discovered dozens of Australian birds
in several large cages.

Police said all the birds had been smuggled out of Australia and the ranch was
the centre of a racket specialising in Australian birds.

The smugglers' latest crop of eggs was still unhatched - 209 galahs, six Major
Mitchell cockatoos and a couple of gang-gang cockatoos.

Four Americans were charged over the racket, including ranch owners Paul and
Jeannie Parker.

A jury in Las Vegas last week found the Parkers guilty of 23 out of 24 charges
relating to smuggling, conspiracy, aiding and abetting smuggling and unlawful
sales of wildlife.

They will be sentenced next month and face up to 18 months in jail and fines of
up to $1 million.

The suspected couriers, an Australian and his American girlfriend, are believed
to be still in Australia.

"This is a landmark case for us," said Paul Jewell, chief intelligence liaison
officer of the Australian National Parks and Wildlife Service, who flew to Las
Vegas to give evidence at the trial.

"This gang had been operating for three years. Police found records at the ranch
which showed hundreds of Australian birds have been distributed from there
around the US.

"It is the largest gang we have ever caught and it shows the illegal trade in
Australian birds is rife."

Mr Jewell said the records showed thousands of eggs had been smuggled out of
Australia by couriers and the gang made hundreds of thousands of dollars from
the racket.

"We have come across this particular courier couple before. He was convicted in
Western Australia last year for bird-smuggling but paid a fine of only $2,000.

"If he had been caught on Australia's east coast he would have been hit a lot
harder. We are getting jail sentences of two to three years for bird-smuggling
in NSW."

BIG BUSINESS IN OUR BIRDS

AUSTRALIAN parrots and cockatoos have become the contraband of the 1990s -just
as lucrative as drugs and less risky to smuggle overseas.

Collectors in the United States and Europe will pay smugglers up to $50,000 for
a rare cockatoo in a black market turning over millions of dollars a year

Australian parrots and cockatoos are in big demand overseas because of their
bright colours, amusing mannerisms and ability to mimic human voices.

Birds like the galah, regarded by many Aussie farmers as a pest, are fashionable
pets in the US and Europe because of their striking pink and grey colours.

Birds have been smuggled out of Australia since 1960, when the Federal
Government banned their export, but in recent years the smugglers have become
more organised and their methods more sophisticated.

Australian Customs believe two bird-smuggling syndicates are operating in
Australia. Most of the birds are smuggled to Europe via Bangkok, Thailand.

Alastair Wilson, public affairs officer for Customs, branded the new breed of
bird smugglers as "cowardly drug couriers" who are usually paid $5,000 a trip.

He said most bird smugglers caught and convicted in Australia have been jailed
for about two years - softer penalties than drug-runners receive.

The maximum penalty for bird smuggling is a $100,000 fine or five years in jail.

Just how many birds are smuggled out of Australia each year is difficult to
establish but the mortality rate is a frightening 50 to 90 per cent.

HOW BIRDS ARE SMUGGLED

SMUGGLERS get the parrots and cockatoos in three ways:

* By setting traps in trees in the bush.

* By buying them from bird dealers around Australia.

* By stealing freshly-laid eggs from nests.

Like drug-runners, bird smugglers have devised ingenious ways to take the
parrots and cockatoos overseas.

The conventional method is to drug the birds, tape their feet, wings and beak
and stuff them into tubes which are then packed in suitcases and taken overseas.

This cruel treatment explains the high mortality rate - "the birds' little
hearts just explode with fear," said Alastair Wilson of Customs.

"The birds that do survive the trip probably end up in the corner of some
fashionable air-conditioned apartment in America, where I doubt they survive for
much longer."

The glossy black cockatoo, which sells for up to $US50,000 in the US, is one
bird that won't live long in captivity because it feeds exclusively on the seeds
of Australian casuarina trees.

Customs say smugglers are now taking birds' eggs out of Australia.

In late 1989 Customs arrested two men at Sydney Airport attempting to smuggle
eggs inside makeshift nappies they were wearing to keep the eggs warm

In the US, authorities have caught smugglers trying to bring in whole nests of
eggs from Australia.

"The smugglers put elastic around their chests with little pouches that cockatoo
eggs can fit in," said Jerome Smith, head of the US Fish and Wildlife Service's
investigations branch.

"They put their clothes on top and every so often go to the bathroom to turn the
eggs around so their body keeps them warm.

"If you take 15 eggs of the red-tailed black cockatoo from Australia and get
them to the US, only three or four might hatch. But at the going price $9of,000
each it is well worth your trip.

"Birds from Australia are among the most sought-after because Australia bans the
export of any of its wild birds.

"Many of these smugglers could also smuggle drugs but they choose birds because
it is safer. Customs are on the lookout for drugs and there are fewer agents
searching for smuggled birds."

He said when smugglers were caught they usually claimed the birds had been bred
in captivity.

"But the truth is most of these birds won't breed in captivity, such as the
Major Mitchell cockatoo and the palm cockatoo."

Last year 500,000 wild birds were legally imported to the US but about another
100,000 were smuggled in illegally.

The US is the biggest and most lucrative market in the international bird trade
worth about $5 billion a year.

Asked what chance he had of catching bird smugglers, Mr Smith admitted: "Not too
good."

In London, Steve Broad, investigations officer for the group Traffic
International, said Australian parrots were very popular and fetched high prices
in Britain and Europe, especially Germany, Holland and Belgium.

"Smugglers only need to bring 20 galahs into Britain or Europe and make huge
profits as galahs sell for at least $A5,000 on the black market," he said.

He said that Australian authorities were vigilant in their attempts to prevent
bird-smuggling but authorities in Britain and Europe were not putting enough
resources into the crackdown.

"If the smugglers can get their birds from Australia to New Zealand or Asia,
they can sign affidavits saying they bred them in captivity. It then becomes
legal to ship the birds anywhere in the world."

BUSTING THE SMUGGLERS

DURING the past five years, 10 people have been jailed in the US for smuggling
birds from Australia.

About 20 cases of bird-smuggling from Australia end up in US courts each year
and the fines are usually $10,000 to $20,000.

In Perth last month, an Austrian man was jailed for his part in what Customs
believe was an international bird-smuggling ring based in Bangkok.

The man was arrested in February attempting to smuggle three birds into Perth
International Airport.

Perth District Court was told the man's fee as a courier was a return air fare
to Perth and about $385.

Once in Australia he had been told the person who would be collecting the birds
would exchange them for Australian birds to be taken out of the country

Since the Wildlife Protection (Regulation of Exports and Imports) Act came into
force in Australia in May 1984, there have been 50 prosecutions involving an
estimated value of $2.5 million in flora and fauna. More than a dozen people
have been jailed.

THREAT OF EXTINCTION

THE international bird-smuggling trade threatens to wipe out 77 of the world's
335 parrot species, according to US conservationists. Australia has 53 species
of parrots and cockatoos.

Two bills were introduced in the US Congress recently to ban the import of all
wild birds in the US, following protests from conservation groups.

The US Fish and Wildlife Service estimates 45 species of wild bird have become
endangered because of the smuggling trade.

Conservations in the US hope a ban on the import of all wild birds could be the
first step to a global ban similar to that imposed on ivory in 1989.

THE BANGKOK CONNECTION

FRANK Antram, from World Wide Fund for Nature's Traffic group in Sydney, studies
the legal and illicit world movement of flora and fauna.

"The world's largest syndicates are based in Thailand because authorities there
are particularly slack when it comes to wildlife smuggling," he said.

"We know of at least one ringleader in Bangkok who organises couriers to bring
suitcases with birds into Australia and leave with suitcases full of our birds."

In 1983 Thailand joined Australia and 110 other countries as signatories to the
Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of wild fauna and flora
(CITES).

The international convention was drafted 16 years ago to control the trade in
endangered species and Australia was one of the first to sign up.

"Thailand may have signed CITES but they do not have any domestic legislation to
implement it and Bangkok remains the central part of bird-smuggling," Mr Antram
said.

"We have very little way of knowing just how much of the iceberg is being
uncovered, so no-one could really estimate just how big these operations are.

"Court fines do not act as any deterrent for the smugglers and couriers."

HOW THE PUBLIC CAN HELP

ALASTAIR Wilson, of Australian Customs, believes the public holds the key to
breaking the bird-smuggling syndicates.

A major campaign was launched last year to encourage people to come forward with
information.

Together with NSW and National Parks and Wildlife Organisations, a national
awareness campaign has helped gather information for the year-old Customs Fauna
Task Force.

The 20-strong taskforce was set up to track the activities of smugglers and
their trappings in NSW western districts.

"No law enforcement agency can get close enough - we need community
involvement," Mr Wilson said.

* Anyone with information about illegal trapping of birds and their exportation
can call the Customs Fauna Sydney Hotline on 008 025 691 or the ANPWS
Intelligence Officer on (062) 466001.

WHAT AMERICANS PAY FOR OUR NATIVE BIRDS

Glossy black cockatoo $US50,000

Gang-gang cockatoo $US30,000

Palm cockatoo $US25,000

Major Mitchell cockatoo $US15,000

Long-billed corella $US12,500

Sulphur-crested cockatoo $US12,500

Galah $US2,500

* Source: Customs and National Parks and Wildlife

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Three illus: PRIZED POSSESSION: A Major Mitchell cockatoo will fetch
$15,000 on the US market. CHAMBER OF DEATH: How the smugglers transport their
living cargo. CONTRABAND OF THE '90s: These sulpher-crested cockatoos had to be
put down when smugglers were caught. Table: WHAT AMERICANS PAY FOR OUR NATIVE
BIRDS Source: Customs and National Parks and Wildlife

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 28, 2007 Saturday

Civil Air Patrol gathering

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1b

LENGTH: 542 words


Bismarck Parks and Recreation District is teaming up with USA Tennis in hosting
a free Tennis Block Party on from 1 to 2:30 p.m. Sunday at Capital Racquet and
Fitness Center, 3200 N 10th St.

The Tennis Block Party will feature free tennis instruction and interactive
games in a carnival type setting. Dave Mathews, district sales manager for
Head/Penn, will be the instructor on site.

The Block Party is for people of all ages and all abilities. The tennis racquets
are provided. Those attending should wear comfortable clothes and tennis shoes.

Following the Block Party, the Bismarck-Mandan Tennis Association will host a
round robin tennis event for its members.

For more information, contact Capital Racquet and Fitness Center, at 221-6855.

The Arthritis Foundation is seeking walkers to participate in the Arthritis Walk
on May 5 at Medcenter One Women's Health Center. Registration and a health fair
begin at 9 a.m., and the walk begins at 10 a.m.

Kelly Steckler, of Mandan, is this year's Bismarck-Mandan Arthritis Walk
honoree. The Arthritis Walk raises funds and awareness to fight arthritis, which
affects more than 46 million Americans.

The event features a 2.5-mile course, a health fair and activities for the
entire family. Dogs also are welcome. Participants walk in honor of a friend or
family member with arthritis, while those with arthritis wear blue hats to
signify their action in taking control of their condition.

To participate in the Bismarck Arthritis Walk, to volunteer or to form a team,
visit www.arthritis.org or contact Lisa Metzger at 701-388-1988 or
lmetzger@arthritis.org.

Bismarck police have cited three juveniles with burglary in connection with an
early April break-in at a church.

Lt. Dan Donlin said two 17-year-old Bismarck boys and a 16-year-old Bismarck boy
were cited with Class C felony burglary for alleged involvement with the
burglary at New Song Church, 3200 N. 11th St, which occurred on April 5 or 6.

Property was damaged in the burglary, and two guitars were stolen.

A Bismarck man called police on April 6 to report seeing three juveniles throw a
safe into the Missouri River. Police later linked the safe to the burglary at
New Song Church.

An investigation led officers to the boys who were cited, Donlin said. He said
two guitars, valued at $1,300, were recovered.

Donlin said he does not know if the boys have any connection to the church.

New Song Church was burglarized once about a month before the April break-in.
The first burglary at New Song Community Church occurred between Feb. 27 and
March 2, and about $6,000 worth of recording studio equipment was stolen.

Donlin said police do not have information to connect the three boys to the
first burglary.

"Right now, there's not enough probable cause to make any arrests in the first
burglary,"he said.

- Jenny Michael

The North Dakota Wing of the Civil Air Patrol will hold its annual Wing
Conference today at the Comfort Inn, 1030 E. Interstate Ave, Bismarck.

The conference consists speeches by officials, several break-out sessions and an
awards banquet.

The banquet guest speaker is Maj. Gen. David Sprynczynatyk, the adjutant general
of the North Dakota National Guard. For more information about Civil Air Patrol,
visit www.ndcap.org or call 701-328-8190.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 8, 2017

                                   Head B.V.

                            Prins Bernhardplein 200
                        Amsterdam,  Noord-Holland 1097JB
                                The Netherlands

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +31-205214777

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
HOOVER ID: 102406

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Public

EMPLOYEES:  2,511

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Head makes the gear that gets skiers, tennis players, and divers out in
front. The company manufactures and markets branded sports equipment --
including Penn-branded tennis balls and racquets -- in more than 85 countries.
In a bid to boost its presence in a low-growth sector, the company has expanded
by buying new brands and entering the snowboard market. The company also has
extended its reach through a variety of sportswear licensing agreements. Tennis
great Andre Agassi uses Head racquets. Head was founded in 1950 by Howard Head,
inventor of the first metal ski. The company is controlled by chairman and CEO
Johan Eliasch and his family.Head is an icon in technologically advanced
sporting equipment. To ensure the company maintains its lofty position, Head
continues to develop new products (such as Head KERS skis, Head Youtek racquets,
and Mares Liquid Skin mask) and launch them quickly.

   In a move to cut costs, the company in 2008 began outsourcing to China most
of the tennis-racket production it formerly carried out in Austria and the Czech
Republic. It exited its US tennis ball production in the US, altogether, in
2009. Lower costs prompted the company to move its ski production from Austria
to the Czech Republic in 2009, as well. In addition, Head is outsourcing some of
its diving equipment manufacturing and moving other diving operations to a new
plant in Bulgaria.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Manufacturing Sector
          ·    SPORTING GOODS MANUFACTURING



* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
424990 - Other Miscellaneous Nondurable Goods Merchant Wholesalers
523991 - Trust, Fiduciary, and Custody Activities
SIC CODES:
6733 - Trusts, nec
5199 - Nondurable goods, nec
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Prince Tennis
     ·    Amer Sports
     ·    Burton
     ·    Johnson Outdoors
     ·    Quiksilver
     ·    Aqua Lung America
     ·    adidas
     ·    Reebok
     ·    Tecnica
     ·    Fila USA
     ·    Rossignol
     ·    NIKE


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December, 2014

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2014              2013              2012
Revenue                             $456.3            $493.7            $453.6
Net Income                            $3.5              $7.3              $3.2
Net Profit                            0.8%              1.5%              0.7%

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: (7.6%)
     ·    One Year Income Growth: (52.5%)


                                                       2014
Debt Ratio                                            63.9%
Return on Equity                                     309.0%
Return on Assets                                       0.7%
Cash                                            $39,600,000
Current Ratio                                          2.22
Long-term debt                                 $117,200,000
Shares outstanding                               63,800,000
Market Value                                          111.7

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 63,800,000
STOCK PRICE:
2014 FISCAL YEAR HIGH:  $4.10
2014 FISCAL YEAR LOW:  $2.53
2014 FISCAL YEAR CLOSE:  $1.75
EPS: $0.05
PRICE/EARNINGS HIGH:  84
PRICE/EARNINGS LOW:  52
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE:  $0.02
HISTORICAL STOCK INFORMATION:
                                      2013              2012              2011
Fiscal Year High                     $4.57             $2.79             $1.87
Fiscal Year Low                      $2.76             $1.47             $0.46
Fiscal Year Close                    $2.23             $1.52             $0.90
Price/Earnings High                     55                70                 -
Price/Earnings Low                      33                37                 -
Earnings                             $0.08             $0.04             $0.00
Book Value per Share                 $0.02             $0.02             $0.01

                                      2010              2009              2008
Fiscal Year High                     $1.96             $2.32             $7.40
Fiscal Year Low                      $0.49             $0.40             $0.02
Fiscal Year Close                    $0.54             $0.85             $0.35
Price/Earnings High                     19                 4                 -
Price/Earnings Low                       5                 1                 -
Earnings                             $0.11             $0.57           ($0.37)
Book Value per Share                 $0.01             $0.01             $0.02

                                      2007              2006              2005
Fiscal Year High                     $9.28             $7.85             $6.52
Fiscal Year Low                      $6.66             $5.13             $3.49
Fiscal Year Close                    $3.58             $3.70             $3.15
Price/Earnings High                      -                50                31
Price/Earnings Low                       -                32                16
Earnings                           ($0.46)             $0.16             $0.21
Dividends                            $0.52             $0.53                 -
Book Value per Share                 $0.02             $0.29             $0.26

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 17, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

Marketplace;
Checkbook Bargains

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C5; STYLE PLUS

LENGTH: 619 words


Every month the editors of Washington Consumers' Checkbook report some of the
best prices they have found in surveying more than 400 area retailers.

The retailers have promised to hold these prices -- and offer rain checks if
supply runs out -- until Feb. 28. A partial listing of bargain prices:

Tennis Rackets Prince Graphtec: Widebody graphite racket in mid-size (90) or
oversize (110) -- $ 150 at Drilling Tennis, Washington (737-1100).

Head Graphite Master: Oversize graphite racket -- $ 100 at G.T. Sports,
Rockville (770-6006).

Wilson Profile: Wide-body graphite racket in mid-size (95) or over-size (110) --
$ 200 at Racquet & Jog, Bethesda (986-0558), three District locations (333-8113,
861-6939, 529-6262), Marlow Heights (899-7919) and Landover Hills (322-1203).

Yonex RQ-180: Wide-body mid-size graphite racket -- $ 199 at College Park
Adidas, College Park (779-8833).

Yamaha Secret 04: Wide-body mid-size graphite racket -- $ 179 at College Park
Adidas.

Dishwashers Frigidaire DW-3300D: Built-in dishwasher with three wash levels and
four cycles including pot-scrubbing and no-heat dry cycles -- $ 308 at J.R.
Enright Co., Chevy Chase (654-1700).

General Electric GSD-900G: Built-in dishwasher with three wash levels and four
cycles including pot-scrubbing and no-heat dry cycles -- $ 359 at J.R. Enright
Co.

Magic Chef DU55CA: Built-in dishwasher with two wash levels and three cycles
including no-heat dry cycle -- $ 239 at A & A Appliance, D.C. (723-3315).

Amana DU5000: Built-in dishwasher with three wash levels and four cycles
including pot-scrubbing and no-heat dry cycles -- $ 325 at Alco TV & Appliance,
Alexandria (780-5180) and Fredericksburg (703-373-1797).

Maytag WU-202: Built-in dishwasher with three wash levels and four cycles
including pot-scrubbing and no-heat dry cycles -- $ 349 at all Reliable Home
Appliance locations.

Cordless Telephones Southwestern Bell FF-750: Cordless phone with redial and
tone and pulse dial -- $ 70 at all Reliable Home Appliance locations.

Southwestern Bell FF-1700: Cordless phone with redial, tone and pulse dial,
nine-number memory dialer, two-way voice intercom and manual 10 channel
selection -- $ 140 at Telephone Warehouse, Washington (333-2900) and Alexandria
(548-2998).

Panasonic KX-T3900: Cordless phone with redial, tone and pulse dial, 10-number
memory dialer, two-way voice intercom and automatic 10 channel selection -- $
140 at Telephone Warehouse.

AT&T 5200: Cordless phone with redial, tone and pulse dial and manual two
channel selection -- $ 120 at all Evan's locations.

AT&T 4110: Cordless phone with redial and tone and pulse dial -- $ 70 at all W.
Bell locations.

Compact Disc Players Onkyo DX-1500: CD player with 16 programmable selections --
$ 219 at Graffiti Video, Washington (296-8412 & 244-9643).

Magnavox CDB-486: CD player with six-disc changer, 30 programmable selections
and wireless remote -- $ 227 at Saxitone Audio-Video, D.C. (872-8273),
Alexandria (671-8273), Falls Church (321-8273), Rockville (762-8273) and
Beltsville (595-7400).

Sony C-30: CD player with five-disc carousel changer, 32-track programmable
selections and wireless remote -- $ 299 at Audio Buys, Falls Church (578-3033),
Manassas (968-7513) and Gaithersburg (840-9180).

Toshiba XR-9028: CD player with 16-track programmable selections and wireless
remote -- $ 199 at all Reliable Home Appliance locations.

Teac PD-500M: CD player with six-disc changer, 16-track programmable selections
and wireless remote -- $ 229 at all Evan's locations.

If you feel a retailer has not met its commitments, or if you would like to know
more about Checkbook magazine's "Bargains" survey, call Checkbook at (202)
347-7283.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

BRIEF: Former Olde Forest Racquet Club instructor bids for spot in Winston-Salem
Open

BYLINE: Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 128 words


Aug. 25--WINSTON-SALEM -- Former Olde Forest Racquet Club tennis instructor Wil
Spencer made it to the verge of earning a spot in the main draw for this week's
Winston-Salem Open.

Spencer won two qualifying matches, but he lost in the third round of that
process Sunday. Marco Cecchinato of Italy defeated Spencer 7-5, 6-4.

A day earlier, Spencer defeated Frank Dancevic 6-1, 1-6, 7-6 (3) and then
disposed of Ryan Haviland, a former Stanford player, by 5-7, 6-4, 6-2.

Spencer, a Floridian who attended the University of Georgia, said he had people
from his former club, which is located in Elon, rooting for him in
Winston-Salem.

___ (c)2015 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150825-BT-BRF-Former-Olde-Forest-Racquet
-Club-instructor-bids-for-spot-in-Winston-Salem-Open-0825-20150825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2015 Times-News


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday

Strong, snarling women are so much fun

BYLINE: JOHN DOYLE

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW COLUMN; TELEVISION; Pg. L8

LENGTH: 895 words


jdoyle@globeandmail.com

Attention Downton Abbey fans. Read this darn column to the end in order to gain
vital new information.

In the meantime, you know what's a good show? I'll tell you what's a good show.
Nashville is good show. Loving it right now. Reason why is that it's about
strong, sometimes outrageous women characters. Maybe, just maybe that's what the
fun series are all about now - not just strong but often snarling ladies. Here's
a short list of the good, fun ones.

Nashville

Wednesdays, ABC, 10 p.m.

Battling babes of the country-music racket

Oh, they do make a racket on Nashville, that twangy racket of country music -
some of it outstanding, being in the hands of T Bone Burnett and all - but the
music blends with the high-soapy action. The action is essentially about three
great women - Connie Britton as old-school country star Rayna Jaymes, Hayden
Panettiere as teen country idol Juliette Barnes and Clare Bowen as the unknown,
shy but gifted singer/songwriter Scarlett O'Connor. The core tension is between
Rayna and Juliette, but inside that, Juliette had big troubles with her mom,
can't find a trustworthy guy and has way too many hissy fits. Boy, is she a
brat. The plot careens around, but always returns to the basics of great country
songs - hurtin' women singing about badass men and men singing about women who
hurt them. And that tiny terror Juliette inspires all kinds of hurtin' songs.
Nashville's season finale is on May 22 so catch it now. It looks likely to
return, but you never know - some country songs end with someone dying.

Orphan Black

Saturdays, Space, 9 p.m.

Multi-multi-versions of one sassy young woman

Some say Orphan Black is "important" television because it delves deeply into
variations on one female character. And because it's about cloning. Or it might
be cloning. Whatever, it's enormous fun. The series (recently renewed for a
second season) is the story of orphan Sarah (Tatiana Maslany), who witnesses the
suicide of another woman (Beth) who looked just like her. Sarah assumes her
identity and things get way complicated. There are many other women who also
look exactly like her. What's up with that? Are they somehow related, or the
creation of some dark cloning experiment? What's fabulous fun is the idea of
countless versions of the same woman - she's a strong cop, she's a streetwise
punk, she's a suburban mom, she's a science student. And all these variations
are played by Maslany. There's humour in the scenes where the women are obliged
to pretend they're somebody else, but looking exactly the same. A recent episode
had one version of Sarah grow suspicious of her doofus husband and torture him
with a glue gun. Delicious.

Bates Motel

Monday, A&E, 9 p.m.

The sympathetic, smothering, hysterical mamaIf Orphan Black is about multiple
versions of the same woman, Bates Motel is about one woman only, in all her
rage, love, neuroses and sensuality. The series is an adult horror story
attempting to explain how young Norman Bates became the murderous,
mother-obsessed killer in Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho. Fair idea. But the
astonishing marvel of the series is Vera Farmiga as mama Norma Bates. This bad
mother is simultaneously smothering, nurturing, protective, strong, lonely,
sensuous and murderous. You are actually rooting for her. Even when she stalks
and clearly loathes a young woman who has eyes for Norman. What the show
achieves in the strong-woman category is a hint of camp - you can't believe how
tough and mad this woman is, and then she ups and does something unspeakable.
But you cheer her on.

I Found The Gown

Fridays, TLC, 10 p.m.

Fearsome fashionistas looking for a bargainSurprised to see a bridal reality
show on this list? You shouldn't be. I Found the Gown is terrific entertainment
- women search for a bridal gown with a posse of friends and family. The catch
is that the setting is a bridal bargain store and the point is the fierce
bargain hunter is aiming to get a gorgeous gown at a deeply discounted price.
Some are just on a tight budget. Others are allergic to paying full price. You
haven't seen determination until you've seen a bargain-hunting bride try to
snare a Vera Wang number for a small fraction of the retail price. There are
tears of rage or outright war when a maid of honour declares that even if the
dress is a bargain, it looks tacky. You ain't see strong women shopping until
you've seen this. Oh, there are other bridal shows, with Say Yes to the Dress
being the most famous. But those shows are about joy and maybe adding bling to
the gown. This one is about the war that is gown hunting on a budget.

Finally, that Downton Abbey news. You might be asking, "How long will it last?"
That is, how long will Lady Mary have to be strong, resilient and super-nice at
the same time? Well, it could last six more seasons. Executive producer Gareth
Neame told the New York Daily News recently, "I think it is going to go on for a
while. Right now, the show is still growing in the U.S. and it would be awful to
think of the show ending. I would rather let the show run between four and 10
years, I imagine." Not that Lady Mary is really in the same class as those other
strong women. Heaven's no. Different class. But strong, you will agree. Let's
see her go shopping for a wedding gown over and over. Bring it on.

All times ET. Check local listings.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 23, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BUSINESS PEOPLE;
IN SKIS OR RACQUETS, HE'S MADE A NAME

BYLINE: By Daniel F. Cuff

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 360 words


Howard Head has done it again. He developed the metal ski and in 1969 the AMF
Corporation acquired his Head Ski Company for $16 million. He developed the
oversize tennis racquet and now is selling the company that makes them, Prince
Manufacturing Inc., to Chesebrough-Pond's Inc., for $62 million in Chesebrough
common stock.

Mr. Head, 67 years old, Prince's chairman, owns 60 percent of the privately held
company. He said he would continue as a consultant to Prince, ''sort of a
catalyst for new ideas and finding out what we might be doing wrong and might be
doing better.''

''I had no good relationship with AMF after the takeover,'' Mr.  Head said.
''There was never a useful collaboration between them and me. I'm looking
forward to an entirely different kind of relationship'' with Chesebrough.

He said he was especially interested in working with Ralph E. Ward,
Chesebrough's chairman. ''I admire his boldness and imagination and obvious
confidence in running a very big business,'' he said.

And he was also happy with Kidder, Peabody & Company, which brought Chesebrough
and Prince together after exploring and rejecting several possibilities for
Prince, including going public and acquisition by a private individual or by a
conglomerate.

Mr. Head said it was awesome the way the Prince racquet ''has simply taken over,
devoured the sport.'' The use of Prince-size racquets is approaching 30 percent
in the sport ''and that landslide is moving at a faster and faster rate,'' he
said.

Prince, of Princeton, N.J., has a patent and the only direct domestic
competition is from Wilson, which is its exclusive licensee. Overseas, where
Prince is not protected, ''there is a jungle of Prince-size racquets -20 or 30
of them,'' Mr. Head said. But he said Prince was selling well abroad.

What next for Mr. Head? ''The fact is I had no plans for the skis,'' he said.
''They just happened. After that I had no plans for a tennis racquet. It
happened. I have no plans now, but who knows what will happen?''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Howard Head

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 19, 2015 Sunday

Band of tennis brothers

BYLINE: Nick Jurney, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 852 words


July 19--Early this summer, 64-year-old Ernie Gillingham and 40-year-old Randy
Buck went about assembling a team.

They weren't creating a band of avenging superheroes, but rather a hodgepodge
group of guys who like to get together and play tennis.

The team -- which holds a National Tennis Rating Program rating of 4.5, one
level below the highest amateur division -- based itself out of Pueblo City Park
and joined the USTA/ CTA Intermountain Men's Adult 18-andover league in Southern
Colorado. This ragtag racket squad features 40-something fathers, 60-something
retirees, 20-something college students and everything in between.

They weren't in it just to win it -- all they really wanted was to swing the
racket, have

a few laughs and see how they fared against other teams from Colorado Springs
and the surrounding area. If they didn't win, there would be no boo-hooing.

But as it turned out, they were pretty darn good.

"This was just going to be a for fun team, we didn't really care about trying to
win it all or anything," said Buck, the co-captain. "It just kind of came
together. And here we are, we're winning."

Six teams from Southern Colorado make up the league, and each team consists of
anywhere between 10-15 players. Dual-style matches are played between two teams
once a week, with five contested positions -- No. 1 and No. 2 singles, and No. 1
through No. 3 doubles.

The Pueblo team stormed through league, going undefeated against teams from
Memorial Park in Colorado Springs, the Country Club of Colorado, Colorado
Springs Racquet Club, Monument Hill Country Club and the Club at Flying Horse.

This motley crew now gets an opportunity to play the winners of the other
regions -- including Denver, Northern Colorado and the Western Slope -- in a
round-robin format tournament from July 31Aug. 2, with the winner advancing to
the sectional tournament in Utah.

Surprising? You could say that.

"We played in Hawaiian shirts one week, that's kind of how laid back we are,"
Buck said. "People don't really know how to think of us when we show up. We just
have a good time.

Now we get to play for the whole enchilada; it's been a pleasant surprise."

And while Pueblo has had 4.5 teams in years past, there has never been one quite
like this.

"We used to go up and play on the Colorado Springs teams, but we've had our own
team here for about 15 or 20 years," Buck said. "We just wanted to have
something to rep Pueblo. We've had years where we've done good before; we made
it to districts in 2009 -- (Pueblo Chieftain Managing Editor) Steve Henson was
on that team -- and won the first three rounds before losing in the
championship."

Buck was a prep standout at South High School and eventually became an academic
all-American for Colorado State University-Pueblo in 2002.

Buck's experience with the racket isn't unique to the current Pueblo team.

Ed Vigil, 60, played for the college "way back in the day" and now spends time
with his pals out of City Park when he's not selling real estate.

"I play with a racket that's older than some of the kids in this league," Vigil
joked. "What's good about this team is: We want to win, but we don't die to win.
It's more about the friendships."

Other former college players, including 35-year-old Jason Richardson, also grace
the team with high-level play.

But as any of the self-proclaimed old timers will tell you -- with a surprising
lack of reluctance -- it's the young players who have been the heart and soul of
the squad.

Dakota Burns, a recent graduate and state-qualifying No. 1 singles player at
Central High School, and Joseph Tiller, a student at Clemson University who made
his way to Pueblo via an internship with Trane Commercial Systems, have
successfully manned the two singles spots for most of the season.

"(Dakota) Burns has been great, (Joseph) Tiller kind of fell out of the sky, and
it kind of put us back to that '09 level," Buck said. "The good thing is, nobody
really cares where they play, and we mix them around a lot. When we were looking
for people to play, we wanted them to have that attitude."

Burns, who will continue his competitive career at Hastings College in Nebraska
come fall, said he enjoys the casual nature of the league and the casual mindset
of the team -- both somewhat of a reprieve from the grind of the high school and
college seasons.

"The guys are just awesome, they're always encouraging," Burns said. "We have
little challenges, like who can win the most games or who can win the fastest.
It's just a good team atmosphere."

The gang also gives a lot of credit for the team's success to its captain,
Gillingham, a former Pueblo resident who now makes the trek from Canon City each
week to help organize the team and play doubles.

"Ernie's got to be one of the oldest guys in the whole league," Vigil jests
again. "But really, we have an excellent coach in Ernie. He does an excellent
job of coordinating and including everyone, and everyone really gels."

njurney@chieftain.com

___ (c)2015 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150719-PB-Band-of-tennis-brothers-0719-20150719

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2015 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Top seeds on target at tourney

BYLINE: JIM BROCKMAN Correspondent

SECTION: C; ARCHIVES; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 369 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


SARASOTA

NATIONAL 50s: Defending champ Baxter, Fedderly win

A pair of former champions maintained their mastery over the rest of the field
Thursday at the USTA Ken Wagstaff Memorial Men's 50s National Clay Court
Tournament for players 50 to 54 years old.

Two-time champion Mike Fedderly of Palm Desert, Calif., cruised by Tampa's Terry
O'Grady 6-2, 6-1 to advance to today's quarterfinal round.

Lifelong Sarasota resident Rill Baxter, who won the tournament last year during
his first year of eligibility, waltzed past Alex Pier of Coppell, Texas, 6-1,
6-1.

The annual event is held at the Sarasota Bath and Racquet Club, where Baxter
learned how to play the game as a youngster under the guidance of Ken Wagstaff,
for whom the tournament is named.

Another Sarasota resident, No. 7 seed Erik Luxembourg, remained in the hunt with
a 7-5, 6-1 victory over Selim Benbadis of Tampa.

Fedderly is the tournament's No. 1 seed. "Each match has gotten tougher each
day," Fedderly said. "There are some very good players in this tournament."

A chance to win his third clay title in the 50s has given Fedderly some extra
incentive to reach the finals for the fourth time in five years. He will move up
to the 55-59 bracket next year. The national clay tournament in that age
division is played in Savannah, Ga.

"I'm going to miss playing at the Bath and Racquet Club," Fedderly said.
"Sarasota is a great city."

Baxter is scheduled to play his quarterfinal match today against Dana Landin of
Hilton Head, S.C. Landin defeated No. 5 seed John Saviano of Los Altos Hills,
Calif., 6-4, 6-3 to reach the quarterfinals. Landin is the only unseeded player
still alive in the tournament.

"I'm playing all right, and I feel good," Baxter said. "The question is, am I
good enough? You never really know until you get tested."

On a sour note, Alex Behar of Trophy Club, Texas, suffered what appeared to be a
fractured right collarbone playing in his Round of 16 match Thursday against No.
2 seed Andrew Stoner of Cave Creek, Ariz.

Chasing after a ball, Behar crashed hard on his right shoulder. The early
diagnosis from Benbadis, a Tampa physician also playing in the tournament, was a
fractured collarbone.

Main draw doubles matches resume Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike Fedderly returns a shot to Terry O'Grady in the USTA National
Men's 50s Clay Court Tournament at Sarasota Bath and Racquet Club on Thursday.
STAFF PHOTO / ELAINE LITHERLAND

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

IN BRIEF

SECTION: ; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 395 words


RETAIL

Racquet Point to open first physical location

The owner of the online retailer Racquet Point will open a store next month in
the Fairmont Plaza Shopping Center in Kettering.

Patricia Sanchez-Axline said after six years of doing digital sales of tennis,
squash, racquetball and other racket sports equipment, she decided to open her
first bricks-and-mortar store to capitalize on her brand's growing name
recognition.

"My customers go online and see the products I sell on my website, and I also
sell them on Amazon," she said. "Things have been going so well that we wanted
to offer our products directly to our customers here in Dayton."

Sanchez-Axline has signed a lease to open a 1,440-square-foot store May 1 at the
corner of East Stroop and Marshall roads. For more information, email
toptennisamerica@gmail.com or call (937) 221-8543.

RANDY TUCKER / STAFF

ENTERTAINMENT

Beavercreek Bar Louie throws thank-you bash

Bar Louie at The Greene Town Center in Beavercreek is celebrating its nine-year
anniversary with $2 martinis and discount bar food today. The all-day
celebration will feature eight handcrafted signature martinis for $2 until 9
p.m. as well as $1 burgers and other drink specials, including $1.25 bottles of
domestic beer.

"The great people of Beavercreek have been great patrons, and we wanted to throw
them a bash that they would not soon forget," said Heather Zerkel, Bar Louie's
general manager. "I's a small token to say thank you for the support we've
received over the last nine years."

Bar Louie is open for lunch, happy hour, dinner and late-night dining daily from
11 a.m. to 2 a.m.

For more information about Bar Louie Beavercreek, call (937) 427-3900. RANDY
TUCKER / STAFF

LOCAL MANUFACTURING

Fuyao hosting job fair, needs 150 new workers

Fuyao Glass America in Moraine is holding a "special job fair" from 10 a.m. to 2
p.m. today, according to the Montgomery County office of Ohio Means Jobs.

"They are in need of 150 new employees now," a spokesman for the office said.

Job-seekers should bring with them employment history dates or a résumé to apply
onsite.

Thoseinterestedshouldenterthe plant's east gate off Encrete Lane and park in the
upper parking lot.

Fuyao Glass America will need more than 2,000 employees at its West Stroop Road
auto glass manufacturing plant, company leaders have said. About 1,400 people
work there now. THOMASGNAU/STAFF

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 12, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

JUNIOR TENNIS TOURNEY SET TO GO

BYLINE: By CHARLES FRIEDMAN

SECTION: Section 11; New Jersey; Page 12, Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 752 words


EDGEWATER GOVERNOR BYRNE will be swinging a racquet in support of the annual
Easter Bowl junior tennis championships, which begin tomorrow at the Binghamton
Racquet Club.

The Governor, a fan as well as a player, is eager to get a look at the
nationally ranked young men and women competing in the tournament, the finale of
the indoor season. And he will unleash his feared forehand in a mixed doubles
match.

Many New Jersey youngsters will be competing against the cream of the crop from
the rest of the country in three age divisions - 14, 16 and 18.

''The competition will be fierce,'' said Hy Silverman of the Binghamton club,
the associate tournament director. ''These kids are the stars of tomorrow.

''John McEnroe, Jimmy Connors, Tracy Austin, Andrea Jaeger, Pam Shriver, Gene
and Sandy Mayer and almost every other top American player of today used the
Easter Bowl as a springboard on their way up.''

For Eileen Tell of Aberdeen and Grace Kim of Ridgewood, who are playing in the
14-year-old division, the event is a chance to solidify their high rankings.
Miss Tell already is No. 2 in the country, a cool sharpshooter who won the
national indoor title. Many coaches believe she has the talent to go far as she
matures.

Kathy Federici of Westfield and Mark DeMattheis of Verona are in the 16-year-old
bracket, where the competition is tougher.  Coaches say that this is the age
when a tennis player's career may turn. If one does not show big potential then,
the chances are that he (or she) will be just someone else in the pack, chasing
trophies and later, as a pro, prize money.

The elite class is the 18-year-old division because that is the last year of
junior competition and a youngster should be near his peak. The next jump is
into the men's or women's division, with the goal of becoming good enough to
compete in the United States Open and at Wimbledon.

Lisa Bobby of Clifton and Tom Fontana of Matawan are among those to watch in
this category.  ''Parents with talented youngsters are facing hard decisions
today,'' said Seena Hamilton, founder and director of the tournament. ''There is
big money in tennis, and kids are turning pro at 14 and 15, giving up college.

''As in other sports, only a few are going to make it. So what do you do? Is it
the pro circuit or college?  ''Failure can produce emotional problems in kids
that age. But they have to be aware that the road to the top is full of
potholes. Unless they have the motivation, they're not going to make it.''

Miss Hamilton said that she started the Easter Bowl 14 years ago mainly to give
youngsters in this area an opportunity to see how they could do against
opponents from the rest of the country.

''That's still the main purpose,'' she said, ''but the tournament has grown with
the sport. We had 100 entries the first year; now we have 600.

''It cost $1,000 to run the first one; now we have to get sponsors to meet costs
that may go up to $80,000. This includes renting the courts and helping to pay
travel, hotel and staff expenses.''

What she did not count on, Miss Hamilton added, was having to provide counseling
services to those parents undecided as to whether a tennis future would be good
for their children.

''They are concerned and suspicious as to whom to turn to for advice,'' she
said. ''The way I feel about it, tennis is a game to be enjoyed. If a kid is
good enough to want to take a chance and turn pro, he must treat the game as
seriously as any other career. And that means making many sacrifices.''

In the Binghamton club's viewing gallery every day will be anxious coaches and
relatives. Some players are coming all the way from California.

Miss Hamilton treats them all with affection, since she has been through the
experience with her son. When a match ends, she will congratulate both players.
Then she will put her arm around the loser and say:

''I don't care if you lost. You are a terrific player, so don't get
discouraged.'' What they want most, Miss Hamilton said, are love and support.
Play will start daily at 9 A.M. Olympus Camera of Long Island is the chief
sponsor.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

Open house highlights Belle Terre Swim and Racquet Club

BYLINE: Danielle Anderson, Danielle Anderson Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 434  words


FAMILY FUN

Facts

MORE ONLINE: See more from the Belle Terre Swim and Racquet Club Family Day
event at news-journalonline.com.

Photo Galleries

* Belle Terre Swim and Racquet Club

Spending time together on the weekends is a precious opportunity for many
families and the Belle Terre Swim and Racquet Club was opened earlier this month
to welcome families for a free day of fun.

Doug Courtney, president of the Belle Terre Swim and Racquet Club advisory
committee, said he was happy to showcase the facility to people who may not have
had the chance to visit the expansive club in the past.

"The family day is helping celebrate the coming of summer," said Courtney,
sitting at the picnic table with his wife, Rhonda, to enjoy his funnel cake.

"We have all sorts of families here, from all over the county and their here to
find out all about us," he said.

The outdoor pool, which is heated in the winter, was packed with children and
their parents out to enjoy time together with DJ Kevin Kane broadcasting live,
keeping the mood jubilant while others touring the club browsed the vendors
selling everything from vacation packages to jewelry.

Others took the opportunity to learn more about pickle ball, a game that looks
like a combination of tennis and ping pong out on the tennis courts.

Sylvia Whitehouse, the Florida State Champion Women's Doubles Division 50-54
Pickle Ball player was on hand to teach the curious the game's basics.

"I'm a former tennis player who solely now plays pickle ball," said Whitehouse.
"It's a great sport, all you have to do is show up. You don't have to organize
four people and it's a great workout. You meet great people and it's an
enjoyable sport," she said heading back out to the full court.

Betty and Tad Anthony stepped into the air conditioned community room to relax
on the sofa before taking a dip in the pool.

"We've been touring and seeing the different things they have," said Anthony.
"The exercise rooms to pickle ball courts, we've enjoyed talking to the vendors.
I think this helps get everyone together and it shows the facility is here. It's
a tremendous facility and it would be a shame to lose it."

The club, which was once in danger of closing, is now enjoying a new status and
prosperity as members continue to join.

"All of our fundraising is well up, we are over 400 annual members right now,"
said Courtney. "Our goal for next year is 600 annual members. We have a great
facility and they will be resurfacing our pool in November and getting all sorts
of new things done," he said. "It says we have a very dedicated community who
cares about the things we have."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2016 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2016 News-Journal Corporation


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 20, 1995, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

SPORTS;
TENNIS;
Racquet Club takes USTA title in Florida event

BYLINE: Todd Holcomb; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 6J

LENGTH: 519 words


A mixed doubles team from Racquet Club of the South in Norcross finished first
last week at the USTA Regional Mixed Doubles Team Championships in Pensacola,
Fla.

The team, captained by Michelle Levey, beat out qualifiers from the Southern,
Florida and the Carribean sections of the U.S. Tennis Association to win the
title at 5.0, the highest level of USTA league play.

The Racquet Club had won the League Atlanta city and Southern sectional
championships this year and finished second in the district (state)
championships.

Team members include Tim Whittington, Beth Paladino, Tom Lahey, Michael
Bouchillon and Amy Ingraham.

ALTA CHAMPIONS: Three Gwinnett County teams won Atlanta Lawn Tennis Association
championships in the Business Women's League this fall.

The Racquet Club of the South won the A-2 championship with a 3-1 victory over
Windward Lake of Alpharetta. Winning for RCS were Linda Ryan and Kathy Lewis at
No. 2, Pat Brady and Lorie Booth at No. 3 and Tootie St. Clair and Daphne Hales
at No. 4, who bailed out their No. 1 team of Tina Lewis Greer and Margaret
Nemec, who lost a three-set match. Phyllis Hunter and Jan Weir were RCS's No. 5
team.

A Hudlow Tennis Center team won the B-2 championship. Karen Kelly- Black and
Haydee Lindsey at No. 1, Caycee Casserly and Carol Speer at No. 2 and Saudra
McBurney and Rosie Hillmeyer at No. 3 won their matches in a 3-0 sweep of Fair
Oaks of Marietta. Pat Odum and Vicki Brackett played No. 4 and Judy Chirapornsuk
and Rosemary Kelly No. 5 for Hudlow.

Maple Ridge Swim and Tennis Club was the B-8 champion, coming back from a 2-0
deficit to win at Nos. 3-4-5. Lori Pickett and Sharon Newkam won at No. 3, Vicki
Gresham and Michele McIntyre at No. 4 and Wendy Gill and Karen Pieretti at No.
5. Denise Iacobucci and Missy Parker played No. 1, and Leslie Kunkel and Karen
Iero played No. 2.

OLD SOUTH CLAY COURTS: Brian Redmond of Lilburn and Pat Williams of Snellville
won singles titles at the Old South Racquet Club Clay Court Championships.
Redmond defeated Scott Alexander of Toccoa 6-3, 6-3 in the 30-and-over final,
and Williams beat Larry Brannon of Marietta 2-6, 6-2, 6-1 in the 60 final. Other
winners from Gwinnett were Bruce Mallinick and Tracy Day of Buford (30 doubles)
and Doug Bowie of Lilburn and Bart Szafnick of Atlanta (35 doubles). Other
winners were: Will Ritter of Birmingham (open), Brent Walker of Rome (25),
Richard Catrambone of Decatur (35), Larry Saheim of Peachtree City (40), Ivo
Barbic of Atlanta (50), James Dryden of Marietta (55) and Norman Cromack (65).

BRIEFLY: Chris Nagel of Lawrenceville won the boys 16-and-under singles division
of the Georgia Junior Fall Circuit at North Fulton Tennis Center. Nagel defeated
Dallas George of Tennessee 7-5, 6-4 in the final. . . . Christi Alexander and
Amy Wong of Young Harris College beat Alma Damadzic and Martine Castriollon of
Miami Dade College 6-7, 7-5, 6-3 in the doubles final of the ITA Rolex Tennis
Tournament recently held at DeKalb College. Alexander is a native of
Lawrenceville.

Saturday: Gwinnett's Weekday Women's ALTA champions'

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 20, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

Caps Decide to Go Skating

Len Hochberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 941 words


When National Hockey League Commissioner Gary Bettman delayed the Oct. 1 start
of the season, citing the lack of a labor agreement between management and
players, he said the 26 clubs' practice sites would remain open for the players
to use. The NHL Players' Association said, in effect: No thanks. We'll continue
to stay in shape, but if you don't let us play in games, we will not skate and
we will not use any of your facilities.

Over the weekend, the union reversed its policy on skating. Since then, some
Washington Capitals players have gotten together on their own to skate three
times. Yesterday, 13 were at the Capitals' practice facility, Piney Orchard Ice
Arena, after they themselves paid for use of the rink. However, they did not use
the weight room or their regular locker rooms, in keeping with the NHLPA policy.
All the equipment -- skates, sticks, pads, uniforms, etc. -- was supplied by the
team.

Ten of the players wore their Capitals practice sweaters inside out -- so that
the team insignia barely was visible. "We're just making a statement of where we
are, the way things are going," Joe Reekie said. Joe' Juneau and Rob Pearson
wore theirs the regular way. Don Beaupre, the club's union representative, did
not wear a Capitals sweater. "Take it for what you want," he said. "Right now,
we're the union and we're not the Caps. Then, we'll be the Caps and we'll go on
playing."

When Craig Berube was asked about the reversed sweaters, he said: "I really
don't want to comment on all that. It's a sticky situation and we have to do
what we have to do. I'm not here holding a grudge against the Capitals. I don't
have a problem with them. What I have a problem with is the owners trying to
give us a salary cap. I'm going to play for the Capitals when it's all over."

After the union reversed its skating stand, Beaupre had said that Piney Orchard
"probably will be our last choice" of rinks. Still, it's understandable that it
was chosen, because there are so few rinks in this area.

"In Canada," said Dave Poulin, "there's a rink every third corner. "Dallas is in
the same situation as we are."

But other facilities supplied by the Capitals have been used by some players.

Ever since Bettman's order of Sept. 30, some Capitals still have attended Bowie
Racquet & Fitness Club and Crofton Country Club -- two places at which the team
pays for its players' unlimited use of the services -- team management has
confirmed. Todd Krygier, for one, was at the Bowie club yesterday.

"I haven't been at Bowie so I don't know if anybody's been there or not," said
Beaupre. "And I haven't been at Crofton, so I don't know."

The players "can walk into Bowie racquet club. If they want to charge them, they
can charge them. If they don't want to charge them, that's up to Bowie racquet
club."

Beaupre stressed that the players have paid for use of the Piney Orchard rink
the past three days -- at $ 135 an hour, the regular weekday rate, the
co-manager of the arena said. Capitals management offered to pay, but the
players refused the offer. They, and not the union, pay for the ice time,
Beaupre said, tentatively scheduled for 1 1/2 hours every Monday, Wednesday and
Friday.

"It doesn't really matter where we skate," he said. "We're going to pay for our
own ice and not use the team's facilities," such as the weight and locker rooms.

But what's the difference between the players using the weights for free at
Piney Orchard or at the Bowie club?

Said Beaupre: "That's up to the place where they go to, Bowie racquet club or
Crofton golf club. There are a lot of golf courses around that let us play a
round of golf."

A phone call to Crofton Country Club was not returned. Donna Fox, the general
manager of Bowie Racquet & Fitness Club, declined to discuss the situation other
than to say, "That's privileged information. I won't confirm or deny it."

Phone calls to Bob Goodenow, the NHLPA executive director, and Kelly Miller of
the Capitals, and NHLPA vice president, were not immediately returned.

On Tuesday, Miller said that he felt it was "premature" to skate, because he
didn't believe there would be a collective bargaining agreement anytime soon.

Those who skated yesterday were Beaupre, Berube, Juneau, Krygier, Pearson,
Poulin, Reekie, Peter Bondra, Dale Hunter, Calle Johansson, Dimitri Khristich,
Steve Konowalchuk and Michal Pivonka. All but Pearson -- who recently had the
cast removed from his broken right thumb -- took part in the light scrimmage.

"Basically, it's a time for us to get together and play the game that we love,"
Reekie said. "We're playing to have fun right now, just getting together with
the guys."

There were only a handful of players at Piney Orchard the first two days, so for
some of them, yesterday was the first time on the ice in weeks. And it showed.

Right now, said Berube, "it's fun. ... If we can get enough guys out here all
the time and play some good hockey, then it's fine. But I don't think it's going
to be like that. I think guys are going to do their own thing and go their own
way" as the lockout continues.

"If you get three or four guys coming here to skate, what fun is that? Going up
and down the ice shooting at an empty net. That's what worries me a little bit."

When their informal practice was done, the players changed in the tiny locker
rooms normally used by local leagues; one asked another if he had a towel he
could use; they all made sure to take their laundry, of all places, home.

Yes, it's a long way from the National Hockey League for these NHL players. And
they'll do it all again on Friday morning -- for $ 135 an hour.


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CAPITALS' CENTER JOE' JUNEAU IS ONE OF 13 PLAYERS WHO SKATED AT
TEAM'S PRACTICE FACILITY YESTERDAY. PLAYERS UNION HAD REFUSED OWNERS' OFFER TO
USE TEAMS' RINKS. JOEL RICHARDSON

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

Butte United soccer wins Roseville tournament

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 635 words

ABSTRACT

sports Community Roundup

FULL TEXT


The Butte United boys U16 soccer team won the Rick Hitch Roseville Summer
shootout over the weekend. Butte beat the Granite Bay Warriors 1-0, Roseville
Blazers 4-0, Rocklin Rampage 3-0 and the Granite Bay Rangers 3-1 in the
championship game. Juan Tejeda-Moreno and Alonso Pina led all scoring with three
goals each while Bradley Guymon scored twice and Trevor Silverman and Logan Hall
added one each. A strong defense was led by Jasiel Celis, Spencer Bracamontes,
Gabriel Price, Gerardo Montes Jr. and Fernando Palacios-Ruiz as Butte earned
three shutout victories. Eric Dean led the team in assists while Preston
Belamonte, Cheyanne Carranza, and Pina split time as goalkeepers. New coach
Manny Ortiz coached the team to its first tournament victory in over three
years.

Tennis

Chico Racquet Club goes undefeated >> The Chico Racquet Club Boys 18's Advanced
USTA Junior Tennis Team went 6-0 in the regular season this summer competing in
the Sacramento League, earning a spot in the NorCal Sectional Championships in
Fresno. During sectional's flight play, Chico defeated Gold River Racquet Club
of Sacramento 9-0, then Burgos Tennis Academy of Sausalito 7-2 on Saturday to
qualify for the championship "Final 4" flight.

In the semifinals match, Chico defeated Orinda Country Club 6-3. The team's
undefeated run this summer finally came to an end in the finals, losing 1-8 to
top-seeded Claremont Resort & Spa of Berkeley, coached by former No. 5 player in
the world Wayne Ferreira from South Africa.

The Chico team was led this summer by 2015 Pleasant Valley High graduate Donald
Hall, who went undefeated 10-0 over the course of the regular season and at
sectionals. Sam Gibson, Izik Walsh, and Pete Gibson all went undefeated in
singles during the regular season, with Walsh's and Pete Gibson's only loss
coming in the finals at sectionals.

Sam Hall was 8-2 on the year and Tanner Chapman was 4-1. All six are or were
from Pleasant Valley. Orland's Alexis Lira shared the No. 6 singles spot and
teamed with Hall in the No. 3 doubles to take the fifth and clinching match in
the semi-finals against Orinda to earn to passage to the Final 4. The team was
coached by Jake Hall, head pro at Chico Racquet Club.

Baseball

Chico Baseball Club at Woodland >> The Chico Baseball Club competed in the River
City Travel Ball tournament in Woodland recently. Chico played a pair of games
in pool play, falling to Woodcreek Lobos 8-4 and Brentwood Blast Blue 12-0 in
four innings. Against Woodcreek, Cael Allen went 2 for 2 with a double and two
runs while Joey Van Dusen went 2 for 3. Eli Rainey went 2 for 4 for Chico in the
loss. Chico picked things up in bracket play, beating the Davis Blue Sox 16-0 in
three innings. Jacob Flener threw all three frames and struck out three while
also going 2 for 3 with a double, a triple and five RBIS. Rainey went 2 for 2
with two RBIs and both James Sprotte and Gavin Blum went 2 for 2 with an RBI
each. Chico found itself with a rematch against Brentwood in the semifinal and
played to a tie game early. But Brentwood pulled away and ended up winning 11-6
in five innings. Blum hit a home run and had three RBIs in the game, and Flener
went 2 for 3 with two runs and two stolen bases.

Softball

Chico fastpitch undefeated in Sacramento >> A pair of Chico fastpitch softball
teams recently competed in the Midnight Mayhem in Sacramento. Both the Chico A's
16U and Chico Hot Shots 12U went 5-0 to win their respective championships.

Items for inclusion in the community sports roundup must be typed and turned in
by 5 p.m. on the Monday following the event. Please include first and last
names, scores, and/or times. Fax results to 342-3617 or email them to
sports@chicoer.com No phone calls, late submissions or hand-written items will
be accepted.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Family's court

BYLINE: Matt Wagner, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 977 words


June 27--Conneaut's Adam Laitinen can thank his father for turning him onto the
sport of tennis.

Don Laitinen played the sport himself at Conneaut High School under then coach
Tom Ritari, and he continues to play to this day. Adam, meanwhile, wanted to
pick up a baseball bat instead of a tennis racket early in his life.

That changed for the junior Spartan during a family vacation to Myrtle Beach,
South Carolina, as he was growing up. Adam finally picked up a racket and put
down the baseball bat for good.

"My dad's the biggest influence I have," Adam said. "He used to get me to hit
every once in a while, but I was always big in(to) baseball. He got a racket in
my hand in a family vacation and I've loved it since."

It has proven to be a smart move for Adam Laitinen, as he was named the
Ashtabula County Player of the Year in boys tennis for the 2016 season. The
Conneaut ace went 12-1 overall this year and could have had a couple of more
wins if not for weather getting in the way before and mid-match.

A district qualifier his sophomore season, Laitinen defeated all the top tennis
players in the county at some point this season, whether it was St. John's Tony
Massucci (a three-set thriller that involved the need of a tiebreaker) or
Geneva's Nathan Palinkas twice. Laitinen also led Jefferson's Emery Buchan 6-1,
6-5, in the first match of the season when rain kept the match from finishing.

It took until the Division II Hawken sectional quarterfinals before Laitinen
lost his first match of the season.

This was the type of dominance Conneaut coach Dave Simpson hadn't experienced
much in his 26 years of coaching.

"He had an outstanding year as a No. 1 in Ashtabula County," Simpson said. "He
did dominate Ashtabula County for everybody that he played. He only lost in the
round which would have put him into districts."

Although the Spartans had at least 20 matches scheduled at the beginning of the
season and entered the Northeast Ohio Tennis Association league that consisted
of five teams this year, they only managed to play in 10 matches, as many teams
had to cancel to make up their league matches.

That made the matches in which he did play even more special. He picked up a win
over Notre Dame-Cathedral Latin No. 1 player Mark Beebe, who advanced to the
state tournament in doubles.

Laitinen also won the first-ever Ashtabula Boys Tennis Invitational at Nassief
Courts in the No. 1 singles bracket. He defeated Lakeside's Clark Heath, 6-3,
6-3, and Palinkas in the finals, 6-2, 6-1. The final match was a complete
turnaround from when the Palinkas and Laitinen met earlier in the season, where
the Spartan needed three sets to beat the young Eagle.

For Laitinen, though, it was more about getting the chance to play against some
familiar faces that he enjoyed the most.

"That tournament was awesome," Laitinen said. "Nassief had set it together, and
it was just great to actually be able to play against kids you knew instead of
kids from all over the state. It was great to actually see the faces and see the
coaches and be able to compete against people you played before."

For all the success he experienced in the regular season, it all came to a halt
in the sectional tournament when he ran into Hawken's Sauren Khosla, whom Hawken
tried to get seeded before the tournament but failed, in the quarterfinal round
with a spot in districts on the line.

With the match being played a day after the first round of matches because
Khosla had played three matches and a tournament regulations states a player can
participate in more than that in one day, the duo returned to court and had what
Simpson called "a bad day." Laitinen lost in straight sets, 7-5, 6-2.

Laitinen said he was disappointed in the results, explaining that he struggled
with his backhand in the match. He also described how it was a completely
different situation from in 2015, when he entered the tournament without a seed
and marched his way to the district tournament as a sophomore.

"Last year, I didn't have a seed or anything like that, so I got to play with
nothing to lose," Laitinen said. "And this year, I was seeded and I felt like I
was expected to win some matches. So, I was just trying not to screw up instead
of playing to win."

Despite the loss, Simpson said he showed his typical composure during and after
the match -- so much so that the Hawken coach left the courts where he still had
three other matches going on in order to tell Simpson how impressed he was with
Laitinen's play and attitude.

This wasn't a surprise for Simpson, who compared Laitinen's attitude to one of
the best tennis players ever.

"I know this is stretching it to compare a high school kid to a premier player,
but he's kind of got the temperament of a Roger Federer," Simpson said. "He's
usually very calm. Does he get excited? Absolutely. You can see him out there
give a little fist pump or something, but he doesn't embarrass another player."

Still, Laitinen said he knows he's got plenty upon which to work over the
offseason heading into his senior year, where he will look to reach the same
heights and perhaps go further than in his sophomore campaign. He emphasized the
need to work on his backhand, especially after the sectional quarterfinal loss.

He won't need to look too far for help, too. His father will be willing to give
him pointers as he has all his life, and he will have the perfect hitting
partner in his younger brother, Ryan. Adam said he expects Ryan, who played
varsity as a freshman this spring, to be quite the player next year as well.

"It's good support," Adam said of Ryan. "I like to have him around. I mean, he's
young and he's starting to play more and more. So, I kind of expect good things
out of him, too."

___ (c)2016 the Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio) Visit the Star Beacon (Ashtabula,
Ohio) at www.starbeacon.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160627-OB-Family-s-court-0627-20160627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                           Copyright 2016 Star Beacon


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

Ole Porte Racquet Club honored

BYLINE: Chris Miller, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 384 words


Jan. 18--Tennis director Jim Sheehan shares the same goal as other employees and
members of the Ole Porte Racquet Club, which is to help the complex grow.

The club, which is at 535 White Oak Crossing in Swansboro and has 75 members,
has worked to turn itself into a 5-star tennis facility since it was purchased
by Ronnie Watson in the fall of 2011, according to its website
oleporteracquetclub.com.

"The next step is to really grow the membership to give people an opportunity to
belong to an award-winning, state-of-the-art facility," Sheehan said. "We are in
the process of trying to implement programs to try to do that. Getting the word
out that we are here is still one of the (issues), but we are going to still
keep tooting our horn because we have a great facility to offer somebody."

Apparently the North Carolina Tennis Association believes that, too.

The NCTA awarded Ole Porte Racquet Club as its facility of the year on Monday.

Ole Porte Racquet Club, which previously was called White Oak Tennis Club before
Watson bought it, opened in 1994.

"It's a huge accomplishment and it shows the tremendous amount of commitment
that Ronnie Watson has put into the club financially," Sheehan said. "When he
decided to buy it, the upgrades of the facilities have been absolutely
incredible."

Sheehan elaborated on what makes the club something "people can be proud of."

"I think the physical structure and the way the courts are laid out," he said.
"It's the way it's landscaped and just the aesthetic beauty of the place. We
have six of the finest clay courts in North Carolina and four of them are lit.
We have an absolutely beautiful clubhouse with spotless bathrooms and a fully
stocked pro shop."

But Sheehan said the club still has room to grow.

"We are still going through some growing pains, but we are making strides in the
right direction," he said. "We are trying to get to the elementary schools and
get little kids started with the (United States Tennis Association). We've
always been fairly strong in USTA league play. We are trying to offer
opportunities for our members to play and take drills and to improve their
game."ite Oak Crossing, Swansboro

___ (c)2013 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130118-JN-Ole-Porte-Racquet-Club-honored-0118-20130118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2013 The Daily News


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 1, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

No More Free Brunch

BYLINE: By ALESSANDRA STANLEY

SECTION: Section 1; Page 33; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1310 words


In the darkest days of the Great Depression, when banks failed, businesses went
bankrupt and old family fortunes crumbled, membership in even the nicest men's
clubs declined. Things got so bad at the Harvard Club, which was losing more
than five hundred members a year, that its board imposed severe cost-cutting
measures. In 1931, the club abruptly stopped ordering matchbooks embossed with
the club insignia.

While nothing so drastic has yet occurred at most of New York City's dozens of
social clubs, even some of the most prestigious preserves of the city's
well-to-do are hearing the sharp, cold knock of the recession at their doors.

Those hardest hit are clubs like the Downtown Association or the Downtown
Athletic Club, institutions that cater primarily to Wall Street bankers and
brokers and have lost members in droves. The Century Club, whose members are
mainly writers and artists, has not experienced as sharp a loss in membership,
but it was nevertheless obliged to sell one of its most valuable paintings, "The
Power of Music," by William Sidney Mount, last October to pay for renovations to
its Stanford White building, at 7 West 43d Street.

Lose Job? Never Had One

Members of other highly exclusive clubs, however, like the New York Racquet
Club, the Knickerbocker and the Brook Club, say their clubs are not suffering at
all. These are the old-guard, blue-blooded institutions that after 1988 banned
briefcases and business cards and defined themselves as strictly social to
circumvent a city law that prohibits discrimination in private clubs where
business is conducted. At those places, where even in the 80's, old-world
breeding was a more important criterion for admission than cash earnings or
Nouvelle Society mystique, membership, members insist, remains steady.

"At the really aristocratic clubs, half the members have never worked," said
Charles Scribner 3d, an editor at the Macmillan Publishing Company who belongs
to the New York Racquet Club. "They can't lose their jobs if they've never had
them."

Mr. Scribner said he was amused by a recent New York Post item that breathlessly
recounted mass defections from the 125-year-old New York Athletic Club, on
Central Park South. "I am delighted that The Post considers the N.Y.A.C.
exclusive," he said dryly. "But of course, The New York Post still bills itself
as the newspaper of Alexander Hamilton."

Much as neighbors sometimes seek to blame the victims of violent crime to
reassure themselves that it could never happen to them, members of private clubs
are increasingly able to detect social and economic distinctions between their
own oak-paneled, leather-chair-lined sanctuaries and those that are suffering in
the recession. In a certain rarefied stratum of New York, recessions are like
weddings -- occasions that heighten social distinctions that are largely
invisible to the hoi polloi.

"I belong to a club or so and I do not think they have been affected in this
recession at all," Louis Auchincloss, a writer of elegant novels about a
dwindling WASP upper class, said stoutly. "This recession has notoriously hit
the lower economic brackets," he said, adding with asperity, "And the clubs
surely haven't reached that point yet."

Every Little $1,200 Counts

In fact, one of Mr. Auchincloss's clubs, the Downtown Association, has been so
hurt by the recession that members held an emergency meeting on Dec. 4 to seek
ways to salvage the club's finances, and decided to impose a $200-a-year
spending minimum on its remaining members. The club's annual dues are $1,200.
"It isn't that much, but that is $1,200 you don't have to spend," said one
banker who gave up his Downtown Association membership after he lost his job on
Wall Street two years ago. "You'd love to be a member; it's clearly the most
pleasant place to go for lunch. But it just didn't make any sense."

A member of several other clubs, he explained that he had no plans to return to
the Downtown Association, and had left with regret. "They maintained a real
standard of people that made it particularly attractive," he said wistfully.

Carroll L. Wainwright Jr., president of the Downtown Association, said that it
was not just a decline in membership but also less club usage among remaining
members that was hurting the club's finances. He said his club would not go the
way of the Century Club and sell off assets. "We could do it, but I doubt we
will," Mr. Wainwright said. "We have a very valuable collection of old prints of
New York, but once you start selling off things to pay for current expenses,
that is trouble." He added stoically, "We are not there yet."

Mr. Wainwright, who also belongs to the Union Club and the River Club, said he
did not think the hard times were limited to downtown businessmen's clubs. "I
think the uptown clubs are feeling it too," he said. "I would suspect, without
knowing, that their waiting lists have declined."

While it is impossible to get exact membership figures for individual clubs, the
New York accounting firm of Pannell Kerr Forster, which keeps statistics on the
club industry, discovered a 1.5 percent decline in city club memberships in 1991
for the New York-New Jersey-Connecticut area, part of a steady, nationwide
downward trend that became noticeable in 1988, when city club memberships first
declined by five-tenths of 1 percent.

Lowering the Crossbar

"Companies are not paying club dues for any but the very top executives," said
James Tinney, an accountant with the firm. He added: "In New York, a lot of the
so-called yuppies were joining everything in sight when the going was good.
Things got a little sour, they got out of the clubs." He said that even at some
social clubs "their waiting lists are almost certainly shorter."

That unnerving prospect has disturbed some longtime members, who fear their
institutions might have to "lower the crossbar," as one Racquet Club member put
it. "There is a feeling the club is still suffering from a lot of people who
were admitted in the 1975 recession," he said grimly.

The president of the Racquet Club, John Soutter, was adamant that admissions
standards had not dropped.  He explained: "We are not a business club; we're a
sports club. People come here to play games." He added with irreproachable
logic, "Whether or not one's business is doing well, people still want to
exercise and see their friends."

The Racquet Club has not been spared some ill effects of the recession, however.
Of the two members known to have committed suicide this year, one was an
investment banker who shot himself after an economic reversal. "A rather
dramatic way to resign," is how one Racquet member put it.

George Plimpton, one of New York's most famous preppies, said with what sounded
suspiciously like regret that "it seems a little easier to get a court" at the
Racquet Club. Mr. Plimpton, however, is mainly a devotee of the club's
best-known feature: court tennis, an antiquated but exquisitely aristocratic
racquet sport played by so few that as Mr. Plimpton put it, "if you pick up a
racquet you're world-ranked." He noted happily that at the River Club, where he
plays regular tennis, "you still have to call up six days in advance to get a
court."

Despite the end of the roaring 80's, many younger club members do not expect
their well-bred contemporaries to abandon club life in the coming decade. "In
the 90's, the last thing you want to give up is your club," said one
thirtysomething member of several prestigious institutions. He explained that he
increasingly valued the gracious service and respectful treatment to be found in
club dining. "Going to a trendy, expensive restaurant and being shuttled off to
the kitchen and treated like dirt by some guy in a Mohawk -- in the 80's, that
was funny," he said. "But it's not amusing anymore."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 4, 1999, Sunday, THREE STAR EDITION

IN TENNIS, SUPERSTITIONS AND RITUALS STILL RULE GAME

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. F7

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: HILTON HEAD ISLAND, S.C.


Don't step on the court lines. Use the same shower every day, even if you have
to wait for it. And sit on the same side of the umpire as when you won your last
match - even if you have to run to the chair.

Those rituals may seem farfetched, but for some of the top players on the
Women's Tennis Association tour, they're important.

"When you're winning, you have to use the same shower, same chair, same side of
the umpire," said Rennae Stubbs, who is playing doubles this week at the Family
Circle Cup. "If you do something different, you freak out.

"Every single player does it."

The No. 1 player in the world admits to one little superstition: She tries not
to step on the lines on the court.

"I was glad to read that I'm not the only one who does this - that I'm not
abnormal," top-seeded Martina Hingis said of rival Monica Seles' practice of
avoiding the lines.

But the superstitions don't stop at walking, sitting and showering. They extend
to a player's most important piece of equipment - the racket.

Some players have sent their coaches out in the middle of a match to have a
racket restrung, said Gunnar Schmid, who strings rackets for a living.

Schmid expects to string about 300 rackets by the end of the nine days of Family
Circle matches.

"They're very picky when it comes to tension in the rackets, how many knots in
the string - everyone likes something different and each is very particular,"
Schmid said.

Last year's champion, Amanda Coetzer, doesn't have any rituals or tennis
superstitions, but she understands why players do.

"We have to maintain a very uncertain lifestyle," Coetzer said. "Maybe the
superstitions help players have something that makes them feel in control."

Coetzer does have one superstition, but it's not related to tennis.

"I pick up pennies wherever I go because I believe they give me luck," she said.

She could have used a pocketful of pennies Thursday shen she became the Family
Circle Cup's second defending champion to lose before the quarterfinals.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 23, 1987, Friday, City Edition
                              Correction Appended

Silver Sands offers privacy, space and a waterfront view

BYLINE: MARY EVERTZ

SECTION: HOME/GARDEN; HOME REVIEW; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1025 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG BEACH



Silver Sands Beach and Racquet Club, 6500 Sunset Way, St. Petersburg    Beach.
Two buildings with 100 units. Building "A" has two units left.

 Building "B" has 46 units available. Prices vary from $ 147,500 for    the
two-bedroom, two-bath, 1,748-square-foot "D" unit to $ 330,000 for    the
3,057-square-foot "E" unit. Monthly costs vary from $ 121.50 to    $ 209. The
amenities include a separate clubhouse with card room and    exercise equipment;

 four lighted tennis courts and a heated Gulf-front    pool. Children over age
10 and small animals are allowed. Security    guard on duty from 5 p.m. to 7
a.m. For more information call 367-4555.



   ST. PETERSBURG BEACH - The Don CeSar isn't the only palatial pink    building
on St. Petersburg Beach. The other elegant and seashell pink    complex at the
other end of the beach is the Silver Sands Beach and    Racquet Club.

     While "The Don" caters to visitors to the Tampa Bay area, Silver    Sands
is a condo development looking for buyers who are interested in    Gulffront
properties in the $ 147,500 to $ 330,000 price range.

     The complex is on a 17-acre site between 64th and 66th avenues,    once
home to one of Florida's most popular tourist attractions - the    Aquatarium.

     Six years ago, longtime Pinellas developers Joseph Zappala, Herman
Geller and his son Robert Geller bought the property and announced    plans for
the luxury condo project. Robert Geller did the exterior    design of the
buildings.

     Each building, constructed around an open atrium, has underground
parking topped by five levels of condominiums. The overall plan called    for
three units. Building "A" has two units available, and building    "B" has 46
condos still to be sold. Building "C" is still in the    planning stage. Herman
Geller, who has bought out his son and Zappala,    did the interior design of
the buildings.

     Among the projects that Geller has been associated with before he    took
over the Silver Sands operation were the 765-unit Town Apartments    North and
the 428-unit Town Apartments South in St. Petersburg.

     The buildings are designed so almost every unit has a waterfront    view.
The buildings are separated by a good-sized parkway, so everyone    has a sense
of space and privacy. Each unit has a balcony accessible    from at least two
rooms.

     Silver Sands is impressive. The complex has four lighted tennis    courts.
Beyond the tennis courts is an attractive pink clubhouse where    condo owners
can entertain, play cards or work out.

     Circular driveways take you to the entrance of each building.

 Residents have an automatic garage door opener that gives them access    to the
covered parking on the lower level of the building. While each    unit comes
with one covered parking place, some of the spaces are large    enough to
accommodate two cars. There is ample uncovered parking around    the buildings.

     Each of the two buildings is surrounded with rolling lawns on three
sides. The fourth side is devoted to the waterfront with its sugary    white
sand and turquoise blue Gulf waters. Silver Sands' heated    swimming pool is
along the Gulf.

     The condos are separated from the beach by a wall so passersby are    not
apt to invade the owners' privacy. There is also a wide, wide    expanse of sand
between the Gulf and the condo.

     To enter either building you come through a very small but very    formal
lobby with marble floors and a massive brass Williamsburg    chandelier. A
second-floor balcony overlooks the lobby. To the left is    one of three sets of
elevators that operate within the building.

     From the lobby another set of doors takes you inside the    atrium-like
complex. Planters with lush tropical plants fill the    interior of the
building. The interior is well-lighted with lantern    light posts.

     All the units open onto the courtyard within the atrium, and    breezes
from the Gulf furnish cross ventilation.

     Standing on the balcony of the least expensive unit in the complex    ($
147,500 for 1,794 square feet), you have a panoramic view of the    Gulf, which
on this windy day is filled with wind surfers darting back    and forth in the
water.

     To enter this model you come into a long, narrow foyer. To the left    is a
breakfast room that can accommodate a table and four chairs. The    breakfast
room leads into a small laundry area that can hold a    full-size washer and
dryer (not included).

     The hall, breakfast room and kitchen all have ceramic tile floors.  T The
kitchen has a domed, illuminated ceiling, and included in the    purchase price
is a 24-cubic-foot, frost-free refrigerator and freezer,    icemaker and ice
water dispenser in the door, microwave top oven and    electric range with
self-cleaning bottom oven, dishwasher and garbage    disposal. The model has
Tappan appliances.

     The kitchen has the popular European design cabinets. Louvered    doors
open from a pass-through in the kitchen to the dining area of the    condo.

     The combined living-dining area in the model measures 14 feet 4    inches
by 36 feet 6 inches. Sliding glass doors open onto a balcony (27    feet 4
inches by 8 feet) the living-dining area shares with the master    bedroom.

     The master bedroom (12 feet 8 by 17 feet) has its own walk-in    closet.
The master bath has an elevated whirlpool tub, separate shower    and a cultured
marble vanity that stretches the length of the bathroom.

 A sink and mirrored medicine cabinet are at either end of the vanity.

     The second bedroom is 12 feet 6 by 12 feet 2. It has an    average-size
closet at one end of the room and a full bath with tub and    shower.



LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 24, 1987

CORRECTION:
At the Silver Sands Beach and Racquet Club, 6500 Sunset Way, St. Petersburg
Beach, the 1,748-square foot "A" unit is $ 147,500 and the 1,794-square foot "D"
unit is $ 235,000. Incorrect figures were given in Friday's Home/Garden section.

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, FRASER HALE; BLACK AND WHITE MAP; BLACK AND WHITE DRAWING;
Silver Sands Beach and Racquet Club; map locating Silver Sands Beach and Racquet
Club; the floor plan of Silver Sand's "D" unit

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Racquet Shack

                             3120 E. Ft. Lowell Rd.
                               Tucson,  AZ 85716
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (520) 323-3916
URL: www.racquetshack.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Racquet Shack offers a full line of products to fill all your Tennis,
Racquetball, Squash, and Badminton needs!  To receive VIP notification of
specials and upcoming events from the Racquet Shack, sign up for the Newsletter
by e-mailing us HERE.  Check out the current racquet Clearance here!

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 250,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 23, 1995, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Strike is 'another nail' in trading cards' coffin

BYLINE: Michael Hiestand

SECTION: SPORTS; THE BIZ; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 578 words


In limbo because of the major league player's strike, the baseball trading-card
business faces a grim question: How low can it go?

Not much lower, says Steve Myland, a wholesaler in Phoenix: "The strike has had
a profound effect. The industry is collapsing."

Joe Bosley, a dealer in Reisterstown, Md., says sales of baseball cards issued
in recent years are down 90%: "It's another nail in the coffin."

The previous nails: Marketers glutted the card market several years ago. By
1993, says a NPD Research/Action Packed study, consumers bought just 11.7
billion sports cards, a 44% decline since 1991, including a 49% drop in baseball
cards.

Myland estimates 20%-30% of card retailers have folded since the strike began,
as have four card publications. Topps says its production is at its lowest level
in 30 years. Upper Deck says it cut back by 75%.

Ray Bright, a Tucson, Ariz., dealer and vice president of the industry's trade
association, says "several stores have closed here, and you see it across the
country. My baseball sales are off 50%. I have an Air Force pension, but if had
to depend on my store, my doors would be closed."

There are at least lukewarm optimists. Upper Deck's Rich Bradley says "hockey
card sales bounced back" after the NHL lockout. And Tom Mortensen of Sports
Collectors Digest suggests fewer cards will make them more valuable
collectibles: "This could be a very good year for investors."

Wholesaler Myland doesn't buy that. "I'm tired of the trade publications saying
there won't be much effect because they're reluctant to print the bad news," he
says. "And the players have shown no respect for us."

But players should: Card revenues provided the bulk of the union's licensing
revenues, which were $ 74.8 million in '93.

No marketer has announced replacement-player cards. Fleer's Ted Taylor says they
would be feasible, assuming Major League Baseball approved and

But Taylor notes practical problems: "It'd be a small niche. And what if you're
part way through a six-week production process and the strike ends?"

Well, that manufacturer wouldn't have made new friends in the players' union.

"You don't want to jeopardize your license with the union," Upper Deck's Bradley
says. "But somewhere along the line you wonder when people will quit calling
them 'replacements.' "

Wholesaler Myland isn't looking that far into the future: "I'm sick and tired of
being sick and tired about this."

THUMBS-UP: Estusa USA, a small Tustin, Calif., tennis-gear marketer, which has
Boris Becker, No. 3 in the world, using its $ 135 Power Beam Pro racket for
free. Becker used the racket when it was made by Puma. Estusa's Michael Sobel
says after the company got the racket design, it talked to Becker about paying
him so he could be used in ads. "We'd sign him in a second, but it would cost
about $ 1 million."

THUMBS-DOWN To everybody in the college men's hoops tournament, except UCLA. A $
60 NCAA-licensed computer game from Bethesda Softworks of Rockville, Md., played
the tournament 20 times. UCLA topped the field with eight wins. Last year, the
game picked Arkansas.

Stock prices fall for cardmakers

Stock prices for companies marketing baseball cards have sagged:
Company     Wednesday  52-week
       close     high
Topps          5 3/8      8
Scoreboard     3 3/4      5 1/4
Megacards      2          3
Marvel        16         19 3/4

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Inside look at Sports business; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday

CID busts major green card forgery racket

LENGTH: 225  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 27 -- A major racket involving the forging of documents,
including US Green Cards, in order to enable people to emigrate to the USA, was
uncovered by the Criminal Investigation Department with the arrest of two
persons on Tuesday.

The CID, following a lengthy investigation, took into custody two persons,
identified as Upali Rajapaksha and Kongedarage Indrani Chandralatha, residing at
291, Dehiwela Road, Boralesgamuwa, according to police spokesman Senior DIG
Nimal Mediwake.

The suspects, who were wanted by police for sometime, had deceived a number of
persons in the area and had manufactured false documents to send them to the USA
charging millions of rupees.

They had reportedly forged US Green Cards, Social Security Cards and Driving
Licences in order to send applicants to the USA as emigrants, the CID said
yesterday.

The police spokesman said a number of similar cases related to the racket had
recently been reported to the CID and it was conducting a thorough probe into
it.

The CID requests public assistance to obtain more information on the case. The
public can on telephone numbers 011-2447319, 011-2323683 or 011-2392917 to
provide information. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Mirror Sri Lanka. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2009 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Santa Rosa's Oak Park Swim & Racquet Club to close

BYLINE: Chris Smith, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


Dec. 22--The landmark Oak Park Swim and Racquet Club, for generations a
recreational oasis in Santa Rosa's Rincon Valley, will close at the end of the
year.

"The financial magic that the late owner, Marion Elston, performed is
unsustainable," reads a notice mailed to members of the pool and tennis club
that Elston purchased 42 years ago.

One of the world's greatest coaches of synchronized swimming, Elston had for
years kept the private Oak Park club going through tireless labor and infusions
of her own funds. She was preparing to teach a synchronized swim class when she
collapsed and died at her home near the pools on Aug. 10. She was 81.

One of Elston's four children and heirs, Kari Phillips of Santa Rosa, said
Tuesday it is possible that Oak Park may reopen once her mother's estate is
settled. Phillips said the estate is currently in probate, so she and her two
sisters and one brother are limited in what plans they can make for the club.

"Our life is upside-down right now," Phillips said. In the midst of trying to
keep the club open, she and her siblings lost their father two weeks ago. Don
Kane, who was divorced from Elston many years ago, was living in Santa Rosa when
he died.

Phillips and her siblings days ago mailed a simple to notice to club members. It
announced "with sadness and sincere apology" that Oak Park will close for
business at 5 p.m. on Thursday the 31st.

Phillips said the "financial magic" that kept the club solvent included her
mother's practice of shoring up the business with her own funds. She said one of
her sisters, Lynn Nacey of Santa Rosa, rightly noted that to their mother the
swim and tennis club was like a beloved and costly-to-maintain old sports car.

Marion Elston fed the club with her own money largely because teaching
synchronized swimming classes was her life, Phillips said.

Elston's students ranged from beginners to master swimmers who had trained and
competed for decades.

Many of the swimmers Elston coached became champions in synchronized swimming, a
demanding, music-accompanied sport that combines ballet, gymnastics and
swimming.

Beyond producing title-winners, Oak Park made swimmers of countless Sonoma
County kids since Elston opened the club in 1973.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151222-UR-Santa-Rosa-s-Oak-Park-Swim-Racquet
-Club-to-close-1222-20151222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Santa Rosa's Oak Park Swim & Racquet Club to close

BYLINE: Chris Smith, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 390 words


Dec. 22--The landmark Oak Park Swim and Racquet Club, for generations a
recreational oasis in Santa Rosa's Rincon Valley, will close at the end of the
year.

"The financial magic that the late owner, Marion Elston, performed is
unsustainable," reads a notice mailed to members of the 42-year-old pool and
tennis center.

Elston, one of the world's greatest coaches of synchronized swimming, had for
years kept the private Oak Park club going through tireless labor and infusions
of her own funds. She was preparing to teach a synchronized swim class when she
collapsed at her home near the pools on Aug. 10. She was 81.

One of Elston's four children and heirs, Kari Philips of Santa Rosa, said
Tuesday it is possible that Oak Park may reopen once her mother's estate is
settled. Phillips said the estate is currently in probate, so she and her two
sisters and one brother are limited in what plans they can make for the club.

"Our life is upside-down right now," Phillips said. In the midst of trying to
keep the club open, she and her siblings lost their father two weeks ago. Don
Kane, who was divorced from Elston many years ago, was living in Santa Rosa when
he died.

Phillips and her siblings days ago mailed a simple to notice to club members. It
announced "with sadness and sincere apology" that Oak Park will close for
business at 5 p.m. on Thursday.

Phillips said the "financial magic" that kept the club solvent included her
mother's practice of shoring up the business with her own funds. She said one of
her sisters, Lynn Nacey of Santa Rosa, rightly noted that to their mother the
swim and tennis club was like a beloved and costly-to-maintain old sports car.

Marion Elston fed the club with her own money largely because teaching
synchronized swimming classes was her life, Phillips said.

Elston's students ranged from beginners to master swimmers who had trained and
competed for decades.

Many of the swimmers Elston coached became champions in synchronized swimming, a
demanding, music-accompanied sport that combines ballet, gymnastics and
swimming.

Beyond producing title-winners, Oak Park made swimmers of countless Sonoma
County kids since Elston opened the club in 1973.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151222-UR-Santa-Rosa-s-Oak-Park-Swim-Racquet
-Club-to-close-1222-20151222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           January 17, 2008 Thursday

BASEBALL

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 219 words


Fossil Park

Registration Tuesdays-Fridays from 6-8 p.m. and Saturdays from 9 a.m.-noon
through today. Go to www.fossilparkyouthbaseball.org or call 525-6166 for
information.

Tierra Verde Dizzy Dean

The league is looking for players ages 7-8, 9-10 and 11-12. Tryouts will be held
Saturday from 10 a.m.-noon and Sunday from noon-2 p.m. Call Lou Wykoff at
692-1623 or e-mail lou455@aol.com

Tennis

Pinellas Area Doubles League Jan. 10 results

Eastlake III d. Eastlake I 10-1; Feather Sound d. Countryside II 10-2; Spa d.
Belleair II 8-2; St. Pete Tennis Center II d. McMullen II 10-0; Vinoy II d.
Bardmoor III 8-3; Royal III d. St. Petersburg CC 6-5; Bardmoor II d. Racquet
Club I 6-5; Countryside I d. Treasure Island 8-2; Eastlake II d. Innisbrook 8-2;
Racquet Club II d. Royal I 8-3; Belleair I d. Bardmoor I 10-1; Royal III d.
McMullen I 9-4; St. Pete Tennis Center I d. Vinoy I 10-1

Advantage Tennis League Jan. 15 results

Royal Racquet d. SW Stars 4-2; SW Suns d. McM Smashers 6-1; McM Aces d. Seminole
Lakers 6-1; Dunedin d. McM Court Sports 6-0; McM Take Two d. McM Energizers 6-0

Suncoast Ladies Doubles League Jan. 15 results

Hunter's Green d. Eastlake 10-4; Davis Island d. Racquet Club 9-5; Vinoy d.
Bardmoor 8-6; Apollo Beach tied Treasure Island 7-7; Harbour Island d. Emerald
Green 11-3; Cheval d. Tampa Yacht 8-6

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            October 30 1989, Monday

Snow too experienced for Happell; Real Tennis

BYLINE: SALLY JONES

SECTION: Issue 63538.

LENGTH: 234 words


In the final of the prestigious Manchester Gold Racquet event, Julian Snow, of
Queen's Club, the world's No. 1 amateur, proved too consistent for the fast
improving Australian, Mike Happell, ranked two in the world .

Both men played a subtle, tactical game, keeping an excellent length on the
floor and forcing intelligently when they found the openings. After a close
first set, however, Snow's extra experience told and he was always ahead from
then on, winning an absorbing match 6-5, 6-3.


The group one rackets final was more one-sided and David Jenkins (Manchester)
played so tightly and accurately that he never allowed his opponent Chris
Worlidge to find his rhythm. Jenkins's victory in three straight games delighted
the home crowd as it was the first time a Manchester player had ever won the
Gold Racquet.

REAL TENNIS: Group one: Quarter-finals: J Snow bt M Howard, 9-3; A Page bt M
McMurrugh, 10-0; I Snell bt J Male, 5-4; M Happell bt N Pendrigh, 8-3.
Semi-finals: Snow bt Page, 8-3; Happell bt Snell, 8-5. Final: Snow bt Happell,
6-5, 6-3. Final: Male and Happell bt Snow and McMurrugh, 6-3, 6-3.

RACKETS: Group one: C Worlidge bt P Bailey, 25-13; M Blower bt G Devereux,
25-14; D Jenkins bt S Shenkman, 25-21; H Swinglehurst bt T Cockcroft, 25-12.
Semi-final: Worlidge bt Blower, 25-18; Jenkins bt Swinglehurst, 25-14. Final:
Jenkins bt Worlidge, 15-0, 15-8, 15-0.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            October 30 1989, Monday

Snow too experienced for Happell; Real Tennis

BYLINE: SALLY JONES

SECTION: Issue 63538.

LENGTH: 234 words


In the final of the prestigious Manchester Gold Racquet event, Julian Snow, of
Queen's Club, the world's No. 1 amateur, proved too consistent for the fast
improving Australian, Mike Happell, ranked two in the world .

Both men played a subtle, tactical game, keeping an excellent length on the
floor and forcing intelligently when they found the openings. After a close
first set, however, Snow's extra experience told and he was always ahead from
then on, winning an absorbing match 6-5, 6-3.


The group one rackets final was more one-sided and David Jenkins (Manchester)
played so tightly and accurately that he never allowed his opponent Chris
Worlidge to find his rhythm. Jenkins's victory in three straight games delighted
the home crowd as it was the first time a Manchester player had ever won the
Gold Racquet.

REAL TENNIS: Group one: Quarter-finals: J Snow bt M Howard, 9-3; A Page bt M
McMurrugh, 10-0; I Snell bt J Male, 5-4; M Happell bt N Pendrigh, 8-3.
Semi-finals: Snow bt Page, 8-3; Happell bt Snell, 8-5. Final: Snow bt Happell,
6-5, 6-3. Final: Male and Happell bt Snow and McMurrugh, 6-3, 6-3.

RACKETS: Group one: C Worlidge bt P Bailey, 25-13; M Blower bt G Devereux,
25-14; D Jenkins bt S Shenkman, 25-21; H Swinglehurst bt T Cockcroft, 25-12.
Semi-final: Worlidge bt Blower, 25-18; Jenkins bt Swinglehurst, 25-14. Final:
Jenkins bt Worlidge, 15-0, 15-8, 15-0.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           October 10, 2012 Wednesday

Wednesday's scholastic results

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 585 words


YORK-ADAMS LEAGUE DOUBLES TOURNA MENT

At South Western

Class AAA

Semifinals

Wagner/Bullaj (S) def. Kuhn/Strausbaugh (CY), 6-3, 7-5; Westenberger/Lucabaugh
(Dt) def. Bortner/Bortner (SW), 6-0, 6-2.

Finals


Westenberger/Lucabaugh (Dt) def. Wagner/Bullaj (S), 6-1, 1-6, 7-6 (5).

Third-place match

Kuhn/Strausbaugh (CY) def. Bortner/Bortner (SW), 6-1, 6-1.

Class AA

Semifinals

Spoden/Kepner (YC) def. Yurick/Anthony (BS), 6-2, 6-0; Brumgard/Glass (B) def.
Koury/Javitt (YC), 6-1, 6-2.

Finals

Spoden/Kepner (YC) def. Brumgard/Glass (B), 6-3, 6-1.

Third-place match

Yurick/Anthony (BS) def. Koury/Javitt, 6-3, 3-6, 6-2.

DISTRICT 3 TENNIS

Team Championships

Class AA

Thursday's Schedule

(All matches at Hershey Racquet Club)

(1) Wyomissing vs. (8) Kutztown, 1:15 p.m.; (4) Berks Catholic vs. (5) Trinity,
noon; (6) Camp Hill vs. (3) Lancaster Catholic, 2:30 p.m; (2) York Catholic vs.
(7) Brandywine Heights, 3:45 p.m.

Class AAA

Friday's Schedule

(All matches at Hershey Racquet Club)

(1) Hershey vs. (8) Dallastown; (4) Central Dauphin vs. (5) Susquehannock; (6)
Cedar Crest vs. (3) Lampeter-Strasburg; (2) Manheim Township vs. (7) Wilson.

Individual Singles Championships

Class AAA

Saturday's Schedule

(All matches at Hershey Racquet Club)

Wagner, Susquehannock vs. Sambrick, Lampeter-Strasburg; Mann, Manheim Township
vs. Smith, Ephrata; Nolan, Hershey vs. Snyder, Exeter; Coons, Mechanicsburg fs.
Amsrud, Northern; Westenberger, Dallastown vs. Bell, Chambersburg; Mac Bortner,
South Western vs. Kamprath, Wilson; Bond, Cedar Crest vs. Jones, Penn Manor;
Kuhn, Central York vs. Millen, Lancaster McCaskey.

Seeded players: 1. Wagner. 2. Kuhn. 3. Kamprath. 4. Nolan.

Class AA

Saturday's Schedule

(All matches at Hershey Racquet Club)

Blakely, Wyomissing vs. Gianakas, Harrisburg Academy; Wardius, Berks Catholic
vs. Gainer, Donegal; Kepner, York Catholic vs. Gerhard, Camp Hill; Robertson,
Berks Catholic vs. Veronis, Lancaster Catholic; Koch, Wyomissing vs. Seaborne,
Brandywine Heights; Volk, Kutztown vs. Shaak, Elco; Brumgard, Biglerville vs.
Tully, Bishop McDevitt; Spoden, York Catholic vs. Sandri, Trinity.

Seeded players: 1. Blakely. 2. Spoden. 3. Shaak. 4. Gerhard.

BOYS' SOCCER

Wednesday's Results

Fairfield 2  2 -- 4 Bermudian Springs 2  0 -- 2

Goals: F, Wilt (2), Smith, Williams; BS, Alvarez, Rivas; Assists: BS, Rivas,
Prebich; Shots: F 11; BS 10; Corners: F 6; BS 2; Saves: F, Nordberg (8); BS,
Sanders (7); JV: F 3-2.

Northeastern 0  0 -- 0 York Catholic 0  2 -- 2

Goals: YC, Sosa, Ingram; Assists: YC, Riley, Sosa; Shots: NE 2; YC 8; Saves: NE,
Myers (6); YC, Grippi (2); JV: YC 4-2.

Tuesday's Results

Kennard-Dale 1 West York 5

Goals: KD, Cooper; WY, Markel (2), Vaupel (2), Thomas; Assists: WY, Toth,
Markel, Eppley, Cruz; Saves: KD, Ambrose (11); WY, Wood (5); JV: WY 6-0.

Central 2  0 -- 2 Red Lion 0  1 -- 1

Goals: CY, Raver, Thornton; RL, Jones; Assists: CY, Navat, Smith; RL, Haynes;
Shots: CY 9; RL 5; Saves: CY, Snowadsky (4); RL, Rissler (7); JV: CY 3-0.

GIRLS' SOCCER

Dover 5  2 -- 7 Kennard-Dale 0  1 -- 1

Goals: DO, Firestone (5), Herman, Miller; KD, Beach; Shots: DO 22; KD 9;
Corners: DO 4; KD 0; Saves: DO, Gerrick (6); KD, Gordon (13).

Eastern 1  0  0  1 -- 2 Red Lion 0  1  0  0 -- 1

Goals: EY, Daugherty, Myers; RL, Gebhart; Assist: RL, Davis; Shots: EY 8; RL 17;
Cor ners: EY 2; RL 2; Saves: EY, Layman (8); RL, Clever (5); JV: EY 2-0.

Bermudian Springs 0  0 -- 0 Fairfield 4  3 -- 7

Goals: F, Junker (5), Harbaugh, Schlak; As sists: F, Harbaugh (2); Shots: BS 3;
F 18; Cor ners: BS 0; F 4; Saves: BS, Feeser (5); F, Ford (1); JV: F 5-0.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 2, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

NOTEBOOK;
Graf Finds Scrutiny Unbearable

Alison Muscatine, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE B4

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: WIMBLEDON, England, July 1, 1992


Steffi Graf is a shy 23-year-old German who has always zealously guarded her
privacy. But this week, as often has been the case in the past, her efforts have
been to no avail.

A few years ago, she suffered through months of publicity about her father's
affair with a young German model. This spring, her privacy was invaded more
boldly when a photographer, whose identity has yet to be conclusively
determined, flew over her house in Florida and took pictures of her sunbathing
nude.

This week, the scrutiny of the defending champion's personal life continued
unabated. After one of the tabloids published a photo of Graf with a young man
identified as her new boyfriend, reporters descended on the house she is renting
here to see if he was staying with her.

In an extraordinary session with the news media, Graf begged to be left alone.

"People were coming to my house until 11 in the night, ringing my door, knocking
on the door, coming up to watch us in the car," a dejected Graf told reporters
Tuesday. "Why has that been happening? People ... have been walking around the
garden, sleeping in the garden. What kind of business is that, anyway? It's okay
to ask me questions here [at Wimbledon] but it is not correct to come to my
house until 11 in the night."

Seconds after she finished her plea, the personal questions continued. "He's
staying with you, but he is just a friend?" asked a journalist.

Exasperated, Graf answered. "He's not staying with me. He was over to watch
tennis for one day," she said.


Throwing Fits Mac

In general, John McEnroe has been more restrained than usual on the court during
the Wimbledon fortnight. But when McEnroe thumped his racket into the ground
during his fourth-round match against Andrei Olhovskiy, the Russian qualifier
asked the chair umpire to give McEnroe a code violation.

Asked later about whether he should have received a warning, McEnroe offered
this concise analysis of racket-throwing:

"Ken Rosewall was one of the greatest players in our game [and] he always threw
his racket," McEnroe said. "It's the way you throw it. You rarely ever break
your racket throwing it, so I think it should be regarded in a totally different
manner."

McEnroe said a code violation is only in order if "you break the racket or
you're endangering somebody. I don't think there is anything malicious in it at
all. I think it's good if players show emotion. I'm one of the believers in
showing emotion."



Bucking Tradition

It was Princess Diana's 31st birthday today, and normally she celebrates by
making an appearance in the Royal Box on Centre Court at Wimbledon. But the
Princess of Wales was absent today, preferring instead to tour a fitness club
that specializes in physical therapy for disabled people.

Di, in the midst of controversy over her troubled marriage with Prince Charles,
has yet to show up at the All England Club this year.



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOHN MCENROE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT THE RACKET IS ABOUT: "I THINK
IT'S GOOD IF PLAYERS SHOW EMOTION.", REUTER

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 27, 2007 Monday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

POWER POINTS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 801 words


Every generation has its big hitters. In 1931, Bill Tilden delivered an
unofficial 163.6-mph serve. Two of the top servers of the post-World War II era,
Jack Kramer and Pancho Gonzales, reached speeds of 110 and 112 mph. In 1963,
England's Mike Sangster recorded an unofficial 154 mph. Today, both men and
women are exerting their power more consistently than ever before. Over the past
40 years, new rules, new rackets and increasingly stronger competition have
contributed to the evolution:

1967: Billie Jean King, all of 5 feet, 41/2 inches, captures the U.S. Open,
becoming the first player to win a Grand Slam title with a metal racket, the
Wilson T2000. "Everybody thinks it was Jimmy Connors (to use it first) but it
wasn't," she says. "Clark Grabner and I were the first ones - he got to the
finals that year and I won it."

Another key change takes hold in the 1960swith players no longer required to
keep a foot planted by the baseline while serving. The new rule, allowing
players to leap and gain a fuller racket extension, markedly increases speeds.
King says she never felt comfortable with the new style: "I couldn't do it. If
you look at old footage, they look so static. Well, they had to keep one foot on
the ground. But maybe we should go back to that."

1970s: Wood rackets give way to metal, adding more power to the serve - ushering
in a new era of racket and synthetic string technology that continues to launch
balls at greater speeds. Jimmy Connors popularizes the Wilson T2000. More
durable and lighter graphite rackets arrive in the '80s, with wide-bodies that
feature larger "sweet spots."

1974: Australia's Colin Dibley hits a 148 mph offering in the U.S. Open that
stands as the men's record for 24 years.

1998: England's Greg Rusedski hits a serve clocked at 149 mph during the ATP
Championships, and Venus Williams reaches 127.4 mph at the European Indoor
Championships - both speeds recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records.

2004: Andy Roddick's 155 mph serve in a Davis Cup match in South Carolina beats
his mark of 153 set earlier that year at the Queen's Club tourney in England.

2007: Venus Williams hits a serve recorded at 128 mph at the French Open,
recognized as the fastest women's serve ever in a main-draw match.

Source: Physics Factbook, National Fast Serve Challenge, USTA and USA Today.

Tall orders

It helps to have height - an asset that allows the server a greater skyward
extension than shorter opponents. Here's a look at some current and former
practitioners of the craft, courtesy of BBC Sport Academy, a Web site from the
United Kingdom, and other tennis sites:

 1. Andy Roddick        6-2 U.S.    155 mph    2004
 2. Greg Rusedski        6-3 Britain    149    1998


3. Mark Philippoussis6-5 Australia 142.7 1997

 4. Mark Rosset           6-7 Switzerland 135    1991


5. Goran Ivanisevic 6-4 Croatia 133 1997

 6. Pete Sampras           6-1 U.S. 135 2000


7. Richard Krajicek 6-5 Holland 135 1999

8. Brenda Schultz-McCarthy6-2 Netherlands 130 2006

9. Venus Williams 6-1 U.S. 128 2007 Match play

Identified flying objects

What's the fastest moving object in sports? According to hypertextbook.com, the
tennis ball is a distant second behind a badminton shuttlecock (with a recorded
smash of 199 mph) and a jai-alai pelota (188). The fastest tennis serve on
record is not Andy Roddick's, by the way. It's credited by several sources to
"Big Bill" Tilden (163.6 mph) in 1931, though equipment to clock speed was not
what it is today. Hockey and squash tie for fourth at 120 mph.

An aging ace

Even at 93, Gardnar Mulloy competes in senior tournaments. The Hall of Famer
from Miami was ranked in the U.S. top 10 14 times between 1939 and 1954 -
including No. 1 in 1952 (the year he lost in the final of the U.S. Open to
defending champion Frank Sedgman). Mulloy saw some great servers.

"The greatest server, in my opinion, wasn't the hardest hitter," he says. "It
was Bill Tilden. He had about 11 different styles and was always very deceptive
and had speed as well as control. Jack Kramer was another one. He wasn't
overpowering but he was so consistent that it was difficult to play against him.
In other words, he outmaneuvered you in his serve - he'd put it one corner, then
another, short or wide or whatever. And Don Budge was great, too. He had a quick
serve."

Mulloy, like Talbert, points to the change in the foot-fault rule as the turning
point. He says the move was made because serves had begun to dominate, reducing
the number of rallies. The thinking was that the new, leaping-at-the-line style
would create longer points, but it had the opposite effect.

"In their idiotic thinking, they changed the serve," he says. "So players are
jumping about foot high and landing in the court. And instead of reducing the
speed of the serve, they made it more powerful."

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Times (1965): Tennis equipment. PHOTO, Times file: Gardnar
Mulloy, serving in the early 1960s, still plays today. PHOTO: Badminton
shuttlecock. CHART: Tall orders - height and service speed of some current and
former tennis players

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 25, 2008 Friday

49ers to make a racket: Yuba City High duo lead Yuba's tennis team back

BYLINE: Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 338 words


Jan. 25--Bolstered by a couple of players from the Yuba City High championship
teams, the Yuba College men's tennis program could make a racket in the Bay
Valley Conference.

"Our men's team is going to be decent," 49ers coach Josh Prager said.

The 49ers' program has been down in recent years, but Prager said the addition
of former Yuba City players Daniel Henke and Shawn Aldrich will boost up the
team.

"(Henke) has gotten a lot better in the last six months. He's playing just about
even with Seppi Capaul," said Prager, comparing his current No. 1 with the
defending Sac-Joaquin Section Div. II-III champion. Capaul is a junior at Yuba
City this year.

"It was a big jump for him this year," Prager said of Henke.

But if Henke is going to keep that top spot he will have to fend off his former
doubles partner.

Aldrich and Henke won the Sac-Joaquin Section Div. II-III Super Doubles title,
rallying from 1-3 down in the third set to beat a Del Campo team in May.

Prager said he expects Aldrich to compete for the number-one spot. "He's pretty
good, too," Prager said. "He's gained a lot of tournament experience."

Prager said he also has several good players to fill out the squad, including
the current No. 3 Charles Luke.

The men take to the court for the first time on Tuesday. The 49ers challenge
Modesto Junior College at the Yuba City Racquet Club.

Competition begins at 1 p.m.

The women's program has not made the same strides, Prager said, and will likely
struggle this season.

The 49ers are scheduled to open their 2008 slate at 1 p.m. on Feb. 12 against
Sacramento City, also at the racquet club.

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080125-MY-49ers-to-make-a-racket-0125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2008 Appeal-Democrat


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 19, 2010 Friday

Tennis shop serves up new store: What a Racquet moves to Crescent drive, near
Eugene Swim and Tennis

BYLINE: Tim Christie, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


Mar. 19--What a Racquet, a three-year-old store that sells tennis equipment and
apparel, has moved across town.

The store, which was at 1055 Bailey Hill Road, has moved to 2866 Crescent Drive,
but only temporarily, said Tom Wiley, who owns the business with his wife,
Alicia. The plan is to move again to a new building at 2840 Crescent within the
next month or two, he said.

Wiley said he decided to move the store from Bailey Hill Road after the nearby
US SportsPlex tennis center closed last year.

"We want to be near where our customers play tennis," he said.

The new store is just a few blocks from the Eugene Swim and Tennis Club.

What a Racquet sells tennis rackets, shoes and apparel. Restringing rackets also
is a big part of the business, Wiley said.

Wiley worked for Hynix for 11 years. A year after he opened his tennis store, he
was among about 1,000 workers who lost their jobs when Hynix shut down its
Eugene computer chip plant.

"I had opened the tennis store before I knew that was coming," he said. "It was
bad timing," because the store was not yet profitable.

Today, he said, "Business is good. The new location has been very good."

While big-box sporting good stores such as Dick's, Big 5 and Sports Authority
sell tennis gear, Wiley said he doesn't view them as competition because he
carries different types of products.

New clothing shop opens in Delta Oaks

Urban Liquidators, a clothing shop, has opened in the Delta Oaks shopping
district. It is owned and operated by Deborah Bartel, who used to own a bridal
shop called Bridal Fashion Parlor in the Fifth & Pearl building.

Bartel describes her new store, located at 1020 Green Acres Road, No. 2, as a
boutique-style TJ Maxx or Ross Dress for Less, with a dash of bridal wear.

She buys discontinued samples of wedding dresses and sells them for $50 to $250.
The rest of the store is stocked with new clothing she has purchased at
department store close-outs, as well as some men's shirts and women's clothing
she imports from Bali, she said.

Retail Notebook runs in Friday's Register-Guard. Tim Christie can be reached at
tim.christie@registerguard.com or at 541-338-2572.

To see more of the Register-Guard or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.registerguard.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Register-Guard, Eugene,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100319-EU-Tennis-shop-serves-up-new-store-0319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2010 The Register Guard


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            December 12 1986, Friday

Rackets: Quiet man can turn the tables

BYLINE: WILLIAM STEPHENS

SECTION: Issue 62639.

LENGTH: 447 words


John Prenn, the former champion, will resume his challenge to William Boone, the
holder, for the world title at Queen's Club tomorrow leading by four games to
three. Prenn has gained this marginal superiority through physical fitness,
which paid dividends during the first leg in New York on Saturday.

A rigorous seven months training programme enabled him to outlast Boone, whose
exhaustion was evident in the last two games.


The contrast between the contenders is marked. Boone, and old Etonian, is a
sales manager for a rackets company. A left-hander, he has played tennis for
Cambridgeshire and squash rackets for Norfolk. In rackets singled at Eton he was
in the shadow of Mark Faber and never won the public schools singles
championship. He is an exuberant character who can get carried away under
pressure.

Prenn, a quiet, self-contained person, is an old Harrovian who is chairman of a
clothing company. A right-hander, he plays tennis for Middlesex, captained
England in a senior international against Wales, and at the age of 18 played
doubles with Pancho Gonzalez in the London grass courts championships before
joining the international circuit.

The world championship first leg was a scrappy affair with neither player at his
best. In the first game, Prenn took a 6-1 lead before Boone found his rhythm and
won 15-7. The second was level at 8-8 and 12-12 with Boone appearing to fade as
Prenn took the game 15-12. Prenn led 8-6 in the third but Boone recovered to win
15-8.

The crucial game was the fourth. Prenn trailed 0-6, 1-7, and 5-9, at which point
Boone hit the ball into the back of his opponent's head. Play was halted while
Prenn absorbed the pain. From 5-12 down, Prenn caught up to 13-13, drawing level
through executing a soft drop shot - one of three he was to use to tire his
opponent in the closing stages of that game.

After the exertions required to win that fourth game 18-17, Prenn subsided in
the fifth to trail 0-8, but Boone made unforced errors to allow Prenn to catch
up to 8-8 and to lead 12-8. From there, Boone levelled at 12-12 and 13-13 before
maintaining dominance to win the game 18-15.

The sixth game showed Boone beginning to tire. He led 3-0, 4-2, and 9-5 but
Prenn's drop shots had an attritional effect as Boone's competitiveness began to
expire and Prenn levelled at 9-9. Prenn secured the game 15-9 and allowed
himself an enormous smile as he realized the implications.

With renewed confidence he took an early lead in the final game of 3-0. But
Boone caught up to 4-4 and 5-5 before he committed more unforced errors and
Prenn maintained pressure to extinguish Boone's fire by winning 15-6.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                                 June 24, 2012
                                 First Edition

Line judges beware: The danger players

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 228 words


YANINA WICKMAYER

The fiery Belgian was defaulted from a final in Florida three years ago after
hitting a line judge when she swatted away a ball that had been called out

Danger factor 4/5

RYAN HARRISON

"Mr Cranky Pants", as one commentator called him, threw his racket into a tree
in Paris. "He goes a little mental sometimes," Andy Roddick once said. "And
that's coming from me"

Danger factor 4/5

NOVAK DJOKOVIC

Throws and even smashes rackets in occasional displays of frustration.
Demolished advertising hoarding with his racket during French Open final two
weekends ago

Danger factor 3/5

DAVID NALBANDIAN

Threw water over an official at Australian Open and was defaulted from last
weekend's final at Queen's after injuring a line judge by kicking an advertising
hoarding

Danger factor 5/5

SERENA WILLIAMS

Yet to turn threats into action but told a line judge at 2009 US Open: "If I
could, I'd take this fucking ball and shove it down your fucking throat"

Danger factor 1/5

ROGER FEDERER

Was a racket-thrower in his youth but now only an occasional offender. Habit of
throwing water bottles over his head at changeovers when miffed could pose an
unlikely threat

Danger factor 1/5

DMITRY TURSUNOV

Recently wrote article entitled "How to smash a tennis racket" and once said
smashing a racket was "like having rough sex. When the racket breaks, it feels
almost orgasmic"

Danger factor 2/5

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IS


                      Copyright 2012 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           October 12, 1999, Tuesday

12-year-old globe-trotter makes waves in America

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 742 words



It has been nearly three years since Tristan Farron-Mahon and his family left
Ireland for tennis in America.

For the 12-year-old, the relocation to Saddlebrook has worked out well. Multiple
tournament wins and final and semifinal appearances show Farron-Mahon has
improved his play while competing against players several years older.

"I would say in this last year, I have improved the most in my footwork," he
said. "I've done a lot of extra drills to get better, too."

Last summer, Farron-Mahon and his older brother, Alex, traveled around Europe to
play in international tournaments. Alex earned 378 International Tennis
Federation points competing in events in Ireland, Morocco, Tunisia, Iran and
Syria. Tristan won singles and doubles titles in Denmark and Ireland.

"I think I've been improving and learning," he said. "Traveling and playing last
summer was fun. And I managed to do some sightseeing on days off."

Since returning, Tristan advanced to the 14-and-under final at the Racquet Club
of St. Petersburg, won The Water is Clear Junior Championships and was a
semifinalist in the Pete Wolfberg Memorial Super Series at Royal Racquet Club.

During the Royal Racquet Club tournament, Tristan hurt his arm and was unable to
serve or play well. He still reached the semifinals.

Injuries aside, Tristan plans to compete in Bradenton at the Bollettieri Tennis
Academy this weekend with his brother Alex. Not concerned with rankings, but
more with playing hard and doing his best, Tristan said he looks forward to more
improvement as he hones his skills for a possible future in professional tennis.



"I just always try to do my best and play every point," he said. "Then, if I do
well, I'm pleased."

MORE JUNIOR PLAY: Sukhwa Young of Wesley Chapel battled three sets in a boys
18-and-under final loss to fellow academy student Bejamin Rufer of Switzerland
in this month's Pete Wolfberg Memorial Super Series Tournament held at Royal
Racquet Club. Last weekend, Young lost again to Rufer, this time in two sets at
a junior tournament in Oldsmar.

Also in the Clearwater event were Linda Tien, who won the girls 16s consolation,
Becky Gordon, a girls 14s finalist and Michael Douglas, a boys 16s consolation
finalist.

Watch for juniors this weekend in either the Angelamaria Lopera Super Series
Tournament for those 18 and younger at the Bollettieri Tennis Academy or in a
Junior Satellite event at the Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club in Largo. Call
Bollettieri's at (941) 792-8757 and Bardmoor at (727) 392-1234.

NATIONAL TEAMS: This month, USA League Tennis National Championships are in
Tucson, Ariz., and include Feather Sound Country Club in the men's 3.0
competition and the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg in the men's 3.5. It is the
third trip to a national men's championship for Feather Sound club and the first
for the Racquet Club. In both divisions, all 17 of the USTA sections are
represented.

PREMIER TENNIS: All this week is competition in the $ 50,000 Premier USTA Tennis
Challenge at the Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club in Largo. Main draw action begins
today, following pre-qualifying and qualifying tournaments for women
professionals ranked 100 and higher.

Among the players competing in the qualifying division that finishes this
morning were Houston's second-seed Mashona Washington (sister of 1996 Wimbledon
semifinalist MaliVai Washington) and No. 1 seed Florencia Labat of Argentina.

The four semifinalists in the qualifying event advance to the 32-player main
draw. Competition continues this week with singles and doubles finals at at 1
p.m. Sunday.

Call Jan Zimmerman at (727) 392-123, ext. 210, for information.

GRAHAM STRIKES AGAIN: Ria Graham of New Port Richey is playing her way to the
top in the state in women's singles state-sanctioned tournament play. Earlier
this month, Graham won her third singles tournament in the 55-and-over division
and last weekend won her first title in the 60s. In the 60s final, Graham
defeated Paule Ferguson of Gainesville, Florida's No. 1 60s player, in straight
sets.

COMING UP: The K-Swiss Doubles Tennis Championships begin Thursday at the Glen
Lakes Tennis Club in Spring Hill. A compass-draw format is planned for the
two-day women's and men's doubles competition. Call tournament director Judy
Jeanette at (352) 684-4321 with any questions.

- Fax tennis information to Nancy Morgan at (727) 445-4119.


LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

Racket smuggling children to USA using fake families busted

BYLINE: Arun Dev

SECTION: BENGALURU

LENGTH: 564 words


BENGALURU: A thriving racket of allegedly smuggling Indian children to the USA,
operating out of Bengaluru was busted the city police claimed on Monday. At
least 32 children have been smuggled to USA by the gang and 16 persons are
currently in police custody.

The gang, with tentacles spread across the country, allegedly obtained US visas
to children using fake parents and fake documents. The couples would take the
children to the USA and return to India within days, leaving the kids behind.

The arrested though includes only one couple.

During the initial interrogation of the kingpin of the gang 44-year-old Uday
Prathap Singh, has claimed that the racket was all about reuniting children of
illegal immigrants living in the US with their parents.

Police though are not ready to believe his claims and are probing further to
explore if these children were being trafficked by child trafficking gangs or
organ harvesters. So far no information is available on the whereabouts of the
smuggled children.

The 16 people were arrested in coordinated raids across the city in the wee
hours of Monday. The arrests were a culmination of a year-long investigation
that began with a tipoff to Bengaluru police.

A special investigation team was formed after the information was given to cops
and over the months 16 couples were under watch. It was found that most of them
returned to India within a couple of days of going to the US, after spending
large amounts of money on visa and airfare.

Investigators soon unraveled a network of agents staying in Gujarat, Bihar, UP
and other states before being led to the kingpin. "The agents brought minor
children to Bengaluru where they were paired with couples who feigned to be
their parents. The children were put up in the houses of these couples. The
racketeers trained the children and couples on how to conduct themselves as
members of the same family," P Harishekaran, additional commissioner, law and
order, (East) said.

Even as the training was under way, another leg of the racket prepared documents
like rental agreements, birth certificates, voter ID cards and ration cards and
applied for passports to these fake family members, he added.

After obtaining passports through fraudulent methods, these documents were sent
to another team in Tamil Nadu for non-immigration B1/B2 visa from the US
consulate in Chennai to these members of fake families.

On receiving temporary visas, the fake families, mostly comprising two or three
children, would leave to the USA. While the children would stay back, the
purpose of which is under investigations, the couples would return to Bengaluru
within a week.

Police officers said that there were will be more arrests in the case soon, as
more than 32 children have been smuggled and it is unlikely that same parents
would travel twice. Police said that more interrogation would take place during
the week to get more clarity on the case.

US Consulate General Chennai officials said that they working closely with
police in the investigation of the case. "While we cannot comment on the course
of ongoing investigations, the U.S. Consulate General Chennai takes seriously
all allegations of fraudulent visa applications and we are working closely with
Bengaluru authorities regarding this alleged human smuggling ring," said the
spokesperson of US Consulate General Chennai.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 January 28, 2000, Friday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

USF men's tennis off to sluggish start

BYLINE: ROD GIPSON

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; BULLS SPOTLIGHT; SPORTS ON CAMPUS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 469 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



The 2000 version of the USF men's tennis team has plenty of familiar names from
last year, but judging by its opening weekend of play, that's where the
similarities might stop.

A team that a year ago went 22-5, advanced to the second round of the NCAA
tournament and sent a doubles tandem to the national championships, USF began
this season with mixed results.

Playing at last weekend's Rice Invitational in Houston, the Bulls had just two
individual players advance to the second round - where both were eliminated. In
doubles play, no USF teams advanced in Flight A and just one in Flight B.

But two things need to be taken into consideration. One: the event was at the
Houston Racquet Club, an indoor facility. USF practices and plays the majority
of its events outdoors on hard courts. Two: the event does not count toward
regular-season records or statistics. For those reasons, USF coach Don Barr said
he is not overly concerned.

"Indoors plays different. It is more of the serve-and-volley game, so I think
we'll be okay," said Barr, going into seventh year as head coach. "It was the
first match and they had some jitters."

Nervous or not, the Bulls struggled early.

Senior No. 1 player Fabio Tintori and Nadim Naser advanced to the second round
in individual play but each lost there.

Tintori, seeded fourth in the 32-player Flight A competition, fell 7-6, 1-6, 6-2
in the second round to Cody Hubbell of Texas A&M. Naser, meanwhile, split his
matches in Flight B, losing in the semifinals.

The first round was even tougher on Bulls players Boris Babic, Aleks Popovic,
Jit Shah, Evan Pinther, Ernest Diaz and Eric Gildhorn, who all lost their first
matches.

Tintori, Babic and Popovic posted a combined 58-11 record in individual matches
last season.

But Barr can take solace in the play of Gildhorn and several other Bulls in the
consolation rounds.

Gildhorn, a sophomore from Aruba, turned in the Bulls' top performance, winning
three of five matches to reach the consolation final of Flight B. Gildhorn was
beaten 6-3, 6-2 by Florida State's Rodrigo Raub in the final.

Gildhorn defeated Lamar's Nebojsa Murisic, UT-San Antonio's Todd Petty and
Louisiana-Lafayette's Michael Ray Pallares.

In other consolation play, Babic reached the semifinals in Flight A while Shah
and Pinther won the Flight B consolation final.

Barr viewed his team's play as slightly above average but said work still needed
to be done. It will that chance this weekend in Knoxville, Tenn., at the
O'Charley's Invitational. Competing against players from Virginia Tech, Virginia
Commonwealth and Tennessee, USF will again have to deal with an indoor surface.

Competition on outdoor courts will have to wait another week when USF travels to
Miami to play Tulane and the host Hurricanes Feb. 5 and 6.


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 22, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

SPORTS BOOKSHELF

BYLINE: Sal Ruibal

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 386 words


BOOKS: Business and golf go together like love and marriage (but don't tell that
to Donald Trump). The two favorite pastimes of the upper-middle class now have a
book all their own: The MBA School of Golf, by Richard J. Nolan ($ 12.95, Hidden
Trail Publishing Co.). This slightly wacky little book - 135 quick pages - is a
technocrats' guide to better swings. Instead of tips on keeping your head down,
Nolan asks the reader to visualize what kind of golfer IBM would make. The
book's highlight is an ''Ishikawa Diagram for the Golf Swing'' that has 52
elements and more arrows than Custer's Last Stand. It's probably harmless, but
Cybervision it ain't.

MAGAZINES: Sports Illustrated plays catch-up with the rest of the world in its
Feb. 26 issue with a cover story on - guess who? - Buster Douglas. Also in SI: a
look at the wear and tear on Wayne Gretzky and the hurtin' Atlanta Hawks.

- Golf has a full bag for March. In addition to The 1990 Golf Club Buyers'
Guide, the issue offers a dozen of the best golf tips of all time. Our favorite:
Cure a shank by placing a raw egg one-half inch from the toe of the club when
addressing the ball. Splat! Editor George Peper's ''18 Holes with Bryant
Gumbel'' tells us more about Peper than about the recalcitrant Gumbel.

- Tennis has great news for Roseanne's John Goodman: The mag has declared the
'90s as the Wide-Body Decade. The product-oriented March issue features new
ratings for 75 racquets, an analysis of how wide-bodies work for you (racquets,
that is) and a reader-friendly list of racquet makers' addresses and phone
numbers. On the how-to side, there's a nice piece on how to play with a
wide-body racquet and some workout pointers from a trainer of top pros.

- Ski's March issue takes you to the ''Lost Continent of Antarctica'' for some
schussing. Gee, we didn't know it was missing. Also, skiing is better the second
time around for the fiftysomething crowd.

- So you want to learn how to sail or golf? There is a summer school for you.
The March/April issue of Men's Health lists nationwide summer schools for all
sorts of sports.

- February's Backpacker magazine takes readers on a tour of the seasons' best
offers: where to best see bird migration in spring, beluga whales in summer,
caribou in fall and trumpeter swans in winter.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports Bookshelf; Sportstalk

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Park Record (Park City, Utah)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 27, 2009 Saturday

Recreation panelists wanted: People who serve on the board will have role in
Racquet Club designs

BYLINE: Jay Hamburger, Park Record, Park City, Utah

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 369 words


Jun. 27--Park City is accepting applications from people who want to serve on
the Recreation Advisory Board, a panel that holds some influence on the Racquet
Club, parks and other facilities.

Three terms are expiring on the seven-person board. They are now held by Matt
Brown, Jennifer Franklin and Kathy Kahn.

Applications are due by July 8 at 5 p.m.

The Recreation Advisory Board will hold a significant role in upcoming talks
about the Racquet Club. A major renovation of the Park Meadows facility is
planned. The panel will likely hold extensive discussions about the renovation
details in the coming months.

Mayor Dana Williams and the Park City Council recently set aside $10.5 million
for the redo of the Racquet Club. With the money approved for the renovation,
the Recreation Advisory Board will probably talk about what features will be
included in the redone facility.

Meanwhile, Ken Fisher, who manages City Hall's Recreation Department, said the
board will also hold discussions about Creekside Park, which officials plan to
build off Holiday Ranch Loop Road close to the dirt jump park.

He also said the Recreation Advisory Board will address City Hall's role in the
dog park at Quinn's Junction. The local government built the dog park, but it
has asked a group of users to assist with numerous policy issues. The board is
expected to engage the people using the dog park as policies are crafted.

Recreation Advisory Board members are not paid for their service, but they are
given

privileges at the Racquet Club. They must live within the Park City limits.

Meetings of the board rarely draw significant crowds, but their work involves
numerous topics that are important to Parkites.

Applications are available at the front desk of the Racquet Club. For more
information, call Fisher at 615-5411.

To see more of the Park Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.parkrecord.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Park Record, Park City, Utah
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090627-QE-Recreation-panelists-wanted-0627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QE


                                 Copyright 2009


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             April 25, 2014 Friday
                                  WEB Edition

Letters: Rackets & the known unknown

SECTION: EDITORIAL OPINION; P-com Opinion; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 731 words


THE WONDER is that more Americans are not ticked off about the state of our
country than whatever is happening 10,000 miles away.

For instance, how come the U.S. Department of Justice is not as avid to
prosecute the pervasive racketeering in the U.S. economy as the State Department
is for provoking unnecessary wars in foreign lands on the other side of the
planet, over matters that have little bearing on life here? This racketeering,
by the way, amounts to a war against American citizens.

I'm speaking especially of the U.S. military racket, the banking and finance
rackets, the health-care racket and the college-loan racket, all of which have
evolved insidiously and elegantly to swindle the public in order to support a
claque of American oligarchs.

In other civilized lands, health care and college are considered the
highest-priority public goods (i.e., responsibilities of government), and
national resources are applied to support them under the theory that bankrupting
people for an appendectomy or a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering is
not in the public interest. In our land, that would be considered "socialism."

Instead, we "socialize" the costs of supporting Too Big To Fail banks - so that
their employees can drive Beemers to their Hamptons summer-house parties - and a
military machine that goes around the world wrecking one country after another
to support a parasitical class of contractors, lobbyists and bought-off
politicians in their northern Virginia McMansions.

Hence, the laughable conceit pinging through the news media lately that some
dynastic grifter, like Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton, will slide into the White
House in 2016 as easily as a watermelon seed popped into a shot glass. I don't
think it's going to work out that way. The U.S. political system needs to be
turned upside down and inside out, and I expect that it will be. Either it
happens within the bounds of electoral politics, or you'll see it playing out in
the streets and the windswept plains.

Just a glance around the U.S. these days ought to nauseate the casual observer.
We have an infrastructure for everyday life that is failing in every way
imaginable. Are you disturbed by the asteroid belts of vacant strip malls
outside your town? Or the empty store fronts along your Main Street? What do you
suppose these places will be like in 10 years, when the mirage of shale oil
dissolves in a mist of disappointment and political grievance?

How are Americans going to feel, do you suppose, when gasoline just isn't there
at a price they can pay, and they are marooned in delaminating,
strand-board-and-vinyl houses 23 miles away from anything? Does the sheer
immersive ugliness of the human imprint on the American landscape not give you
the shivers?

Look at the pathetic and disgusting appearance of our cities, which for the most
part present themselves as demolition-derby arenas or war zones - except the
strongholds of the red-white-and-blue oligarchs: Washington, San Francisco and,
especially, New York: Financialization Central.

What happens at the "magic moment" when Facebook stops being a narcissistic
virtual playground for selfies and becomes a bulletin board for political
revolution? Think that can't happen here? And what if that revolution is a kind
that doesn't appeal to you - say, a revolution of race hatred, or fascist
zealotry, or Marxist gangsterism of the type that took Russia hostage for 70
years?

All this is happening, incidentally, because the supposed best minds in our
nation are paying no attention whatsoever to the most important story of our
lifetime: the winding down of the techno-industrial global economy. It doesn't
really matter anymore why they don't get it. Hubris? Greed? Distraction? Denial?
All that matters is that they can't be depended on, and when that happens
authority loses legitimacy. And when it comes to that, all bets are off.

The disintegration of Ukraine would be best understood by Americans as a mirror
of ourselves and our sclerotic republic, poised to sink into poverty and
disorder. Everything we do and say rings hollow now. What used to be called The
Establishment has run out of ways to even pretend to save itself. We have no
idea what's next, but it's not going to be more of what's been.

James Howard Kunstler is the author of The Long Emergency, the World Made by
Hand novels and many other books.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            July 14, 2004 Wednesday

Squads to take shot at regional titles

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 918 words


Five women's teams and four men's squads begin competition Friday at Naples Bath
and Tennis Club in the USA Tennis Florida West Regional Championships.

Winners advance to the Aug. 13-15 state tournament in Daytona Beach with hopes
of qualifying for the national.

The west regional includes 20 women's teams divided in five skill levels and 22
men's squads in four. The championships include five of the 19 districts in
Florida's tennis association and ranges from Naples to Tampa. Representing
Pinellas in the women's division will be St. Petersburg Country Club 2.5,
Countryside Country Club 3.0, Renaissance Vinoy 3.5, Royal Racquet Club 4.0 and
Treasure Bay 4.5. In men's play are McMullen 3.0, Racquet Club 3.5, Seminole
Lake Tennis Center 4.0 and Treasure Bay 4.5.

"The big thing is to be tournament tough, because it's going to be hot down
there," Seminole 4.0 men's captain Red McGarry said.

"Through the season, we've had the benefit of about five players to fill our two
singles positions and five good doubles teams," he said. "Playing four matches
in Naples, we'll especially need the depth in singles."

McGarry credits Jeff Mars with some key performances and Brian Cooper, who is
7-1. Lou Scaglione and Mike Hooper also are expected to see singles action.
Doubles combinations may include Cooper and Hooper, Scott Chambers and Dave
Heeder, Todd Legault and Greg Burke, Don Kirby and Ken McWilliams and Hooper and
Steve Baccich.

"Gary Lucke and I may team up or Hooper or Cooper," McGarry said. "Our first
match, we'll play by the computer results we've found on our opponent. After
that, we'll rely on our scouting reports, which we used last year and were quite
effective."

Treasure Bay faces Sarasota, Tampa and Naples in the 4.5 women's division.

"Our team was kind of last minute, although most of the girls know one another,"
Treasure Bay 4.5 captain Angie Lucke said. "It was difficult in the season to
have regular teams, and we had to mix up due to everyone's availability."

Treasure Bay's 4.5 men are strong in singles and have depth in doubles, says
captain Steve Talner. Scheduled to see doubles action are Ron Wiser and Michael
Erbe, Mark Taylor and Jim Dundee and brothers Paul and Steve Reilly, with others
expected to mix in.

Suzanne Berns says continuity is the key for Vinoy's 3.5 women's team, which is
taking 11 players to regionals.

Though the 2.5 level has been around a while, this is the county's first time to
qualify a team for regional competition.

St. Petersburg Country Club will play Marco Island and Punta Gorda in
round-robin action. The team with the best record receives a state berth.

The Racquet Club's 3.5 men face Sarasota on Friday, followed by Tampa and Naples
on Saturday. The final match is Sunday with Fort Myers.

"I've been surprised at how well we've done, winning our division and then the
playoffs," Racquet Club captain Bob Steele said.

"Everybody has contributed at some point in the season and in some different
combinations. Many of us have experience at the next level, and we hope that
will help us in Naples," he said.

COMBO LEAGUE: The Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club 7.5 women's team had a 4-1
record entering Tuesday's match with East Lake Woodlands. In the 8.5 division,
Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club (3-1) is second to Royal Racquet Club
(4-0).

Among the men, Shipwatch II raised its mark to 4-1 in the 7.5 class with a 2-1
win over Renaissance Vinoy. Les Gustin and Pete Mosher and Tim Kahle and Alan
Smith posted straight-set wins for Shipwatch. Nga Duong and Glenn Goldberg won
for Vinoy. In 6.5 play, the Vinoy's 2-1 victory over Largo Tennis Center
improved its record to 4-1. Vinoy wins were produced by Ward Beightol and Tom
Gaffney and Jim and John Matson. Shane Talbert and Joe Campbell scored Largo's
only point.

PROS PLAY: Jeff Davis won the men's 45 singles title in last weekend's USPTA
Grand Prix at Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club. Bardmoor member Jamie Otts
took the women's open round robin. Former Renaissance Vinoy teaching pro Gewan
Maharaj reached the men's 50 singles final and teamed with Greg Wheaton to win
the 45 doubles over Kevin Manning and Mike Carrigan. Adrian Pagani was a
finalist in men's open singles.

NET SHOTS: Among the singles winners in the Countryside Summer NTRP competition
were Courtney Rogers (4.0 division), Sharon Dehnel (3.5) and Rachel Mayhew
(3.0). Doubles champs included Gerry Waller and Skip Rath (men's 3.5).

+ Unseeded Nicholas Gallauer played past the boys 16-and-under competition to
win the final in straight sets over No. 6 Philip McQuade in last weekend's Royal
Summer Super Series. Tara Vafadari reached the girls 16 title match. Caitlin
Jammo and Veronica Gil captured the 16 doubles.

+ Robert Dvorak defended his top seed with a 6-4, 6-4 final victory in the boys
10 division of last weekend's Spectacular Super Series at Seminole Lake Tennis
Center. Dvorak's sister, Emily, a top seed, won the 12 title in straight sets
and joined Belleair's Kara Kucin to capture the doubles crown. Brandon Anandan
reached the boys 14 singles final and won doubles with Devan Maharaj of Punta
Gorda. Rebecca Bodine and Tampa's Jennifer Miller won the girls 14 doubles
championship.

COMING UP: Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club has the Treasure Island Junior
Championships beginning Saturday for players 18-and-under. For information, call
367-5479. Summer Classic Too is July 24-26 at Safety Harbor's Phil Green Tennis
Academy. Call 724-7729.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    May 7, 1994, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

KIDS CARNIVAL TO INTRODUCE TEAM TENNIS

BYLINE: Ron Cobb

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 467 words

RON COBB COLUMN


St. Louis' best players are coming to the Dwight Davis Center d next Saturday
for a tennis carnival that will help area fans get accustomed to team tennis.

Two teams will square off in the same format the St. Louis Aces will use for
World TeamTennis matches this summer.

The match will be part of a national "Tennis Across America" day, organized
locally by Ginny Wilhelm, Mario Barretto and Aces coach Rick Flach along with
the local chapter of the U.S. Professional Tennis Association.

The Dunlop Demons will consist of Terry Ward and Kim Steinmetz, from Town &
Country Racquet Club; Maria Steinbach and Tim Noonan, of Frontenac Racquet Club;
Toby Clark, the St. Louis District's No. 1 player last year; and Mark Smith, a
new pro at Creve Coeur Racquet Club.

The Wilson Whalers will have Town & Tennis' Flach, Town & Country's Kelly
Stahlhuth, Frontenac's Chris Gillis (ranked No. 1 in 1992), Forest Lake's Pat
Glaunert, former touring pro Felicia Hutnick and Washington University's Rich
Berens.

The event is free of charge and will begin at 1 p.m. with games and activities
for youngsters, including a fast-serve contest and an accuracy contest. The pros
will be stationed on various courts, and prizes will be awarded.

The team match will follow at 3.

The WTT format works like this: five sets of no-ad scoring, with men's and
women's singles and doubles and mixed doubles. Each game counts toward the final
score.

An overtime system gives teams a chance to rally from large deficits. If the
team that is trailing wins the final set, overtime ensues until (a) the leading
team wins another game or (b) the trailing team ties the score.

In the case of (b), a 13-point supertie-breaker is played to determine the
winning team.

Elsewhere: Sunset Tennis Center's 14th annual Little Sprout tournament, one of
the biggest events on the junior calendar, has its finale this weekend at Dwight
Davis. Sponsored by Head Sports and The Racket Man, the tournament has entries
from 10 states. Matches begin at 9 a.m. today S and Sunday.

Four players in each division made it through qualifying last weekend to join
this weekend's 16-player field. The top seeds:

Girls 12s: 1, Sarah Suitor, Paducah, Ky.; 2, Kelly McCain, Springfield, Ill.; 3,
Heather Saluri, Des Moines, Iowa; 4, Megan Bradley, Columbia, Mo. (daughter of
former Mizzou quarterback Phil Bradley).

Boys 12s: 1, Brent Steven, Wichita, Kan.; 2, Kevin Otto, Springfield, Mo.; 3,
Eric Erb, St. Louis; 4, Lance Vodicka, St. Louis.

Girls 14s: 1, Jenny Hopkins, Leawood, Kan.; 2, Jennifer Vaughn, Jefferson City;
3, Kristi Watson, Prairie Village, Kan.; 4, Melissa Iqbal, St. Louis.

Boys 14s:   1. Jon Navarro, St. Louis; 2. Mike Sivore, St. Louis; 3. Michael
Laycob, St. Louis; 4. Grant Edwards, St. Louis.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 13, 1993, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SHRIVER, WADE TO COMPETE AT HALL OF FAME EVENT HERE

BYLINE: Ron Cobb

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 465 words

RON COBB TENNIS COLUMN


Pam Shriver and Virginia Wade, who have hoisted a few Grand Slam trophies in
their time, will be the celebrity players at the annual Hall of Fame Festival on
May 1 at the Triple A Club.

Shriver and Wade will participate in exhibition matches along with Cliff
Buchholz, Jim Parker and St. Louis Country Club pro Dick Johnson.

Buchholz, Parker and Nina Brown Hamilton will be inducted later that day into
the St. Louis Tennis Hall of Fame. Brown, like Shriver and Wade, is a former
Wightman Cup player.

Shriver, 30, reached the U.S. Open at age 16 in 1978. She has won 21 singles
titles and 90 doubles titles (including 22 Grand Slams) on the professional
circuit. She and Martina Navratilova formed what many consider to be the best
women's doubles team in history.

Wade, 47, spent her youth in South Africa before returning to her native
England. She won the first U.S. Open, in 1968, and capped her career by winning
Wimbledon in 1977. She also won the Australian Open and four Grand Slam doubles
titles.

Elsewhere: Terry Ward, former head pro at Frontenac Racquet Club and Old Warson
Country Club, is the new general manager at Town & Country Racquet Club. He
succeeds Gene Fluri, who had been with the club since it opened in 1976. Fluri
will pursue a career as a stockbroker.

Ward will look into expanding a teaching staff that now consists of pros Tom
Fluri and Kelly Stahlhuth. Ward, formerly the city's top-ranked player, also
plans to give lessons after he gets settled as general manager.

He had been looking forward to 1993, his first year in the 35-and-over division,
but now he says he's not sure his work load will make it feasible for him to
enter the USTA National Men's 35 Indoor in May at Town & Country.

Chris Gillis, the city's top-ranked player, is the new pro at Westborough
Country Club, replacing Curt Lemley, who has moved to California.

St. Louisan Clarence Earnhardt is the new Missouri Valley chairman of umpires..

Mary Rumbaoa won the girls 18s Pre-Endorser last weekend at West Chester.  Other
qualifiers for this spring's Endorser: Melissa Feeney, Amy Michael, Christine
Black, Marka Matthews, Jan Thomas, Sara Mullenix and Amy Axtell.

Brianna Lynch won the girls 16s. Other qualifiers: Sarah Hardimon, Allison
Flynn, Melanie Roberts, Kim Mulherin, Jill Aboussie, Joann Moolsintong and
Elissa Udell.

Annie Goodrich won the girls 12s at Sunset Tennis Center. Other qualifiers:
Aleke Tsoubanos, Yelina Podorazhansky, Mindy Winter, Kristy Wohlford, Annie
Menees, Lindsay Sullivan and Marie Ave-Lallemant.

Grant Edwards won the boys 12s. Other qualifiers: Chris Tkach, Matt Jesse, Adam
Mandel, Josef Clark, Lance Vodicka, Eric Erb and Bobby Menees.

The boys and girls 14s Pre-Endorser is this weekend at Sunset.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Lesson learned for Shapovalov; TEEN TIRADE: His act of angst will live on in
lowlight reels, but Canadian will recover

BYLINE: Wayne Scanlan, The Province

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A45

LENGTH: 692 words


The Atlanta Falcons weren't the only ones blindsided Sunday.

It also happened to a Davis Cup umpire at TD Place in Ottawa.

We can't accuse umpire Arnaud Gabas of taking his eye off the ball, because the
play was dead when Canadian Denis Shapovalov pulled a ball from his pocket and
smashed it angrily - accidentally striking Gabas just beneath his left eye.

There was visible swelling around the eye, but Gabas calmly announced the
Shapovalov default before being taken to hospital for evaluation. According to
the International Tennis Federation, Gabas did not suffer eye damage, though he
will have a followup appointment with his own eye doctor in France.

As quickly as the ball reached the umpire, Shapovalov's right hand came to his
own mouth to signal his mortification and disbelief over what just happened.

The result was dropping the deciding singles match to Kyle Edmund (6-3, 6-4,
2-1) to deliver Great Britain a 3-2 win in this Davis Cup tie. The Brits advance
to the World Group quarter-finals, while Canada faces the circuitous route of
World Group playoffs in September.

On Monday, Shapovalov was fined US$7,000 for his actions. He would have been
docked US$10,000 had his foul been ruled intentional. It was hardly that. The
young man apologized unconditionally to the umpire and to Canadian teammates
Sunday and again, with feeling, on Twitter Monday for his "unprofessional
behaviour." He could not have been more remorseful.

Everyone remembers what it was like to be 17 and a little ticked off.
Fortunately, most of us didn't have to worry about a fit of pique on the field
of play ending up on YouTube or sports channel lowlight reels for years to come.

So there is some sympathy for this teenager from Richmond Hill, Ont., acting
like, well, a teenager.

Shapovalov probably shouldn't have been thrown into the pressure boiler of a
Davis Cup tie, either - last year's fresh-faced Wimbledon junior champ, cap on
backwards, up against seasoned adult players. It only happened because Milos
Raonic, Canada's best singles player, was injured and unable to compete. That
left Vasek Pospisil to fill in for Raonic, which he did, heroically.

Shapovalov then took on Pospisil's role as No. 2 in singles and it was a lot to
ask of the kid.

Plus, can everyone just stop smashing rackets and/or hammering tennis balls in
disgust? Let's drop punching bags beyond the baseline for venting purposes.

YouTube videos spilleth over with tantrums captured on camera. Some of the rants
carry on so long the angry player has time to change moods, never mind his
racket.

One of the most popular racket-smashing episodes occurred at the 2012 Australian
Open when Marcos Baghdatis systematically destroyed four rackets. The last two
were still in their plastic wrap, hundreds of dollars of preciously crafted
tennis tools smashed to bits.

It was comical. Fans cheering wildly, an umpire uttering a "racket abuse
warning," which caused Baghdatis to break out in a grin.

But even the best and brightest have smashed rackets, from Novak Djokovic to the
normally serene and cerebral Roger Federer.

Umpires and tennis linesmen occasionally get in the line of fire. At the Queen's
Club Championships in 2012, David Nalbandian of Argentina lashed out after
losing a point in the final, kicking down a Nike advertising board at the side
of the court. The top edge of the board cut into a line judge's shin, causing
blood to run down his leg onto his bright white socks. Nalbandian was
disqualified. All things considered, Shapovalov's errant, unlucky ball smash
could have been worse.

He could have been winning this match, but was well on his way to defeat anyway.

He could have been at Centre Court in Wimbledon and accidentally picked off
Queen Elizabeth II, making a rare courtside appearance.

He could have been an older player beyond reform, instead of a promising young
player who truly is sorry and has a chance to learn from his mistake.

Hopefully the next time Mr. Shapovalov strikes a tennis ball toward the stands,
it will be a playful lob to the crowd, celebrating a well-earned victory.
wscanlan@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images Files; Denis Shapovalov of Canada reacted in horror
immediately after accidentally hitting head referee Arnaud Gabas in the face
with a tennis ball during Shapovalov's Davis Cup match with Kyle Edmund of Great
Britain Sunday, and has apologized profusely since.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 11, 1996, Tuesday

Crescent Oaks wins Future League

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: NEW PORT RICHEY



The Future Champions League completed its second season last month and  crowned
Crescent Oaks the team champion.

"We did well, especially since this was the first time for all of us,"  said
Johanna Garwood, captain of the team. "We hope to do as well next year.  The
league is going to be bigger and divide into two divisions, so we'll be in  the
top one."

The FCL was formed last year by Bob Butterfield, tennis director at East  Lake
Woodlands, to provide competition for women beginning to play on teams.

In all, eight teams participated - four from East Lake Woodlands, three  from
Countryside Country Club, and Crescent Oaks.

Player levels range from 2.5 to 3.5-minus based on National Tennis Rating
Program guidelines. Each team consists of six doubles positions.

Playing for Crescent Oaks were Marilyn Linker and Dori English in No. 1;
Caroline Murphy and Kathie Heintz, No. 2; Ruth Morgan and Martha Gray, No. 3;
Sally Moir and Jane Wilborn, No. 4; Ruth Jackson and various substitutes in  the
absence of Garwood, No. 5; and Ellie Paladine and Jean Solo, No. 6.

"For most of us, this is our primary time to play," said Garwood.  "Unlike USTA
play when we need to substitute players, we fill in with other  players and not
mix up players in the designated positions."

CRESCENT OAKS JUNIORS: Kerri Goldberg, Nicki Days, Natalie Lyman and Jason
Ricci produced an undefeated season in the Pinellas-Pasco division of the
K-Swiss junior tennis league among teams from Safety Harbor Spa, Countryside
and East Lake. In last month's K-Swiss playoffs, Crescent Oaks defeated
Hillsborough division champion Northdale of Tampa 48 games to 24. Betty  Langdon
was the adult volunteer captain.

ADULT LEAGUE PLAYOFFS: U.S. Tennis Association District 12 playoffs began  last
weekend. In the women's 3.5 division, Countryside defeated Innisbrook 4-1  and
East Lake beat Bardmoor 4-1. This Saturday, Innisbrook hosts East Lake and
Bardmoor hosts Countryside.

Against Countryside, Sue Lovett and Debbie McGinley were the only winners  for
Innisbrook.

East Lake's 4.0 women's team edged McMullen 3-2, with three matches needing
three sets to determine the winner. Saturday, East Lake hosts McMullen.

The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg clinched the men's 4.5 district title  with a
decisive 5-0 win over Belleview Mido. Earlier, the Racquet Club  eliminated
Royal Racquet Club 4-1.

In the men's 3.5 competition, the Racquet Club beat a Dunedin team and East
Lake Woodlands defeated a second Dunedin team. This weekend, the Racquet Club
plays the second Dunedin team and East Lake plays the first. The playoffs are
to be completed June 22.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             June 23, 1992 Tuesday

TENNIS POWER GAME UNDER FIRE

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: AAPSPORT

LENGTH: 703 words


one line 67picas Tennis power game under fire DALLAS: No tennis venue is more
hallowed than Wimbledon's All England Club but some traditionalists say modern
trends are destroying the sport's oldest, most coveted event. John Lloyd and
Jimmy Connors are among those who say racquet technology and taller, stronger,
fitter players have made power too important, the serve too big, the points too
short and the matches too similar, especially during the Wimbledon fortnight.
They recall the 1991 Wimbledon final matching big servers Boris Becker, a
three-time champion, and his eventual conquerer Michael Stich. Fewer than 20
points in the first two sets involved more than a serve-return-volley
combination. The average point lasted 2.7 seconds. ""Wimbledon is a disgrace
now," Lloyd said. ""You don't have one rally in the whole bloody tournament."
Said Connors: ""It's changed the game for the worse." American David Wheaton, a
surprise Wimbledon semi-finalist last year, questions the need to limit
technology or to change the court surface, ball specifications or rules. Wheaton
is among the players and observers who contend tennis has evolved naturally into
its current state. He sees no reason for changes to weaken the serve or stunt
tennis' growth. ""I don't think it needs it," Wheaton said after German Markus
Zoecke served him off the court 6-1, 6-2 during the Lipton International Players
Championships. ""Markus' best shot is his serve," he said. ""Why should you take
that away? Should you take away Jim Courier's forehand? That's just not fair."
Wimbledon's fast grass always has favored the big server, so concerns about
increasing speed surface there. Centre Court at the All England Club is slick
under the best of circumstances. After two weeks of wearing down most of the
grass surface, the finals are played on what is considered the fastest surface
anywhere. The speed of the game was the topic of an Association of Tennis
Professionals forum held during the Lipton in Key Biscayne, Florida. Current and
former players, racquet and ball manufacturers, court builders and medical
experts provided insight into various factors which affect speed. Graphite
racquets, with larger heads and larger sweet spots, produce more power. Further,
players are taller. Nine of the top 10 players are at least 1.83m, compared to
four in 1973. The result: 88 percent of today's points are won by big servers
compared to 50 percent in the 1970s and 80s, according to television commentator
Cliff Drysdale, who moderated the ATP forum. In Stuttgart, Germany, last
February, Goran Ivanisevic delivered 105 aces en route to the championship,
including 32 in the four-set final against Stefan Edberg. While everyone agreed
the game has become faster, there was no consensus at the forum that speed has
harmed tennis _ or what to do if it has. Racquet technology proved a moot point
because professional tennis would have no legal means to restrict technology.
Besides, most of the world's top 50 men's players do not use the more powerful,
wide-body racquets. They prefer mid-size graphites, which balance power with
control. None of the men who advanced to the Wimbledon semi-finals last year
used wide-bodies. As for court surfaces, builders said fast courts can be slowed
by adding extra sand to the mix. Several rule changes were discussed at the
forum, specifically related to the serve. Servers could be: limited to one
serve, required to stand two feet behind the baseline or required to keep both
feet on the ground. The net could be raised or the court's dimensions changed.
No one favoured such drastic changes, especially representatives of the women's
game. Medical experts said slower hard courts could contribute to more leg
injuries. Texas Christian University tennis coach Tut Bartzen worries that power
may limit the number of people who can play tennis. As with professional
basketball and football, Bartzen fears smaller, weaker players may be weeded
out. ""Little guys have to be faster and rely more on finesse and placement than
a big, strong guy," he said. ""Whether the little guy can survive in this
environment, I don't know." So far, Michael Chang has held his own without a big
serve.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF GRAPH SHOWING THE EVOLUTION OF THE TENNIS RAQUET, SHOWING
RACQUETS THAT WHERE USED IN THE 1930S, 1967 AND THE 1980S, SOURCE: ALL ENGLAND
LAWN TENNIS MUSEUM

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 12, 1989, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

TEAMTENNIS at a glance

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 245 words


Domino's Pizza TEAMTENNIS serves up its fifth season beginning today with eight
teams vying for the championship. Team rosters, home playing sites and home
openers. CHARLOTTE HEAT Team: Cammy MacGregor, Larry Stefanki, Cynthia
MacGregor, Sherwood Stewart. Coach: Stewart. Home site: Olde Providence Racquet
Club. Home opener: Thursday vs.  Los Angeles. FRESNO SUN-NETS Team: Sandy
Collins, Clinton Banducci, Elly Hakami, Jean Fleurian. Coach: Virginia Brown.
Home site: Sierra Sport and Racquet Club. Home opener: Thursday vs. Portland.
LOS ANGELES STRINGS Team: Lise Gregory, Roger Smith, Anne Minter, John Lloyd.
Coach: Lloyd. Home site: The Forum. Home opener: Tuesday vs. New Jersey. NEW
JERSEY STARS Team: Tracy Austin, John Austin, Shawn Stafford, Bill Scanlon.
Coach: Asim Sengun. Home site: Center Court Tennis Club, Chatham. Home opener:
Thursday vs. Wellington. PORTLAND PANTHERS Team: Ronni Reis, Mike DePalmer Jr.,
Anne Smith, Andy Kohlberg. Coach: Mike DePalmer Sr. Home site: Tualatin Hills
Park & Recreation District Tennis Center. Home opener: Saturday vs. Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO CAPITALS Team: Sophie Amiach, Greg Holmes, Molly Van Nostrand, Robert
Van't Hof. Coach: Larry Willens. Home site: Gold River Racquet Club. Home
opener: Today vs. Portland. SAN ANTONIO RACQUETS Team: Elna Reinach, Gary
Donnelly, Monica Reinach, Eddie Edwards. Coach: Karl Combes. Home site: McFarlin
Tennis Center. Home opener: Today vs. Charlotte. WELLINGTON ACES Team: Heather
Ludloff, Joey Rive, Kathy Rinaldi, Blaine Willenborg. Coach: Andy Brandi. Home
site: Wellington Club, Wellington, Fla. Home opener: Friday vs. Los Angeles.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Accompanies; Austin, Rinaldi make tennis league debut

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 5, 2015 Saturday

Florida Tennis Center launches 10U program

BYLINE: Linda Weaver, Linda Weaver Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 363  words


DAYTONA BEACH - A Tennis Kickoff Fall Festival at the Florida Tennis Center
introduced its 10 and Under Developmental Program, which is under the direction
of Jacqueline Johnson of Ormond Beach.

"We follow the USTA 10 and Under Developmental Program," said Johnson. "It's
about agility, balance and coordination and it's all game based."

Johnson, who is new to the center, has been teaching tennis at the Nova
Community Center in Ormond Beach since 2006. She taught tennis for two years at
Temple Bethel prior to Nova, when tennis adaptations were not common.

"Tennis stayed to tradition. Basketball took off with modified equipment and now
we're joining in," she said. "When I taught at Temple Bethel years ago, I put a
string across a cone so if they could not get over, they would get under. Tennis
has finally caught up."

The "modified equipment" is outlined through the United States Tennis
Association. An introduction level plays on a court which is 36-feet by 18-feet,
uses red foam or felt balls and a racket 19 to 23 inches. In the development
level, the court is 60-feet by 21- feet and the racket is 23 to 25 inches. The
refine level is played on a full 78-foot court with 25 to 27 inch rackets.

"As they get taller and bigger, the courts and the rackets get bigger," said
Johnson. "We create a nice pathway for the kids, so they can enjoy it like
adults do."

The program also has changed, explained Johnson, where the children no longer
run laps as a warm up. They do activity to music.

"We try to make it where the kids are there to have fun," said Johnson. "We try
to make them more athletic so they can play whatever sport they want, not just
tennis. We don't want tennis to be their only sport, just their favorite sport."

The center offers developmental classes at 3:30, 4:30, 5:30 and 6:30 p.m.
Tuesday through Friday for two six-week sessions this fall. They also have a
mini three-week session and two play dates.

Johnson also coordinates after school Kids' Clubs, which provides tennis
instruction at Pine Trail, Pathways and Tomoka elementary schools. The event is
sponsored by the Florida Tennis Center Foundation and the USTA. For information,
call 386-671-8906.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2015 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2015 News-Journal Corporation


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 8, 2015 Monday

Racquet club ready for comeback

BYLINE: Jaymie Baxley, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


June 08--LUMBERTON -- Elliott Williamson estimates that more than $100,000 has
been poured into the Lumberton Racquet and Swim Club during the past year in an
effort to rejuvenate interest in the 34-year-old facility. Now he is hoping
people will respond by supporting the club.

"We got together and said we can't let this thing go," Williamson said. "We've
made a real investment and we rescued it."

Williamson has served four non-consecutive terms as the club's president since
the early-1990s. Last year, he formed Community Partners of Lumberton LLC to
oversee the facility.

"This place exists because five or six guys who love tennis got together and
built this facility," Williamson said, "do we've come full circle."

The racquet club was founded in 1981 by a group of Lumberton tennis enthusiasts
who"wrote checks and promoted it," according to Williamson.

The facility's longtime tennis instuctor, Roger Martin, was ranked No. 1 in
doubles for the state from 1989 to 2008. He could have easily joined a larger
club, but says the Fayetteville Road facility is his "home."

"I've got a good group of followers here," Martin said. "I've given lessons to
three generations of players now. "

It was beginning to look like there wouldn't be a court left for the fourth
generation. The raquet club currently has about 65 members, a considerable
decrease from the 170 people the facility served during its heyday. Membership
began to dwindle after Southern National Bank shut down its corporate office in
Lumberton as part of a merger with BB&T in 1994.

The merger drove dozens of white collar workers to BB&T's headquarters in
Winston-Salem, and many of them were members of the tennis club.

"We lost about 50 members within a two-month period," Williamson said. "We
didn't think we would survive that one, and we wouldn't have if it weren't for
the generosity of members."

The exodus meant less money was coming into the club, and the facility began to
fall into a state of disrepair.

"The place was falling down," Williamson said.

The renovation of the club was extensive. Its tennis courts were resurfaced and
outfitted with new lines and nets. The clubhouse was modernized, the grounds
were landscaped and new lighting was installed at the freshly painted pool.

The club's 9-foot-deep swimming pool holds 250,000 gallons of saltwater, which
Williamson says is better for a swimmer's skin than chlorinated water. The
facility also features a kiddie pool for smaller swimmers.

Williamson says that membership costs have been slashed to $30 a month in an
effort to drive attendance. He's not worried that charging less money will make
it harder for Community Partners of Lumberton to recover its investment.

"We didn't go into this thing to make money," he said. "It's not a labor for
profit; it's a labor of love."

The Lumberton Racquet Club will be open for the season before the weekend.
Returning members should have plenty of time to soak in all of the upgrades as
the facility's hours of operation have been extended.

The courts and pool are open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Mondays and Wednesdays;
from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays; from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. on
Fridays and Saturdays; and from 1 to 6 p.m. on Sundays.

The Lumberton Racquet Club and Pool is located at 4901 Fayetteville Road in
Lumberton. For information, call 910-739-6060.

Jaymie Baxley can be reached at 910-416-5771 or on Twitter @Jaymie_Baxley.

___ (c)2015 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150608-QK-Racquet-club-ready-for-comeback-0608-20150608

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2015 The Robesonian


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 13, 1994, Thursday

SPORTS SPOTLIGHT Squash not just after-school activity Sandy Springs teen excels
in his lesser-known sport

BYLINE: By David Friedlander STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section H; Page 18

LENGTH: 460 words


A game of squash isn't exactly considered a fun after-school activity for the
average high school senior. But then again, Kevin Orphan isn't the average high
school senior.

The North Springs High School senior has had a lot of fun playing competitive
squash for the past five years and has become quite successful at it, too.

The Sandy Springs resident, the United States Squash Racquet Association
under-15 national champion in 1991, is ranked No. 2 nationally in the USSRA's
under-19 division.

Orphan was also one of only four American squash players to compete in the
Junior Men's World Squash Championships in New Zealand this past summer.

"A lot of people make fun of it," Orphan said, "but it takes a lot of skill, and
it's actually really hard. You have to be a real good athlete. People don't know
what it is because they haven't really seen it in the U.S. In other countries,
it's pretty popular."

Orphan says some people tend to confuse squash with racquetball. But he is more
than happy to explain the differences in the two games to the uneducated.

"First of all, a squash court is 21 feet wide, and a racquetball court is 20
feet wide," Orphan said, "and a squash court is shorter length-wise by a couple
of feet. Also, the squash racquet is like a strong badminton racquet. It's a
little bit longer than a racquetball racquet, but it's stronger. It's made out
of graphite. The squash ball is smaller and doesn't bounce as much as a
racquetball, so you have to sprint to every shot."

Orphan keeps himself in top physical condition with the help of his coach, Tom
Rumpler.

"I'm doing fitness training all the time," Orphan said. "I'm always running or
doing sprint work or whatever just to get ready for tournaments."

That training has served him well since he took up the game as a child. He was
introduced by his father, Nick, at age 9 and became good enough to start playing
competitively by the time he turned 12.

He hopes to compete for some time into the future. His first step is in the
junior division of the U.S. Open at Brown University in Providence, R.I., on
Nov. 5. Then comes the Hunter Lott Junior Nationals at the University of
Pennsylvania in Philadelphia in December.

Further ahead, Orphan hopes to be able to play in college.

"There are a bunch of squash schools," Orphan said, "but most of them are in the
Northeast. It's mainly the Ivy League schools."

Orphan feels he is up to the challenge, both athletically and academically. He
sports a solid B average.

The USSRA also sponsors a professional squash tour, although Orphan isn't sure
if that is in his future plans.

"I'm holding off on that for now," he said. "I'm not sure yet [if a pro career
is in future plans]. It depends how college goes."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942890016

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kevin Orphan is ranked No. 2 nationally in the under-19 age
division. / ERIC WILLIAMS / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 22, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Talbott and Miss McConnell Take Titles

BYLINE: By EDWARD B. FISKE

SECTION: Section C; Page 3, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 528 words


Mark Talbott continued his dominance of men's professional squash racquets
yesterday with a 15-10, 15-9, 15-17, 15-6 victory over Ned Edwards in the final
of the $27,000 Chivas Regal Open at the Uptown Racquet Club in Manhattan.

Earlier yesterday, Alicia McConnell of Brooklyn, a 19-year-old sophomore at the
University of Pennsylvania, easily defeated Gail Ramsey of Brooklyn to capture
the women's professional title, 15-5, 15-8, 15-5.

The men's final, which was the first between two Americans in recent North
American squash racquets history, produced a dazzling display of complex
shot-making and spirited retrieving on the part of both players. In the end,
Talbott proved to be the more consistent.  ''Mark kept the pressure on me all
the time,'' said Edwards afterward. ''I had to cut it too close to try to get
winners, which caused me to make some errors.''

Talbott had the match won at 14-13 in the third game when Edwards mistakenly
thought one of his shots was out-of-bounds and stopped playing, and the referee
awarded the point, and thus the game and match, to Talbott. However, Talbott
requested that the point be replayed, and Edwards, with an awesome display of
raw power, went on to win the game in overtime.

Edwards, ranked No.9 in North America but unseeded for this tournament, had
worked his way into the final with an upset victory in the semifinals over the
second-seeded Michael Desaulniers in a vigorously fought five-set match, 8-15,
15-9, 17-14, 7-15, 15-9.  Edwards had earlier upset the 10-time North American
champion Sharif Khan in straight sets and Mario Sanchez, the defending champion.


5th Title for Talbott

The victory represented the fifth straight men's title this fall for Talbott, a
22-year-old native of Dayton, Ohio, who is the youngest player on the pro tour.
Earlier this fall, he posted victories in Rochester, Philadelphia, Detroit and
Boston over Sharif Khan (twice), Desaulniers and Sanchez.

Clive Caldwell, playing with an oversized racquet, won third place in the men's
competition with a victory over Desaulniers, 15-14, 6-15, 15-10, 15-5.

In the women's division, Nancy Gengler took third place by defeating Marilyn
Shames, 15-6, 7-15, 15-3, 15-10.  Miss McConnell's victory in the women's
division came as no surprise. She is the first player to hold the 18-and-under
collegiate and national women's championships simultaneously, and she had
dropped only one game since she last lost a match to Nina Porter in January
1981. In winning the Chivas Regal, she gave up only 50 points in her four
matches, or just over 4 points a game.

Talbott, whose grandfather built a squash court at the youngster's home, is the
only player who supports himself by tournament winnings. The $5,000 he won
yesterday brought his total this season to $14,000.

Miss McConnell won $1,000 for the women's championship but, as an amateur, she
had it sent to the women's division of the United States Squash Racquets
Association.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  September 8, 1989, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SPORTS SHORTS COLUMN  PHOENIX AND BIG RED FAIL TO AGREE ON NEW STADIUM

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 920 words


PHOENIX, Ariz. - The Phoenix City Council has decided to move ahead with
plansfor a major-league baseball stadium after a deal to have the National
Football League's Phoenix Cardinals move to a proposed dual-purpose, downtown
stadium failed.  City negotiator Paul Meyer said Phoenix and the Cardinals could
not agree by the Wednesday deadline on how much money the city would have to
contribute to the football-baseball facility. The Cardinals wanted $100 million
from the city for the planned $200 million stadium, but city negotiators did not
want to provide any more than $88 million, according to Meyer.  Warrant issued
for ex-Vol: An arrest warrant was issued in Knoxville, Tenn., for former
University of Tennessee standout Tony Robinson after he failed to appear at a
probation revocation hearing. Robinson, 25, was arrested in January 1986 and
charged with a variety of felony cocaine-related offenses.  BOXING Foreman to
fight WBO champ: Unbeaten Italian heavyweight Francesco Damiani, 30, will
receive $1 million - the highest purse ever earned by an Italian boxer - to put
his World Boxing Organization title at stake against American veteran George
Foreman. The Damiani-Foreman bout will be held in January, possibly in the
United States.  Junior lightweight title bout set: Tony Lopez will defend his
International Boxing Federation junior lightweight championship in a rematch
against Juan ''John John'' Molina next month in Sacramento, Calif. The fight is
tentatively scheduled for Saturday, Oct. 7.  PRO BASKETBALL Cavs sign No. 1
draft choice: The Cleveland Cavaliers have signed their first-round choice in
the National Basketball Association draft, John Morton of Seton Hall. The
6-foot-3 guard averaged 17.3 points his senior year at Seton Hall.  Marriage
report on Bulls' Jordan: Chicago Bulls star Michael Jordan was married Saturday
to a Chicago woman, a wedding chapel owner in Las Vegas said.  The Clark County
Marriage License bureau confirmed that a license was taken out in the couple's
names. The marriage couldn't be confirmed with Jordan's representatives and
Jordan could not be reached for comment.  PRO HOCKEY Goalie hurt in pickup game:
Sean Burke, the New Jersey Devils' regular goalie, suffered an injury to his
right knee in a pickup game in Toronto and will miss a week to 10 days of
training camp. Burke underwent exploratory arthroscopic surgery Tuesday that
showed no major damage had been done to the knee.  Beaupre to join Capitals:
Goalie Don Beaupre has signed a contract with the Washington Capitals and plans
to join the rest of the team at training camp at Karlstad, Sweden.  Rangers,
Detroit trade wings: A swap of left wings sent Kris King to the New York Rangers
and Chris McRae to the Detroit Red Wings.  King, 6 foot 3 and 195 pounds, had
168 penalty minutes last season, third highest among the Red Wings. McRae, 24,
was obtained last year from the Toronto Maple Leafs and played the entire season
for Denver of the International Hockey League. The Red Wings also will receive
future considerations.  MISCELLANEOUS America's Cup competitor dies: Three-time
America's Cup competitor Tom Blackaller died when he apparently suffered a heart
attack Thursday while practicing for an auto race at Sears Point International
Raceway in Sonoma, Calif. Blackaller, 52, was not involved in an accident on the
race track.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; AP Photo. Just An Observor--Tracy Austin, two-time winner of the
U.S.  Open, is wielding crutches rather than rackets at this year's tourney.
Austin's right tibia was fractured in a car accident Aug. 3.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          December 11, 1996, Wednesday

Treasure Island team takes Totally Tennis title

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 613 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



Scratch tennis games among themselves, followed by match play in the Totally
Tennis K-Swiss League led the City of Treasure Island Tennis Center's 16B team
to its first team title.

Last weekend, the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg hosted the Totally Tennis
K-Swiss League fall session championships in men's and women's singles and
doubles and junior team competition.

The Treasure Island teenage team defeated Royal Racquet Club in total games
48-42 in two doubles pro set matches and four singles.

"When we started in the league, I tried to prepare them for the  possibility of
both winning and losing," said Phil Girardi, teaching  professional with the
Angelelli World of Tennis. "It was to be our first time  in the league and I
didn't really know the talent level of the league."

The Treasure Island team was unbeaten in the regular season and swept past  East
Lake Woodlands 59-21 in the semifinal round.

In the final with Royal Racquet Club, Treasure Island fell behind after the
doubles lost and the No. 4 seed was beaten. When Ben Pincus won 8-2 in No. 3,
the team knew the outcome came down to the top two singles positions.

Chris Miller, 14, won 10-4 in No. 1 and Eric Hoffmeyer, 16, won 10-6 in No.  2
to give Treasure Island the game edge and team victory.

"The match was tight to the end," Girardi said. "Chris has always been  the
cool, even-headed player who crushes his groundstrokes. Eric likes to  attack
the short ball and uses his height to his advantage and likes to serve  and
volley.

"Ben is a good all-court player whose groundstrokes are yet his best  strength.
Jonathan Miller, even though the least experienced, is driven to go  from start
to finish without stopping."

Jonathan, Chris' cousin, was the sixth seed on the team but played No. 4 in  the
absence of Taren Ohman. Ohman was working and Lawrence Dredsner was too  old for
the division, Girardi learned before the playoffs

"I am an advocate of the K-Swiss league," Girardi said. "Before this,  the kids
were either playing just points or scratch games among themselves.  With K-Swiss
and the grand prix tournaments, they're getting good match  play."

Other junior team winners were Royal Racquet Club in 12B, Westchase of  Tampa in
12A and Westlake Village in Palm Harbor in 16A.

In women's team doubles, Dunedin won the 3.5 and Royal Racquet won the 4.0.
Carrollwood Village in Tampa won the men's 3.5; Hidden Palms of Brandon the
men's 4.0.

Nine women's singles and eight men's K-Swiss champions were named last  weekend.
Two other men's divisions were to be completed this week.

Three-set winners included Pat Hermance (3.5 40-plus), Kerri Uchytil (4.0),
Anita Grektorp (4.0 40-plus), Kim Faulkner (5.0), Reinhard Lauterbach (4.0-),
Gene Crouse (4.0) and John Small (4.5).

Straight-set champions were Amira Helar (3.0), Stacy Williams (3.5-),  Adrienne
Stuart (3.5), Valerie Verhunce (4.0-), Lisa Maurer (4.5), Ashraf  Bessada (3.0),
Marc Cotroneo (3.5-), James Johnson (3.5) and Michael Laskey  (3.5 40-plus).

MEN'S INTERSECTIONALS: Florida finished sixth overall in the U.S. Tennis
Association National Senior Men's Intersectional Team Championships last month
in Tucson, Ariz.

The men's 35 team was third and included St. Petersburg's Jeff Davis and  Andres
Molina. Andres' father, Hernan, was on the 65 team that finished sixth.

MIXED DOUBLES: Bardmoor won its second match of the USTA District 12 Mixed
Doubles League with a 3-0 win over Dunedin. Seminole Lake beat the St.
Petersburg Tennis Center 3-0 for its first win. Innisbrook won its second  match
with a 2-1 win over East Lake Woodlands.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

U.S. arrests 20 in call centre racket

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, Oct. 28 -- The U.S. on Thursday arrested 20 people, at least 16 of
them of Indian origin, on charges of defrauding hundreds of Americans through a
scheme operated from a network of call centres in Ahmedabad.


 Five companies and 32 individuals in India have also been charged.
 The names of the companies or the individuals were not immediately known. The
case comes close on the heels of a similar racket, which was busted by the Thane
police earlier this month. The racket involved impersonating U.S tax officials
and threatening U.S.-based victims to shell out money.
 In some cases, victims were lured into paying up 'processing fees' for
financing schemes that never materialised.
 According to a release by the U.S Justice Department, the arrests were made on
Thursday morning, following a three-year investigation.
 The indictment said, "One of the call centres extorted $12,300 from an
85-year-old victim from San Diego, California, after threatening her with arrest
if she did not pay fictitious tax violations. On the same day that she was
extorted, one of the U.S.-based defendants allegedly used a reloadable debit
card funded with the victim's money to purchase money orders in Frisco, Texas."
 The indictment also alleges that the defendants "extorted $136,000 from a
victim in Hayward, California, who they called multiple times over a period of
20 days, fraudulently purporting to be IRS agents and demanding payment for
alleged tax violations. The victim was then directed to purchase 276 stored
value cards which the defendants then transferred to reloadable debit cards.
Some of the victim's money ended up on cards which were activated using stolen
personal identifying information from U.S.-based victims," the Justice
Department said.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

Sujal's drug supply went to NRGs in USA, UK;
His arrest has helped DRI bust international drug supply racket

BYLINE: DNA Correspondent

LENGTH: 301  words


With the arrest of Sujal Patel, director of Anshuman Exports, DRI officials
claim that they have busted an international drug supply racket. The officials
claim that Patel had links with courier agents in the USA and the UK, who
received parcels on his behalf, and the drugs were being supplied to NRGs
settled there.

According to official sources, Patel had received huge quantity of Aprazolam
tablets in November. The tablets were couriered to him from Delhi. With this, he
also received huge quantity of contraband Methamphetamine and Ketamine. He then
repacked them at his residence on CG Road.

The packets were hidden in kitchen items which were to be sent to the USA and
the UK on fictitious names and addresses. The officials claimed that Patel was
in touch with USA-based courier agency M/s Mark III and UK-based agency M/s
Galaxy Express.

The DRI had seized 37 packets of Methamphetamine from the airport and his
residence. The total weight of these packets was 37.458 kg, the value of which
in the international market was in crores. The officials also seized six packets
of Ketamine weighing 5.997 kg. The market value of one kg Ketamine is said to be
Rs10 lakh. The total value of the two contraband substances seized is said to be
of Rs38 crore.

The sources said Patel is the mastermind of the racket, who used to send
consignments of Ketamine to the UK and the USA where the demand is high.
Ketamine drug is also known as 'Special K' and 'Super Acid' and it is popular
among youth. It is a well-known party drug.

According to sources, in February 2009, Patel's company M/s ACX International
had caught the attention of the Customs (Preventive) for supply of expensive
foreign made cigarettes through courier baggage, at the cargo complex at the
airport. He had also been caught for supply of gutkhas.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 23, 2004 Wednesday

East Lake Woodlands wins final in quick fashion

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 873 words


In last weekend's final round of playoff action, the Racquet Club of St.
Petersburg defeated previously unbeaten East Lake Woodlands 3-2 to capture the
men's 3.5 district title and reach the USA Tennis Florida's Adult League Tennis
west regional tournament in Naples.

Previously, The Racquet Club beat Treasure Bay 3-2 and Royal Racquet Club 4-1.

"A big difference for us this year was getting Joe Damouny and Don Cobin on the
team," Racquet Club captain Bob Steele said. "Don was 7-1 in singles in the
regular season, and Joe was 6-3. Peter Gairing was 4-1 and had some key wins for
us in singles.

"We had a number of different doubles pairs, and it was a challenge at times to
set them up. But everyone stepped up when we needed them."

In the final, East Lake won at No. 1 and No. 3 doubles. Within about five
minutes Cobin, at No. 1 singles, Damouny, at No. 2 singles, and Steele and Don
Campagna at No. 2 doubles won.

"It really happened fast," Steele said. "Don was within a game of winning in two
sets. Joe won a third-set tiebreaker at about the same time, and Don and I won a
third-set tiebreaker. We were down 7-4 in our tiebreaker and came back to win
10-8."

The majority of the Racquet Club players have region tournament experience. Ray
Cianci, Steve Uebel, Vaughn Haight and Neel Voss have been to the national
championship, and another five have played at the senior state tournament.

"We know the competition at regional will be stiff, but we're real pleased with
how our season has gone so far," Steele said. "It's been a fun season. I'm a
little surprised we did as well as we did, and I'm real happy about how it's
turned out."

Other team members are: Tom Stewart, Russ Barlow, Paul Hagglund, Lon Caffee, Jim
Nieset, Marshall Craig, Jim Montgomery and David Laesser.

The Renaissance Vinoy qualified for the four-team women's 3.5 playoffs by
winning the district's inaugural fall league. The No. 4 seed beat Westin
Innisbrook Resort 4-1 to reach the final against defending champion Feather
Sound Country Club.

"We had a team in the spring league with basically the same players as the fall,
or at least the core from the fall team. And we had a lot of 3-2 match scores,"
Vinoy captain Suzanne Berns said. "But we just couldn't get over the hurdle. We
got the seed into the playoffs from our fall results.

"All season, we've relied on Anne Anderson for our No. 1 singles player and used
Sharon Keegan, Diana Elias and Virginia Ward. Joann Davis has filled in for us,
too."

In the final, Feather Sound's No. 2 Kathy Wilson and Lori Clarke and No. 3
Elizabeth Wohlwend and Katie Chappell scored the first two wins before Keegan
clinched a third-set tiebreaker in No. 2 singles for the Vinoy. Lynne Newton and
Barbara Andrews pulled out a third-set tiebreaker in No. 1 doubles for the Vinoy
to even the score. Anderson won the deciding match 7-5, 6-3.

Rounding out the Vinoy squad are: Cecilia Vestergaard, Beth Frierson, Vicki Fox,
Marion Foelgner, Jayma Main, Barbara Butts, Wendy Whitt, Lisa Ulrich and Berta
Gilholm.

St. Petersburg Country Club won the first 2.5 women's division with a perfect
record among three teams.

"It is certainly exciting for us, and we're really looking forward to going to
Naples next month," captain Deborah Masi said. "I've been playing about three
years and have never done anything like this before. We've been taking regular
team lessons as well as some other lessons individually."

Masi used Ada Bussey, Jacque Root, Cecily Lyons and Georgine Higginbotham for
singles. Masi, Claudia Roberts, Marie Rinadi, Grace Koch, Sharlet Fillingham and
Margaret Clough comprised the doubles positions.

NET SHOTS: Capturing straight set singles titles in the Seminole Summer Classic
were Tara Vafadari in the girls 16-and-under, Julia Claire Jones (14) and Emily
Dvorak (12). Finishing second were Melissa Smith (14), Amanda Yogus (18) and
Jackson Kettell (12).

Macey Cook won the girls 12 consolation.

Sean Westacott was a finalist in the Hunter's Green Country Club Rookie event.

USA Tennis Florida's local competition closed out this month with Feather Sound
Country Club winning the 7.0 division, Royal Racquet Club 8.0 and McMullen of
Clearwater 9.0.

Feather Sound went 5-2 and McMullen 6-0. Royal Racquet defeated Bardmoor Golf
and Tennis Club in a one-match playoff.

The three advanced to the state tournament in October.

Among the juniors preparing for this weekend's Florida Bush Open in Fort Myers,
the summer's first event, are Yogus, Monica Sly and Christina and Alexandria
Liles in the girls 18; Stephen Segura and George Navas the boys 18 and Nicholas
Smith and Nicholas Berning the boys 16.

COMING UP: Junior singles players should register today for this weekend's
Clearwater Summer Classic at the McMullen Tennis Center. Call (727) 669-1919.
Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club has openings for its June 28-July 2 camp
for kids 5-16 at any ability level. Full day (9 a.m. to 3 p.m.) or half-day (9
a.m. to noon) are available. Call Scott Smith at 367-5479.

- News for this column may be faxed to Nancy Morgan at 796-5559, e-mailed to
namorgan46@msn.com or sent to 710 Court St., Clearwater, FL 33756. Please
include a phone number.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Kings among deep field of bantams

BYLINE: Mario Annicchiarico, Times Colonist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 469 words


Regional Western Hockey League scouts will be out in force as the 2016 Rick
Lapointe Memorial Bantam Triple-A Showcase takes to the ice at the Ian Stewart
Complex, Pearkes Arena and Naden Arena over the next four days.

The host Victoria Racquet Club Kings will join the Alaska Oilers, Hollyburn
Huskies and Vancouver Thunderbirds in the Courtnall Division of the tournament.

The O'Byrne Division includes the Abbotsford Hawks, Calgary Northstars, Juan de
Fuca Grizzlies and Langley Eagles and the Central Zone Rockets, Cloverdale
Colts, Nanaimo Clippers and Seafair Islanders form the Pettinger Division of the
12-team event.

Teams are divided among the three divisions, named after Matt Pettinger, Russ
and Geoff Courtnall, and Ryan O'Byrne, all former Racquet Club players who went
on to the NHL.

"Jeff Kerr, our assistant coach who is in charge of drawing the teams, has done
a good job of getting a good quality group of teams," said Kings head coach Rob
Milliken. "There's a team from Calgary and one from Alaska. I think that's good
for local scouts. Those are two teams they normally wouldn't see."

Action begins today with the Colts facing the Rockets at 7 a.m. at the Ian
Stewart Complex with playoffs kicking in Saturday. Semifinals are slated for 5
and 7:30 p.m. Saturday at Ian Stewart, with the championship game set for Sunday
at 1 p.m. at the UVic facility.

The host Kings face the Vancouver T-Birds today at 9:30 a.m. before tackling
Alaska later tonight at 7:30. On Friday, the Kings play Hollyburn at noon with
all the VRC games played at Ian Stewart.

The Lapointe tournament is named in honour of the late NHL defenceman, from
Victoria, who was drafted fifth overall in 1975 by the Detroit Red Wings of the
NHL and 11th overall by the Toronto Toros of the WHA, also in 1975.

The defenceman passed away in 1999. He played a total of 664 games in the NHL
recording 44 goals and 176 assists for 220 points and 831 penalty minutes. The
former Victoria Cougar had stints with the Red Wings, Philadelphia Flyers, St.
Louis Blues, Quebec Nordiques and Los Angeles Kings. Lapointe closed out his
career in 1985-86 with the L.A. Kings, where he played his last two seasons.

The Racquet Club has also produced the likes of Mel Bridgeman, Jeff Batters, Tom
Martin and Kent Manderville.

"It's a long-standing tournament. I even played in it as a kid for Racquet
Club," said Milliken. "We certainly weren't the first group to come through
either. It's funny, last year I brought my allstar jersey from when I played to
show the boys that this is how long this has been going on. That part was neat."

The Kings are hoping to continue the success they experienced at the Tim Jardine
tournament in South Delta last month where they defeated the Chilliwack Bruins
3-2 in the gold-medal final.

mannicchiarico@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Kings among deep field of bantams

BYLINE: Mario Annicchiarico, Times Colonist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 469 words


Regional Western Hockey League scouts will be out in force as the 2016 Rick
Lapointe Memorial Bantam Triple-A Showcase takes to the ice at the Ian Stewart
Complex, Pearkes Arena and Naden Arena over the next four days.

The host Victoria Racquet Club Kings will join the Alaska Oilers, Hollyburn
Huskies and Vancouver Thunderbirds in the Courtnall Division of the tournament.

The O'Byrne Division includes the Abbotsford Hawks, Calgary Northstars, Juan de
Fuca Grizzlies and Langley Eagles and the Central Zone Rockets, Cloverdale
Colts, Nanaimo Clippers and Seafair Islanders form the Pettinger Division of the
12-team event.

Teams are divided among the three divisions, named after Matt Pettinger, Russ
and Geoff Courtnall, and Ryan O'Byrne, all former Racquet Club players who went
on to the NHL.

"Jeff Kerr, our assistant coach who is in charge of drawing the teams, has done
a good job of getting a good quality group of teams," said Kings head coach Rob
Milliken. "There's a team from Calgary and one from Alaska. I think that's good
for local scouts. Those are two teams they normally wouldn't see."

Action begins today with the Colts facing the Rockets at 7 a.m. at the Ian
Stewart Complex with playoffs kicking in Saturday. Semifinals are slated for 5
and 7:30 p.m. Saturday at Ian Stewart, with the championship game set for Sunday
at 1 p.m. at the UVic facility.

The host Kings face the Vancouver T-Birds today at 9:30 a.m. before tackling
Alaska later tonight at 7:30. On Friday, the Kings play Hollyburn at noon with
all the VRC games played at Ian Stewart.

The Lapointe tournament is named in honour of the late NHL defenceman, from
Victoria, who was drafted fifth overall in 1975 by the Detroit Red Wings of the
NHL and 11th overall by the Toronto Toros of the WHA, also in 1975.

The defenceman passed away in 1999. He played a total of 664 games in the NHL
recording 44 goals and 176 assists for 220 points and 831 penalty minutes. The
former Victoria Cougar had stints with the Red Wings, Philadelphia Flyers, St.
Louis Blues, Quebec Nordiques and Los Angeles Kings. Lapointe closed out his
career in 1985-86 with the L.A. Kings, where he played his last two seasons.

The Racquet Club has also produced the likes of Mel Bridgeman, Jeff Batters, Tom
Martin and Kent Manderville.

"It's a long-standing tournament. I even played in it as a kid for Racquet
Club," said Milliken. "We certainly weren't the first group to come through
either. It's funny, last year I brought my allstar jersey from when I played to
show the boys that this is how long this has been going on. That part was neat."

The Kings are hoping to continue the success they experienced at the Tim Jardine
tournament in South Delta last month where they defeated the Chilliwack Bruins
3-2 in the gold-medal final.

mannicchiarico@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Ottawa Sun

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Serena survives; ... but her racket doesn't

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Flashes; Pg. S55

LENGTH: 491  words


Dismayed at dropping the first set after being a single point from taking it,
Serena Williams sat in her Centre Court sideline chair and cracked her racket
against the turf once, twice, three times, four.

Then she casually flung the racket, hurling it so far behind her that it landed
in the lap of a TV cameraman filming her second-round match against 65th-ranked
American Christina McHale.

Williams recovered to force a third set, only to fall behind yet again Friday,
perilously close to what would have been the sixtime champion's earliest exit in
17 Wimbledon appearances.

But as she herself declared afterward: "Mentally, no one can break me."

Eventually, the topranked Williams did indeed come through, edging McHale 6-7
(7), 6-2, 6-4 for a thrill-a-minute victory at a tournament so rain drenched
this week that matches will be scheduled on the middle Sunday for only the
fourth time in 139 years.

DAY LEADS AT WGC EVENT

World No. 1 Jason Day birdied two of the last three holes to seize a one-stroke
lead over David Lingmerth after Friday's second round of the World Golf
Championships Bridgestone Invitational.

Australian Day, preparing for the British Open in two weeks and readying to
defend his first major title in the PGA Championship at the end of the month,
fired a one-under par 69 to stand on four-under 136 after 54 holes at Firestone
Country Club in Akron, Ohio.

ZLATAN JOINS UNITED

Zlatan Ibrahimovic signed for Manchester United on Friday, handing one of
soccer's most enigmatic players a late career move to the world's richest league
and a chance to help revive a fallen giant.

The 34-year-old Swedish forward, who was a free agent after his Paris
Saint-Germain contract expired last month, joined the 20-time English champions
on a one-year deal with an option for an additional year.

It will be the welltravelled Ibrahimovic's first spell playing in England,
having also played for Malmo, Ajax, Juventus, Inter Milan, Barcelona and AC
Milan.

WOODS TO MISS OPEN

Tiger Woods is out of the British Open, the first time he has sat out three
majors in one year.

The RA announcement that the 14-time major champion has withdrawn was not a
surprise. Woods has not played in nearly a year as he recovers from two back
operations. He has given little indication when he will be healthy enough to
return.

Woods said last week at his Quicken Loans National that he has played 18 holes,
but was trying to work his way toward playing multiple rounds and still have
strength to hit balls when he's done playing.

FIVE-WAY TIE IN FRANCE

Four-time major winner Rory McIlroy roared back into contention at the French
Open on Friday, sinking six birdies in a 5-under round of 66 to join a five-way
share of the lead.

The Northern Irishman could have taken the overall lead at the Le Golf National
course - which is hosting the 2018 Ryder Cup - but a poor tee shot on the 18th
hole led to a bogey. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Ottawa Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Gloucestershire Echo

                                 March 15, 2003

Coldicott Is Tops In Us

SECTION: Sport; Racquet; Others; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 120 words


Old Cheltonian Alex Coldicott has become the youngest winner of the Amateur
Racquets Championship of America. Coldicott, from Staunton, won the British Open
under-21 title at Queen's in January and is spending his gap year doing well in
tournaments in America.

He reached the semi-finals of the Tuxedo Gold Racquet and the quarter-finals of
both the Canadian and Western championships.

In the Amateur final in Detroit, he beat Old Marlburian Chris Goodman-Smith
7-15, 15-3, 15-5, 15-6.

Coldicott learned the game from coaches Karl Cook and Mark Briers at Cheltenham
College.

He has twice been runner-up to another College pupil, Jamie Stout, in the Foster
Cup for the public schools singles championship.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2003 Gloucestershire Echo


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2012 Saturday

Making a racket

BYLINE: Tracy Renck, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 420 words


April 07--For years, Colorado State University-Pueblo has had a dominant men's
club racquetball team.

That trend continued last week when the ThunderWolves won the 40th National
Intercollegiate Racquetball Championships in Tempe, Ariz.

"The award stipulates that our CSU-Pueblo program is one of the best collegiate
programs in the history of the sport," CSU-Pueblo coach Richard Krinsky wrote in
an email earlier this week. "It is quite an honor. There were 41 schools
represented in the tournament."

The men's squad swept No. 1 through No. 5 singles and also won at No. 1 and No.
2 doubles. Oregon State finished second in the tournament on the Arizona State
University campus.

Oregon State won its fourth consecutive women's team title, while CSU-Pueblo was
second.

Jansen Allen, who is from Rice, Texas, which is an hour south of Dallas, won at
No. 1 singles, and added a No. 1 doubles title with Nick Montalbano of West
Islip, N.Y.

Allen defeated Oregon's State's Taylor Knoth in the No. 1 singles finals and
Montalbano also was the No. 2 singles champ.

"It was pretty awesome to win the team title and those two individual titles,"
said Allen, who is graduating in May with a double major in business management
and economic finance.

"That was a great way for me to end my racquetball career at CSU-Pueblo. I
played racquetball since I was 5 or 6 years old and I got to know coach Krinsky
over the years and I heard about all the good players who played at CSU-Pueblo.
. . . This has been a great experience for me. I have met a lot of my best
friends here."

Krinsky started CSU-Pueblo's club racquetball team in 1992 and the men's team
went to its first national tournament in 1994-95. By '96, CSU-Pueblo won its
first national men's team crown and last week that team championship title total
increased to 16. This also was the men's third national title in the last four
years.

The club team has the equivalent of one full scholarship and Krinsky spreads
that money around. Despite the lack of funding, Krinsky has been able to attract
players from all the world.

"We have a very competitive team, and everybody wants to win and play No. 1
singles," said Allen, who plans to continue playing professionally after
college. "We have guys from all over the place and all of us are great friends
and we all hang out."

Follow Tracy Renck on Twitter: http://twitter.com/TracyRenck1

___ (c)2012 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120407-PB-Making-a-racket-0407-20120407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2012 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             The Racket Doctor Inc

                               3214 Glendale Blvd
                             Los Angeles,  CA 90039
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (323) 663-6601
FAX: (323) 663-4329
URL: www.racketdoctor.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Racket Doctor, Inc. offers a huge selection of racket-sports apparel,
court shoes, accessories, and of course rackets representing all major brands at
very competitive prices. We have been in the tennis business since 1971, and
still at the same location where it all began.  Since the very start, our
brick-and-mortar store has drawn a clientele that drives in from as far as San
Diego and Santa Barbara, but those drives have become more difficult for some,
and over the years, some of our valued customers have moved out of driving
range. With our online store, E-RACKETS.COM, we are still able to accommodate
our customers and ship products to them around the world. E-RACKETS.COM is the
latest incarnation of what originally was a telephone-based mail-order system we
established to service our far-flung customers. Today, our reach is global.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 22, 1979, Friday, Final Edition


Tennis With Some Pros

BYLINE: Pamela Whitehead

SECTION: Weekend; Weekend's Best; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 101 words


On Saturday, National Tennis Day to racquet-bearing cognoscenti, there will be
free tennis clinics at 11 locations. From 10 to noon, players certified with the
U.S. Professional Tennis Association will review the basic strokes.  Bring
racquet and shoes.  In Maryland: Rockville Indoor Tennis Center, Linden Hill
Racquet Club, Goddard Tennis Center, Quince Orchard Tennis Club, Carderock
Springs Country Club and Aspen Hill Racquet Club.  In Virginia: George
Washington Courts, Robert E. Lee School, Eugene Simpson Stadium, William Ramsey
Park and Yorktown High.  (Call Frank Hatten, 469-6286.)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           December 29, 2007 Saturday
                                  1 - Edition

Squash pro cool being a larrikin

BYLINE: BRETT STUBBS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 318 words


LARRIKIN by name, larrikin by nature and now larrikin by racquet.

Such has been former professional squash player Tasmanian Scott Denne's impact
in the US that leading sports goods producer Harrow named a racquet after him.

It is decked in Australian green and gold and emblazoned with the Australian and
US flags.

The racquet takes its name from a nickname given to Denne by his fellow US-based
Australian professionals, and did cause some consternation in the States.

``They actually checked it up to make sure it wasn't a swear word or anything
because they didn't know what it meant,'' Denne said.

``A couple of my other mates over there who are coaching kind of have a good
laugh about it. But the kids like the colours and it has actually been quite
successful.

``It started off as a bit of a laugh and now they [Harrow] have it in their
line; so I sit back now and think it is quite cool.''

After a pro-playing tour that saw him win three Professional Squash Association
tournaments in Europe on the world tour and make it to the 11th rank on the US
pro-tour, Denne, 37, retired 10 years ago and now is the club pro for the
prestigious Missouri Athletic Club in St Louis.

It is similar to being a golf club pro; he coaches adults and juniors, as well
as being a coach of the under-15s boys national team.

``Squash is actually on the growth over there now,'' he said while back in
Hobart visiting family for Christmas.

``There are a lot of kids starting to play and it is getting pretty big in their
colleges.

``It is kind of like soccer was there 10 years ago and they are starting to give
scholarships at colleges so it is definitely growing.''

He said to take the next step in the US, the sport needs to be made an Olympic
sport.

``America is definitely pushing for it to become an Olympic sport,'' Denne said.

``That would launch it to the next level and I think it would help rejuvenate it
a bit in Australia.''

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Racquet Club Realty

                       9711 E. Mountain View Road  #1547
                             Scottsdale,  AZ 85258
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (480) 860-1230
FAX: (480) 451-8130
URL: www.racquetclubrealty.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Racquet Club Realty is a unique real estate company located on the grounds of
the Racquet Club at Scottsdale Ranch. We been providing real estate services to
clients in Maricopa County for over 30 years, we are also the only privately
owned real estate company within the gates of the Racquet Club. Our experience,
combined with our independence in a prime location, makes us the ideal choice
for all of your real estate needs.  Contact our helpful staff today.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Tension 24

                              629 High St Rd Mount
                                  Waverly 3149
                                   Australia

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +61 3 9802 3000
URL: www.tension24.com.au

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Tension 24 is a professional racquet store in Glen Waverley that is committed
to providing you with genuine product that is most suited to your needs. We sell
tennis, squash, badminton and racquet ball racquets, together with table tennis.
We also stock tennis and indoor shoes for all these sports. Along with a huge
range of clothing, caps, grips, socks, wrist and headbands and racquet bags, we
restring racquets with the best German, French and Japanese string available. We
use Head, Prince, Wilson, Tecnifibre, Ashaway, Luxilon, Babolat, Gamma, Toalson
and Pacific. We stock all brands, such as Prince, Head, Babolat, Wilson, Yonex,
Dunlop, Tecnifibre, Grays, Stiga, Butterfly, Adidas, Nike and Reebok.  Tension
24 was established in 1987 by Liz and Bob in Glen Waverley. We saw a need in the
industry for good racquet restringing with awesome service. Together with
genuine products we aim to give YOU, the customer, as much information as you
need to make an educated purchase that will suit your need.  Tension 24 offer
you the following:   We are an Authorised dealer of every brand we sell, plus
the guarantee of genuine product   We have 24 years experience in the racquet
industry and can offer a wealth of information   We have Secure online shopping
with the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Paypal   Delivery of products
anywhere in Australia   Offer competitve pricing   PLUS we have a LARGE DEMO
AREA in our store for customers wishing to try a racquet before purchasing from
us.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 31, 2012 Saturday

Local report: Central Cal junior tourney starts today at Racquet Club

BYLINE: The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 268 words


March 31--The 61st verson of the Central California Junior Tennis Championships
comes to the Bakersfield Racquet Club this weekend, and while Pete Sampras and
Andre Agassi -- two former participants -- won't be playing, there are plenty of
locals to keep an eye on.

They include East High senior D.J. Johnson, who is the top seed in the boys'
18-and-younger singles bracket. His brother, Kaleb Johnson, is the No. 2 seed in
boys 14U singles. Both Johnsons won titles at this event last year -- D.J. in
18U, Kaleb in 12U.

The tournament features five age divisions each in boys singles, girls singles,
boys doubles and girls doubles, ranging from 10U to 18U. It begins today and
runs through Monday.

Other notable locals include John Mathew Flores, a Stockdale sophomore who's the
No. 3 seed in 16U boys singles, and Emily Horrigan, the No. 3 in 14U girls
singles.

Byars' clutch 3 lifts Jam

The Jam scored the final seven points, including Derrick Byars' winning
3-pointer with 7.9 seconds left, to beat the L.A. D-fenders 96-95 in an NBA
D-League game Friday at the Jam Events Center.

L.A. (34-12) led 95-89 with 1:47 left. Jeremy Wise and Trey Johnson each hit a
pair of free throws to close the gap for Bakersfield (27-18) before Byars hit
his winner from the corner. Jamario Moon missed a jump shot on the other end.

Renaldo Major scored 18 points and Wise 16 to lead six Jam players in double
figures; Elijah Millsap had 21 for L.A.

___ (c)2012 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120331-BK-Local-report-Central-Cal-junior-tourney-starts-today-at-
Racquet-Club-0331-20120331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2012 The Bakersfield Californian


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                           Overland Park Racquet Club

                             6800 West 91St Street
                            Overland Park,  KS 66212
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (913) 642-6880
FAX: (913) 642-6884
URL: www.opracquetclub.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Overland Park Racquet Club is the largest tennis facility in Kansas City with
22 tennis courts - 14 indoor courts and 8 outdoor courts. Overland Park Racquet
Club was voted one of the top 50 tennis clubs in the US by Tennis magazine.  In
addition to providing a wide array of tennis and swimming programs, Overland
Park Racquet Club offers a full-service restaurant and bar, pro shop, and locker
rooms.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 750,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             August 5, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Doctor answers tennis' call

BYLINE: Dick Evans

SECTION: SECTION D; Local Tennis; Pg. 11D

LENGTH: 791  words


As a doctor, Dr. Linda Haddox knows tennis is not a cure-all, but she also knows
tennis is good medicine for a healthy lifestyle.

I have always played sports. I played volleyball and basketball in high school.
In college, I played competitive racquetball but found that it wasn't very
popular here in Volusia County and switched to tennis," said Dr. Haddox, an avid
tennis player.

That was just 3 1/2 years ago, and she's already a 4.0-plus rated player in the
Greater Volusia Tennis League. That means she's either a natural athlete or a
quick study or perhaps a lot of both.

Her tennis quest began at the Florida Tennis Center.

I took lessons (there) via the USTA 1-2-3 beginners program. From there, Tom
Kelly placed me on a GVTL team," she said.

I would love to play four or five times a week if I could, but because I work
full time and have two children (Jacob, 10, and Makarius, 7) I only play twice a
week --once in the evening and one morning on my day off."

Asked how she improved so quickly, she said: "I watched my teammates and took as
many hints from my more experienced partners (particularly in doubles). I try to
take clinics in the summer, but unfortunately, I don't have time for lessons
during the rest of the year.

I regret not finding the game of tennis when I was younger," she said.

Tennis is invigorating and fun. What a great way to get exercise and actually
enjoy it. I find gym workouts tedious and difficult to continue long-term.
Tennis keeps me in shape, but yet the social and competitive structure of tennis
makes it such a fulfilling sport. Tennis is something I look forward to instead
of grudgingly driving to the gym for unending weight repetitions and
angina-producing cardio-fests.

I also refuse to wear a yoga outfit."

LIKE THE CAVEMAN

If you are smiling at that last remark, then you will love her reply when asked
if she took her tennis racquet on vacations with her?

I took my racquet on vacation once when flying, but I felt like the caveman in
the Geico commercial and haven't since then . . . unless I am driving."

Since both sons play tennis and husband (Magdy Attia, an engineer and a
professor at Embry-Riddle) "dabbles in tennis," there is a good chance their
racquets go with them when they pack their car.

Dr. Haddox went to school at Texas A&M, then did her OB/GYN specialty training
at the University of Texas Parkland Hospital in Dallas.

I now have a private group OB/GYN practice in Daytona Beach . . . Volusia
OB/GYN."

Her medical practice keeps her busy and leaves little free time for pickup games
among friends.

Since I have little flexibility in my schedule, the USTA/GVTL (team) matches are
fixed (designated days and time) and easier for me to rely upon. I would love to
add a little impromptu practice once I slow down."

Despite being a doctor, she knows about tough times.

My husband and I used to have a martial arts school in Texas to make ends meet."

INJURIES HAPPEN

She also knows about not paying attention to tennis injuries.

Last year, I dislocated my right shoulder in a freak accident during a GVTL
match," she said. "I popped it back in and finished the match. But, I paid for
it greatly the next six months. Thanks to some fantastic physical therapy, I was
able to play again. I also got run over by a stretcher a few months ago running
to do an emergency C-section . . . broke some toes, and that set me back a few
weeks.

Then, I had emergency surgery myself four weeks ago and missed playing with my
tennis team at the regional USTA tournament. I hope to be in shape for the
sectionals in two weeks."

Dr. Haddox frequently spots her patients playing tennis and "tries to mention it
to them in the office. I want them to know how proud I am of their physical
activity. They do seem to be surprised to see me across from them on the court
sometimes.

Dr. Haddox said she always carries two racquets because she breaks her racquet
strings.

I own four racquets, but now am playing with a 95-inch Head Flexpoint," she
said. "It has less power and gives me a bit more control. I use a little lead
tape to add some weight at the head. It probably doesn't make me playing any
better, but psychologically it makes me feel like the next Venus (just a bit
shorter) Williams."

Dr. Haddox is not short on words about concerning the rumor the City of Daytona
Beach will close the Florida Tennis Center.

What a surprise," Dr. Haddox said. "We really need to utilize our tennis
property better. We should really promote the kids' programs more. If the tennis
center is truly a city project, then having big names like the Speedway bringing
in more charity events could help. It would be a tremendous disappointment to
have such a beautiful center close."

Dr. Haddox has not forgotten her tennis roots.

evans121@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Linda Haddox

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 16, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

ARKANSAS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 102 words


State winners in the Arkansas Power and Light/Arkla Energy Bowl Classic youth
tennis tournament at the Little Rock Racquet Club:

Boys - 18s: Mark Heflin, Little Rock, d. Josh Lackie, North Little Rock, 2- 6,
6-2, 6-2. 10s: Andrew James Eldorado, d. No. 1 seed Chris Adcock, Hot Springs
Village, 6-3, 3-6, 7-6. Girls - 16s: Robin Juels, North Little Rock (state's
top-ranked 16s player), d. Lindsay Lee, Owasso, Okla. (Oklahoma's top-ranked 16s
player), 6-4, 6-2. 14s: Gina Vickery, Eldorado, d. Jennifer Baptist, Little
Rock, 6-2, 6-2. 12s: Jessica Largen, Fort Smith, d. Lizzie Yasser, Tulsa, 6-1,
6-1.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          September 1, 2004 Wednesday

Area competitors post victories in K-Swiss league

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 930 words


The K-Swiss Tampa Bay Summer League playoffs were completed last weekend, with
area singles players capturing five titles in the women's division and six in
the men's class.

Collecting straight-set final wins were Monica Sanchez (3.0 competition), Joanne
Valone (4.5), Daniel Otts (3.0), Don Cobin (3.5), Paul Doucette (4.0) and John
Beda (4.5-minus).

Rebounding from first-set losses to win in three were Pam Gallauer (3.5), Donna
Roberts (5.0) and Pete Swartz (4.5). Rallying after a second-set loss were Fumi
Toyotake (4.0-minus) and Fernando Gonzalez (5.5).

Otts and Cobin won the K-Swiss Regional Championship, defeating the Southwest
Florida champs.

"I could kick myself for not learning to play tennis earlier," Gallauer said.
"Tennis is a great sport, and I love playing - especially K-Swiss."

Gallauer has been married to tennis professional Hans Gallauer for 18 years but
just took up the sport about five years ago. Hans has been the Renaissance Vinoy
director of tennis since 1999 and was the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg
director eight years before.

"I was not athletic and had never played sports before tennis," Pam Gallauer
said. "I started when our youngest of four children began preschool. I think
it's just great that at about 35 I was able to pick up a racquet and start
learning to play."

Gallauer takes lessons from her husband about once a week and plays in the
Satellite Ladies Doubles League and Suncoast Singles League. From the beginning,
she practiced hitting topspin groundstrokes and driving the ball deep.

"What I really need to work on now is patience and waiting for the right
opportunity to hit my shots," Gallauer said. "In the K-Swiss final, it worked to
my advantage that most of my lessons with Hans were often in the midday during
the hottest time. It was so hot when we played the final.

"I had played my opponent in the regular season, so I knew it would be a
gruelling match. She takes kickboxing five times a week and is in great shape. I
knew I had to be patient. Our match lasted three hours, and I was able to win in
three sets."

Gallauer's victory in the Tampa Bay league pitted her against the Southwest
Florida League winner for the K-Swiss Regional title. A loss did not dampen
Gallauer's enthusiasm.

"I'm hoping to play the K-Swiss fall season, if I can work it out around our
kids' schedules," Gallauer said. "I should be in the 4.0 division, and I think
I'll be able to hang with them - even if I don't win much."

The summer was the first for Cobin to play K-Swiss. Not only did he win all his
matches in the 3.5 regular season, Cobin won the Tampa Bay crown in two sets and
survived a first-set loss to capture the K-Swiss Regional championship 6-7, 6-1,
6-3.

"In the regional match, he was ahead of me most of the first set," Cobin said.
"He was better at groundstrokes, and his serve was more consistent. In the
second set, I played a quicker net game and became more aggressive. I was able
to cut off some of his passing shots. Plus, I'm a lefty and that often keeps an
opponent off balance."

Cobin hopes to play in the fall season. Also, he is a member of the Racquet Club
3.5 men's team that is entered in this month's re-scheduled USA Tennis Florida
League Championships.

The registration deadline for the K-Swiss Fall League is Sept. 10.  Competition
is scheduled for Sept. 18-Nov. 14. Semifinal and final matches are Dec. 11-12.
To register, call 865-0615 or go online  http://www.ultimatetennis.com.

COMBO LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: The East Lake Woodlands 7.5 and Royal Racquet Club 8.5
women's teams won the District 12 doubles  titles to join the Racquet Club of
St. Petersburg 7.5 and Countryside 6.5 men's squads. The four teams will be in
January's state tournament at Florida Tennis Center in Daytona Beach.

NET SHOTS: Among the winners in last weekend's East Lake Summer Junior Rookie
Tournament was boys 14-and-under top seed Nathan Lord, who beat Alex Blair in
straight sets. Finalists included No. 2 Tyler Berning (10 division), No. 1 Fabio
Pagani (16) and Brian Shape (18). Winning the consolation draws were Tommy Dunne
(10), David Yang (14) and Frankie Bravo (16). Bravo also won the 14 consolation
draw in the Junior Summertime Classic at Tampa Palms. Brett Apter won the 18
consolation. Six novice teams, including PAL Power Racquets, Dominators and
Countryside Aces, participated in last weekend's USA Tennis NJTL and Team Tennis
Rallyball Jamboree at Countryside Country Club. Coaches and players in the
round-robin event selected Chandler Walker of the Aces as one of the two
sportsmanship winners.

SAVE THE DATES: The 11th annual Humane Society of Pinellas Charity Tournament is
Sept. 29-Oct. 3 at Royal Racquet Club. For information on sponsorships and entry
forms, call 725-3681.

+ Plans are under way for the 21st annual Raymond James Pro/Am Tournament, Oct.
23-24 at Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club. The charity event benefits All
Children's Hospital. Contact Eric Branson, 551-5280, for information on
sponsorships and playing opportunities.

COMING UP: The inaugural USTA Adult Men's Fall League will play
September-October and conclude prior to the Senior Doubles League. Winners will
participate in the spring league playoffs. Interested teams should contact
coordinator Norm Ott, 526-7966 or norm.ott@verizon.net. The SPTC Adult Classic
Championships is Sept. 17-19 at St. Petersburg Tennis Center. Call Al Sarmiento,
360-2643, by the Sept. 15 deadline.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 29, 1991, Tuesday, City Edition

Tennis is a fun way to keep yourself fit

BYLINE: SALLY ANDERSON

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; SETTING THE PACE; SENIORITY; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 693 words



You can learn a lot about yourself from playing tennis, which requires nearly as
much mental as it does physical agility. And even if you're over 50 and have
never picked up a racquet, it is not too late to start.

    Try not to be intimidated. Don't allow your mind to program you with defeat
before trying your first swing; instead, add a dose of enthusiasm to your life,
and your mind will be more open to learning.

    That said, I don't recommend immediately jumping into a game of tennis.
Before heading for the court, you need to get into good physical shape. If you
are overweight, commit yourself to losing some pounds. To increase your
cardiovascular and stamina level, begin a progressive walking, jogging, swimming
or biking program.  To develop the strength in your arms, try lifting light
weights. And for the flexibility you will need for movement in tennis, add some
rhythmical and static stretches to your routine.

    Once that is out of the way and because it is next to impossible to teach
yourself tennis, you ought to seek out some sort of lessons.  Your community's
recreation department and some of the local clubs in your community should be
able to give you names of tennis instructors and clinics for beginners or
whatever level of instruction you desire.

    Playing tennis requires good footwork. Keep in mind you need to be light on
your feet and keep your feet moving. You don't want to be flat-footed. It also
requires proper balance, moving your weight forward as you hit the ball.

    As a beginner, you probably will learn the forehand shot first, then the
backhand. If you continue with your lessons, you will learn the throwing motion
for a serve and the different types of services, the forehand and backhand
volley, the overhead smash and the defensive and offensive lobs. Don't panic;
you will be learning all this gradually, and in the beginning your main concern
will be just to get the ball over the net.

    Once you begin to learn the fundamentals of tennis, you are on your way to
having fun.

    You will also have some positive gains: increases in agility, coordination,
balance, reaction time and flexibility. Getting to meet fellow players and
mingling with them on the courts can provide a social time, and hitting that
darn ol' ball can be a wonderful stress reliever.

    When you learn enough to keep score, don't feel badly if you aren't finding
yourself on the winning side; just remember that 50 percent of all the players
in every tennis match will lose.
 You can write to Sally Anderson, c/o Seniority, The St. Petersburg Times, P.O.
Box 1121, St. Petersburg, Florida, 33731.

 Tennis tips and terms
 Keep your eye on the ball. Focusing on the ball will help you to concentrate.
 Hit through the ball. Making the racquet continue to move through the ball in
the direction of your target allows for more ball control.
 Lift up on the ball. Brushing your racquet up while making contact with the
ball gives you better net clearance.
 Seven balls instead of one. Imagining that you are hitting seven balls instead
of one, keeps you with the ball longer, giving you more control over directing
the ball.
 Avoid wristy shots. People who play with a loose wrist are usually very erratic
players. You need to pretend your arm and racquet are one piece, which will give
you longer ball contact and a more controlled drive.
 Think two nets. Imagining that you are hitting the ball up and over two nets
instead of one gives you better net coverage.
 Squeeze the grip before contact. Tightening the grip on your racquet before
hitting will give you a firmer shot.
 Topspin. In a topspin, you hit the ball from beneath, brushing up and over the
bottom of the ball. This creates a rolling forward spin and when the ball lands,
it will have a high bounce. Learning topspin is more difficult for beginners.
 Flat shot. In a flat shot, you strike the back side of the ball with the face
of the racquet. This can be done at almost any level.
 Slice swing. In a slice swing, you hit downward, with the racquet face slightly
back.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Photo by MICHELLE FRANKFURTER; Virginia Klinko,
who played in the U.S. National Senior Sports Classis III in Syracuse, N.Y.,
plays tennis. (Ran pg. 3)

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             July 24, 2007 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Tips from Serena Tennis standout instructs local youngsters before the Aces'
match.

BYLINE: By Kathleen Nelson ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 585 words


Serena Williams gets the bigger picture of World TeamTennis.

Injuries to her calf and thumb from Wimbledon have forced her to withdraw from
two WTA tournaments and a Fed Cup match, the female equivalent of Davis Cup
play. She also had to give up her on-court duties with the Aces on Monday at
Dwight Davis Tennis Center in their 21-20 victory over the New York Sportimes.

But she made a bigger impact off the court.

"I've never been to St. Louis and heard there was a great opportunity for kids
here," Williams said. "They were excited for me to come, and I'm excited to be
here."

Williams gave the sellout crowd of 2,000 plenty of face time but focused on the
younger members of the audience. She answered questions at halftime, signed
autographs for young fans after the match but most significantly, offered tips
at a tennis clinic before the match.

"I didn't want to let anyone down. I'm all for the kids," said Williams,
recalling her formative years on the public courts in Compton, Calif. "If I had
an opportunity to see a professional tennis player, it meant the world to me."

The World TeamTennis pro season lasts just three weeks, but the league works
year-round to build tennis at the grass-roots level. It offers recreational
leagues in hundreds of cities nationwide and a free clinic for ticketholders
ages 6 to 16 before each match, including a free racket and ball.

Before Monday's match, the young ticketholders joined members of the
Mathews-Dickey Boys and Girls Club and Lift for Life Gym for instruction from a
staff that included Williams. She got hands-on with as many of the participants
as she could in 45 minutes, positioning tiny hands properly on a racket or
sharing a high-five.

Among the 200 or so youngsters who got a pointer from Williams was Vallisha
Dennis, 16, who will be a junior at Pattonville High.

Dennis plays often on the courts that Pattonville opens to the public but told
Williams she needed help hitting the ball lower.

"Your racket is too high," Williams said, angling the racket skyward, then
showing Dennis the proper stroke. After Dennis took a few slow-motion practice
swings, Williams said, "Good. I'm anxious to see your shot."

Dennis returned a couple of line drives over the net, then looked over to
Williams with a smile.

"I was nervous, but I was glad she helped," Dennis said, adding that she looked
to Williams as "a good role model because even if you come from a poor
background, you can achieve great things."

Among Williams' achievements are eight Grand Slam titles, including this year's
Australian Open, an Olympic gold medal in 2000 with sister Venus and 28 WTA
singles titles.

Adding to her tennis résumé is on hold, for at least a few weeks. Williams
appeared with a brace on her left wrist and thumb and said she was "just taking
it week by week" but has a few items on her long-term to-do list: "winning more
Grand Slams, being No. 1 in the world. I'm just taking baby steps right now."

Turned out that Aces didn't need Williams on the court.

Andy Ram gave the Aces (4-9) the lead with a 5-4 victory over Jesse Witten in
the opening set, but Jasmin Woehr fell to Ashley Harkleroad 5-1 in women's
singles. The Aces evened the match when Ram and Woehr defeated Harkleroad and
Witten 5-2. Harkleroad and Hana Srmova gave the Sportimes (5-8) a 16-15 lead
with a 5-4 victory in women's doubles over Woehr and Aleke Tsoubanos. Ram and
Jonathan Erlich earned a 5-4 victory over Witten and Mirko Pehar, forcing a
best-of-13 supertiebreaker that Erlich and Ram won 7-3.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Serena Williams helps Toryon  Dennis with his forehand during a tennis
clinic Monday in Forest Park. Toryon, 8, is from Bridgeton. Williams was unable
to play for the Aces because of injuries.  Chris Lee | Post-Dispatch  PHOTO -
Tennis pro Serena Williams is surrounded by participants in a clinic she
conducted Monday in Forest Park.  Chris Lee | Post-Dispatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 21, 1987, Friday, City Edition

Tennis director Aguero leaves Racquet Club of St. Petersburg

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; TENNIS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



ST. PETERSBURG - Keeping up with St. Petersburg's tennis pros is a    little
like following Abbott and Costello's "who's on first" skit.

      For starters, German Aguero, who joined the staff of the Racquet    Club
of St. Petersburg as tennis director in May, has left the club.

 With the recent departure of long-time club pro Lisa Grattan, the    northeast
St. Petersburg Club is left with one teaching pro, George    Yahia, who joined
the staff in July.

     To the south, St. Petersburg Tennis Center pro Sam Vuille left the    club
in late July to take over as head pro at Lakewood Country Club.

     While replacements for German and Grattan have not been announced,    the
St. Petersburg Tennis Center has hired former Harry Hopman pro Joe    Brandi Jr.
Brandi, who attended St. Petersburg High and the University    of Southern
Illinois, helped train Gigi Fernandez and Robin White while    at Bardmoor.

     Also new to the local pro scene is Susan Leo, who'll join the staff    of
the Seminole Lake Racquet Club. Leo, a former touring pro, will head    that
club's junior player development program.

 USTA / Volvo team disqualified

   Two local teams had distinctly different experiences last weekend in    the
Florida Sectional USTA/Volvo tournament.

     For the Seminole Lake Racquet Club men's 5.0 team, things couldn't    have
worked out better. Captained by Tom Rissmiller, a member of 1986    national
USTA/Volvo 4.5 men's championship team from the St. Petersburg    Tennis Center,
the Seminole Lake team cruised to the sectional title.

 Seminole Lake won the right to represent Florida in the national
championships this fall by defeating teams from Pensacola and Fort    Myers.

     The women of the St. Petersburg Tennis Center's 5.0 team weren't as
fortunate. After the team played its first-round match, three members -
captain Kathy Miller and doubles partners Mary Turns and Tia Kottey -    were
disqualified for being better than the level in which they were    playing.

     Sectional league coordinator Jean Wilkes defended the decision to
disqualify the three St. Petersburg women, as well as three of their
opponents, saying that the players were well aware of the possibility    for
disqualification. The sectional tournament was the first    opportunity for
state and USTA qualifiers to see the players, she said.

     According to Kathy Miller, the team was given the opportunity to
continue in the tournament but the members who were still eligible    refused to
play. As a result, the women's 5.0 team from Naples won the    state title by
default.

 Net notes

   Touring pro and coach Kim Warwick, who's calling East Lake Woodlands
Country Club home these days, is traveling with two of his students to    the
U.S. Open. Warwick, who won the 1985 French Open doubles title,    will team
with Eric Korita in mens doubles and Jenny Byrne in mixed    doubles
competition.

      Paradise Island will host a junior tournament Aug. 29-31, open to
players ages 10-18. The entry fee for the FTA-USTA sanctioned event is    $ 16
for singles, $ 8 for doubles. All players must have a USTA    membership card or
be prepared to buy one. For more information call    360-6062.

   f

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             October 9, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Veres brought love of tennis to city's youth; Inductee to join founder's group

BYLINE: Mary Caton, The Windsor Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 497  words


INDUCTION PREVIEW

WHAT: 29th Windsor/Essex County Sports Hall of Fame induction

WHEN: Oct. 17

WHERE: Caboto Club

WHO: Jennifer Robinson, Brad Smith, Mark Renaud, Sam Sisco, Carol Mielczarek,
Lou Veres

TICKETS: $50 per person, $25 for children 12 years and under, call 519-252-8383

- - -

Wherever Lou Veres went in the world, a tennis racquet was always in tow.

It was with him when he headed down the highway to the University of Western
Ontario for some post-graduate work.

It was at his side when he studied at the University of Melbourne in Australia
and again in England when he attended the University of London.

His racquet's most telling journey, according to his wife Judy, came in 1956
when Veres, a multi-sport star, was invited to the Olympic trials for the
Canadian men's basketball team in Vancouver.

"He went to the trials with his tennis racquet," Judy Veres said. "So you knew
where his heart was."

Veres died in 2002 but his significant contributions to local sports as a player
and coach will be honoured Oct. 17 with his induction into the Windsor/Essex
County Sports Hall of Fame.

A dinner will be held at the Caboto Club.

Joining Veres in the founder's category will be Sam Sisco.

Jennifer Robinson, Carol Miel-czarek, Brad Smith and Mark Renaud will be
inducted in to the athlete's category.

"Lou changed the face of high school tennis," said Maurice Bottos, the sport's
convener for the Windsor Essex County Secondary Schools Athletic Association.

Veres first made his mark as a player in 1950, when he became the first and only
athlete to win three WSSA city titles the same year by taking the men's singles
and then leading Kennedy teammates to victory in the men's and mixed doubles.

He convened high school tennis for 30 years and coached it just as long at
Herman and Ken-nedy.

Veres reshaped the game for many teenagers in this area.

He was co-founder of an intensive year-round program known as the Southwestern
Ontario Tennis Training (SWOTT).

SWOTT grads have gone on to earn scholarships at the University of Michigan
(Joanne Musgrove, Kara Delicata), the University of Chicago (Peter Perez), the
University of Montana (Yves Poirier) and the University of Toledo (Talia
Natyshak) just to name a few.

For years, Veres ran a tournament for elementary schools and he founded two of
the better known local events for junior and adult players.

"He would really enjoy going into the hall of fame," Judy said.

"Especially since he's going in for tennis. Basketball got his him education but
tennis was his love."

Veres starred in basketball and football in high school. He was a first-team
all-star in 1956 when he led the undefeated Western Mustangs to a championship
in the OQAA basketball league.

As a teacher, he coached Herman to three city basketball championships in the
'60s, in addition to the countless titles his tennis teams earned through the
years.

Veres' wife and daughter, Rachel, will accept the hall's honours on his behalf.

mcaton@thestar.canwest.com or 519-255-5726

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: The Windsor Star files; Lou Veres, right, and Faye Urban won the Windsor
and District Tennis Championships in 1959. Veres, 70, died of cancer in 2002. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Seniors help lead Rams to finals

BYLINE: DENNIS MAFFEZZOLI

SECTION: C; ARCHIVES; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 552 words


TENNIS: Emily Schofield, James Cramer redeem themselves in doubles

SARASOTA - The only two seniors who took the court for the Riverview High tennis
teams gained a bit of redemption and helped the Rams advance to the regional
finals.

Emily Schofield, the No. 1 singles girls player, and James Cramer, the No. 3
singles boys player, lost their respective singles matches, but teamed with
their doubles partner to clinch the match for their respective squads.

Schofield and Noele Kough won 6-2, 7-5 to give the Riverview girls a 4-2 victory
over Lutz Steinbrenner in the Class 4A-Region 4 semifinals Wednesday at the
Sarasota Bath and Racquet Fitness Club.

Cramer and Gabriel VonKessel combined for a 6-1, 7-5 decision that clinched the
Riverview boys' 4-2 win over Tampa Wharton that ended nearly four-and-a-half
hours of tennis.

Both Rams teams will return to action 3 p.m. today at the Bath and Racquet club
against Tampa Plant. The Plant boys defeated Clearwater Countryside, 4-1, while
the Panthers' girls topped Tarpon Springs East Lake, 4-1.

Sophomores Willow Weintraub, Amanda Rosenberg and junior Noele Kough won singles
matches at Nos. 2, 3 and 4 to give the Riverview girls a 3-2 lead.

"My depth in my middle has been big for me this year," Rams coach Kathy Holton
Rosenberg said. "The competition has been very tough at the No. 1 level."

Schofield was part of the clincher with Kough after she lost her No. 1 singles
match 6-3, 6-4.

"I'm a better doubles player," Schofield said. "Both are part of high school
tennis, so you try your best at both. It's more fun playing doubles because you
get to play with one of your teammates and it is more of a team sport.

"I was glad I had the opportunity to play to win the match."

The Riverview girls will be looking to go to the states for the eighth straight
year against a formidable foe in Plant, which has captured the state title the
past three seasons, including a one-point victory over the Rams in 2011.

"We'll go out and give it our best shot," Holton Rosenberg said.

Cramer was in a similar position, losing his singles match 6-2, 6-3. He
partnered with freshman VonKessel for a 6-1, 7-5 win.

"To have that chance, who doesn't want to be in that position?" Cramer said.
"It's real nice. All that really matters is we move on, and we did that. In
doubles I bring a lot of energy to it, so I like playing doubles more. We're
playing to move on to the regional finals."

Riverview boys got singles wins from junior Michael Moore at No. 1, freshman
Antoine Sanchez at No. 2 and VonKessel at No. 4.

"That was a little closer than I would have liked. That was a little nerve
wrecking," Rams boys coach Holly Moore said. "We're a team. Everybody does their
part and does what they can. In the end it's whoever has the most points. A win
is a point."

The No. 1 doubles team of Moore and Sanchez owned a 6-4, 5-2 lead when the match
ended.

"No. 1 doubles was rolling," Moore said. "If No. 2 had gotten in trouble, No. 1
would have come through."

Sanchez came from behind to knock off 6-foot-7 Alek Crnogorac 5-7, 6-3, 6-4.

"Just big shots, hard to get a rhythm on," Sanchez said. "Had a big serve and
forehand. Really tough conditions. The ball didn't get up much with the wind."

The Riverview boys have made it to the states the past three seasons, finishing
second, fifth and seventh.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Riverview's Willow Weintraub returns during her No. 2 singles match
against Lutz Steinbrenner in the Class 4A-Region 4 semifinals Wednesday at the
Sarasota Bath and Racquet Fitness Club. STAFF PHOTO / DENNIS MAFFEZZOLI
Riverview's Michael Moore returns during his No. 1 singles match Wednesday.
STAFF PHOTO / DENNIS MAFFEZZOLI

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday

Your guide to (not) getting squashed

BYLINE:  Umaid Wasim

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 309

LENGTH: 939  words


When Nasir Iqbal crashed out of the World Squash Championships being held in
Manchester at the first-round last week, it left Pakistan without a player in
the top 50 of the Professional Squash Association (PSA) rankings.

It's a far and forlorn cry from the heady heights the country attained in the
1990s courtesy Jahangir Khan and Jansher Khan.

The number of players taking up the game in the country has dwindled since those
glory days but nevertheless, it is a sport that is worth taking up, if not
professionally then at least for fitness purposes.

Being a fast-moving game, it helps in harnessing speed and stamina and is a
great physical and mental workout.

Not only that, but it is also a game people looking to lose weight should take
up. Forty-five minutes of playing squash, and players can burn off up to 1,000
calories - remarkably higher than playing most other sports.

So if you're looking to catch the squash bug, here's a 'dummy's' guide to
playing the game:

Two by four

Squash is a two-player game in a four-walled court. It is also quite high speed
and requires much mental agility, leading many involved to regard it as a sort
of extremely fast chess game. The ball they use is soft, hollow, and
'squashable'.

People started playing squash in the 19th century. At the time it was called
'squash racquets', to distinguish it from the game of racquets.

Racquets and squash have many similarities at first glance, with both games
being played with racquets on enclosed courts.

However, the sports are actually quite different in the way they are played.
Because the ball bounces higher and can hit any surface, racquetball's pace is
faster. The racquet and ball size are two of the other biggest differences.

Harrow School, just outside London, is credited as the game's birthplace - when
young pupils who couldn't compete with older boys for space on the proper
racquets courts invented their own version using a rubber ball instead of a hard
one.

Actual game play was originally derived from tennis, and in some fashions still
resembles the French sport.

The sport grew in popularity in the 20th century and in 1928 the Squash Racquets
Association was formed to set standards for squash in Great Britain. Over the
next few decades, squash spread to the rest of the world and now has a
competitive circuit worldwide.

The court

The basic measurement for a squash court was codified in as early as the 1920s
in London as 32ft long and 21ft wide.

There is a 15ft outline above the floor on the front wall. This line, in turn is
connected by a 'raking' out line on the back wall, which is seven feet above the
floor.

The front wall undoubtedly has the highest playing surface and has three
parallel lines marked. The back wall, on the contrary has the least playing
surface.

Those shots which are struck above the outline are out, on any wall. The bottom
line of the front wall has a half metre high area of metal, the 'tin'.

If this is struck, the ball is held to be out. There are three boxes in a squash
court amongst which there are service boxes.

May we serve you?

The aim of the game is to simply keep hitting the ball against the front wall
until your opponent can't return it.

To get a point underway, the server hits the ball at the front wall, making sure
at least one foot is in contact with the service box. The serve must land in the
opposite back quarter of the court for it to be legitimate and if the server
wins the point, the players switch sides for the following point.

During play, after the serve, each player takes it in turns to hit the ball
between the tin and out line, using the side and back walls if necessary. Once
the ball hits the front wall, it may only bounce once before it is returned.

In the traditional British system points are only scored on the serve.

When the player receiving serve wins a rally, the score does not change, but he
or she becomes the server.

The winner of a game is the first to get 11 points, although they must win by
two clear points. The winner of a match is usually the first to get three in a
"best of five" format.

Keep your eye on the ball

Beginners usually use a blue ball, which travels faster and bounces much higher,
whereas players on the competition circuits will use the double yellow ball
which is very slow, making it harder to play with.

The colour coding scheme is as follows:

Double yellow dot (super slow).

Yellow dot (slow).

White/Green dot (medium).

Red dot (fast).

Blue dot (fast).

Get the gear

The most important thing for beginners is proper equipment and gear. This won't
just make your game better but can also avoid injury.

For starters, a medium-weight racquet is helpful as it aids in control and swing
and also helps in avoiding any wrist injuries.

The next most important thing for the racquet is a proper over-grip. The larger
grip helps in holding the racquet properly, especially when learning the game.

As far as the gear is concerned, eye protection is mandatory for beginners. The
ball travels really fast after hitting the wall and if it strikes the eye, it
could do serious damage.

While many of us have seen professional players participate without any safety
equipment, it is because they have spent years of practice in perfecting their
shots with compact follow-throughs.

A proper pair of shoes is also important to avoid injuries. Beginners should use
shoes with plenty of shock absorption so as to avoid any ankle sprains.
Similarly, these shoes will help in providing traction on the surface, which is
of course slippery and a fall there can result in serious injuries to the spinal
column. Remember, the important thing is to play squash, not get squashed.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday

Your guide to (not) getting squashed

BYLINE:  Umaid Wasim

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 309

LENGTH: 939  words


When Nasir Iqbal crashed out of the World Squash Championships being held in
Manchester at the first-round last week, it left Pakistan without a player in
the top 50 of the Professional Squash Association (PSA) rankings.

It's a far and forlorn cry from the heady heights the country attained in the
1990s courtesy Jahangir Khan and Jansher Khan.

The number of players taking up the game in the country has dwindled since those
glory days but nevertheless, it is a sport that is worth taking up, if not
professionally then at least for fitness purposes.

Being a fast-moving game, it helps in harnessing speed and stamina and is a
great physical and mental workout.

Not only that, but it is also a game people looking to lose weight should take
up. Forty-five minutes of playing squash, and players can burn off up to 1,000
calories - remarkably higher than playing most other sports.

So if you're looking to catch the squash bug, here's a 'dummy's' guide to
playing the game:

Two by four

Squash is a two-player game in a four-walled court. It is also quite high speed
and requires much mental agility, leading many involved to regard it as a sort
of extremely fast chess game. The ball they use is soft, hollow, and
'squashable'.

People started playing squash in the 19th century. At the time it was called
'squash racquets', to distinguish it from the game of racquets.

Racquets and squash have many similarities at first glance, with both games
being played with racquets on enclosed courts.

However, the sports are actually quite different in the way they are played.
Because the ball bounces higher and can hit any surface, racquetball's pace is
faster. The racquet and ball size are two of the other biggest differences.

Harrow School, just outside London, is credited as the game's birthplace - when
young pupils who couldn't compete with older boys for space on the proper
racquets courts invented their own version using a rubber ball instead of a hard
one.

Actual game play was originally derived from tennis, and in some fashions still
resembles the French sport.

The sport grew in popularity in the 20th century and in 1928 the Squash Racquets
Association was formed to set standards for squash in Great Britain. Over the
next few decades, squash spread to the rest of the world and now has a
competitive circuit worldwide.

The court

The basic measurement for a squash court was codified in as early as the 1920s
in London as 32ft long and 21ft wide.

There is a 15ft outline above the floor on the front wall. This line, in turn is
connected by a 'raking' out line on the back wall, which is seven feet above the
floor.

The front wall undoubtedly has the highest playing surface and has three
parallel lines marked. The back wall, on the contrary has the least playing
surface.

Those shots which are struck above the outline are out, on any wall. The bottom
line of the front wall has a half metre high area of metal, the 'tin'.

If this is struck, the ball is held to be out. There are three boxes in a squash
court amongst which there are service boxes.

May we serve you?

The aim of the game is to simply keep hitting the ball against the front wall
until your opponent can't return it.

To get a point underway, the server hits the ball at the front wall, making sure
at least one foot is in contact with the service box. The serve must land in the
opposite back quarter of the court for it to be legitimate and if the server
wins the point, the players switch sides for the following point.

During play, after the serve, each player takes it in turns to hit the ball
between the tin and out line, using the side and back walls if necessary. Once
the ball hits the front wall, it may only bounce once before it is returned.

In the traditional British system points are only scored on the serve.

When the player receiving serve wins a rally, the score does not change, but he
or she becomes the server.

The winner of a game is the first to get 11 points, although they must win by
two clear points. The winner of a match is usually the first to get three in a
"best of five" format.

Keep your eye on the ball

Beginners usually use a blue ball, which travels faster and bounces much higher,
whereas players on the competition circuits will use the double yellow ball
which is very slow, making it harder to play with.

The colour coding scheme is as follows:

Double yellow dot (super slow).

Yellow dot (slow).

White/Green dot (medium).

Red dot (fast).

Blue dot (fast).

Get the gear

The most important thing for beginners is proper equipment and gear. This won't
just make your game better but can also avoid injury.

For starters, a medium-weight racquet is helpful as it aids in control and swing
and also helps in avoiding any wrist injuries.

The next most important thing for the racquet is a proper over-grip. The larger
grip helps in holding the racquet properly, especially when learning the game.

As far as the gear is concerned, eye protection is mandatory for beginners. The
ball travels really fast after hitting the wall and if it strikes the eye, it
could do serious damage.

While many of us have seen professional players participate without any safety
equipment, it is because they have spent years of practice in perfecting their
shots with compact follow-throughs.

A proper pair of shoes is also important to avoid injuries. Beginners should use
shoes with plenty of shock absorption so as to avoid any ankle sprains.
Similarly, these shoes will help in providing traction on the surface, which is
of course slippery and a fall there can result in serious injuries to the spinal
column. Remember, the important thing is to play squash, not get squashed.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     JULY 10, 2004 Saturday CITY-D EDITION

Agassi hits his targets;
His team won easily at Cabrini while also promoting tennis.

BYLINE: Mark Lelinwalla INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 537 words


Andre Agassi is an eight-time Grand Slam singles champion. He has won major
tennis tournaments such as the Australian Open, the U.S. Open, the French Open
and Wimbledon. In tennis, if you name it . . . he's done it.

Last night, his focus was simple: Win in Philadelphia.

"To be quite honest," Agassi said, "what I'm looking forward to the most is
finding a way to get the 'W' on the road here tonight.

"It may not make people here feel too good," he said jokingly, "but that's what
I'm here for."

Agassi plays for the Sacramento Capitals of the World Team Tennis pro league.
And Agassi, who has been with the Capitals for three consecutive summers, did
exactly what he came to do: He won on the road. His Capitals defeated the
Freedoms, 25-11, at Cabrini College in Radnor.

In his singles match, Agassi defeated John Paul Fruttero, 15-6. In doubles,
Agassi and Mark Knowles beat Fruttero and Josh Eagle, 5-3.

Agassi is not only the Capitals' leader, he's the league's ambassador.

"Team tennis has always been something I enjoy," Agassi said. "It's a great
thrill for me to be part of the team and bring tennis to cities that have either
never had it or don't get it anymore, like Philadelphia."

The WTT has been in existence for 24 years. The Freedoms got their name from the
Elton John song, "Philadelphia Freedom," which he wrote for Billie Jean King,
his friend and co-founder of the WTT.

In addition to helping to bring tennis to cities like Philadelphia, Agassi has
been a key player in contributing to the Ready-Set-Racket program, which will
give away 50,000 rackets to children this year to promote tennis. Any child who
attends a WTT match will receive a free racket and tennis ball.

Through the program, Agassi recently gave away 10,000 rackets to children at a
youth program he started in Las Vegas.

"Three or four years ago, the children in Vegas didn't even know how to hold the
tennis rackets, and since then we've had a few win state championships," Agassi
said. "This program is really ahead of the curve."

Like the program itself, Agassi, is trying to stay ahead of the curve, too - or
as much as his hip injury will allow him to. As he plays for the Capitals with
on-and-off pain in his hip, he's also preparing for his 19th U.S. Open later
this summer.

"For me, it's a year-by-year issue, and unfortunately, lately it's been a
day-by-day issue because of injury," Agassi, 34, said. "So all I can do is play
tennis and do my best to get ready for the U.S. Open."

For now, as a player and ambassador, Agassi and the WTT is working to promote
tennis to children.

"The WTT allows kids to dream that they can play professional tennis for their
hometown team the same way kids dream about playing for their hometown team in
baseball or basketball," said Ilana Kloss, the chief executive officer and
commissioner of the WTT. "Serena and Venus Williams attended a WTT match when
they were growing up in Los Angeles, and it inspired them to do what they're
doing right now.

"Philadelphia has great tennis history, so why can't the next big tennis star be
from right here in Philadelphia?"

Contact staff writer Mark Lelinwalla at 215-854-2458 or
mlelinwalla@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
BARBARA L. JOHNSTON, Inquirer Suburban Staff
Andre Agassi hits a return at Cabrini College against John Paul Fruttero.
Agassi's Sacramento Capitals beat the Philadelphia Freedoms, 25-11, last night
in a World Team Tennis matchup.

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             January 7, 2005 Friday
                                 First Edition

Eyes on Wimbledon;
The Good Summer Guide - IMPROVE YOUR TENNIS

BYLINE: Compiled by Jeni Port

SECTION: A3; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1181 words


Becoming serious about your tennis so that you beat the pants off your opponent,
is a worthwhile aim. But before you commit, just remember that becoming a tennis
legend doesn't come cheaply.

The Lessons

Essential really. Tennis Australia's website can put you in touch with a coach
(or a club) or you can check out Team Tennis (www.teamtennis.com.au) and its
range of coaching classes.

Every age group is catered for from the Super Kids Club (four to seven year
olds), Young Tigers (eight-10 year old) through to Train and Play Programs,
mid-week women's coaching and an International Tennis Training Program for the
superstars of tomorrow.

Classes are held at a range of venues including Xavier College, Balwyn Park
Tennis Club and Blackburn Park Tennis Club. Team Tennis also runs the Melbourne
Twilight Tennis series for some healthy competitive tennis after work. Phone
9859 2437.

The Racquet

Nothing - not your Nikes, not your cool outfit, headband or impressively large
player bag - will say more about you as a player than your racquet. It is an
extension of you so choose carefully. Online retailer Pro Direct
(prodirect.com.au) specialises in Rox and Prozone, while tennismart.com.au
offers a full range from Babolat, Fischer, Wilson, Yonex and Prince to Head. But
the real fun in tennis racquets is for the littlies. Nothing will boost their
confidence like a Wilson Titanium Agassi, Babolat Junior Roddick or Wilson Venus
and Serena (in hot pink!) tennis racquet. You may have to wait for delivery
while the Agassi and Roddick, et al, are shipped from America though. The
racquets, along with a truly mind-numbing array of tennis paraphernalia from
balls, games, books to accessories, equipment, apparel and footwear can be
viewed on the www.tennislovers.com site. Sadly, there are few Oz celeb racquets
with the exception of the Dunlop Volley Rafter Series junior ball swatter from
Rebel Sports (but it doesn't come in pink).

The Grand Slam/Events

The Australian Open in Melbourne - January 17-30 - is a must for the tennis
tragic. Barely will the dust on the rebound ace settle before it's time for the
start of Australia's Davis Cup campaign in March. Australia will play Austria on
grass at the Sydney International Tennis Centre on March 4-6. In May, it's over
to Paris and the French Open (May 23-June 3), then on to Wimbledon (June 20-July
3) before finally finishing the Grand Slam year in Flushing Meadows, New York,
with the US Open (August 29-September 11). The Events Worldwide Travel Group
based on the Mornington Peninsula (www.events.com.au) offers package deals to
the Aussie Open (think about 2006 and 2007 now) as well as the Davis Cup event
in Sydney and Wimbledon. Phone 1300 788 666 or 5989 7666.

The Club Membership

Would-be tennis legends need lots of court time and that means joining a club.
Your local tennis club will be reasonably priced (often starting as low as $100
a year) but facilities basic. The more serious you become the more you expect
from your club. Boroondara Tennis Club in North Balwyn (phone 9850 4500) has 23
floodlit courts, a variety of playing surfaces (synthetic grass, hardcourt,
rebound ace) as well as a clubhouse, kiosk, sports shop, outdoor gazebos and
barbecue facilities. It hosts many open and junior tournaments during the year
including the Milo Victorian Schoolboys and Schoolgirls Championships, the
Melbourne Open Championships, Junior Development Series and more.

However, the ultimate for the tennis-phile will be seeking membership to Kooyong
Lawn Tennis Club (phone 9822 3333) with its unrivalled tennis history, not to
mention 26 grass courts and 23 floodlit hard courts. It helps to be nominated by
members (but not essential) but be warned there is a waiting list - up to seven
years for playing membership - and the entry fees are steep, $1850 for adults
and $900 for juniors.

The Book/Video

It's time to get serious about your motivation. With titles like Deadly Drop
Shots and Lobs, Bollistic Backhand and Right Back Atcha Returns the videos
produced by the Bollettieri Tennis Academy in Florida have a kind of John
McEnroe take-no-prisoners type quality about them. Melbourne Sports Books at 80
Flinders Street (www.melsportsbooks.com.au) sells a range of Bollettieri videos
for $55.

For a greater psychological edge to your game try Complete Conditioning For
Tennis and Tennis Tactics ($33 each) written and published by the United States
Tennis Association.

Inspiration can come from watching some of the masters of the past as well as
today as a copy of The Fifth Set - Australia and The Davis Cup ($33.95 from ABC
Book Shops) will reveal.

The Australian Institute of Sport

If you think you - or your child - has the right stuff for a tennis career then
you should check out the residential scholarships available through AIS Tennis
based at Melbourne Park (phone 9286 1534). Around 15 youngsters are chosen each
year. A good showing at a national level as well as a "willingness" to reach
your best potential will put you in good stead. Future scholarship recipients
are also targeted through Tennis Australia (phone 9286 1177) tennis camps for
junior players.

The Tennis Resort

Ah, eight hours a day of tennis! This dream can be yours although the choices
are noticeably thinner on the ground in Australia compared to the US. The
Australian Tennis Academy at Oxford Falls (outside Sydney) offers accommodation
and tennis coaching and match play to suit your individual needs. Juniors and
adults are welcome. Phone (02) 9452 1300. Tennis Camps Australia
(tenniscampsaustralia.com) offers a Pro-Tennis Academy at the Marrickville Lawn
Tennis Club in Sydney or the Longwood Athletic Club in Florida.

However, the keenest tennis players head east for winter and book themselves
into the John Newcombe Tennis Ranch in New Braunfels, Texas. It has become a
home away from home for Aussie players of all ages. Juniors can live in for a
year and attend a local school while perfecting their forehand and adults can
visit weekdays or weekends for Newk's tennis clinics. Pay a little more and be
coached by and get matches against some legendary "pros".

Find out more from Newk's website newktennis.com.

The Court

You've got to love your tennis because next to your house and your car this will
be one of the biggest investments you ever make. Melbourne-based tennis court
builders A.S. Lodge Victoria Pty Ltd (phone 9457 5011) can build you a basic
court with a syn-pave surface (acrylic over concrete) for $35,000. However,
around 95 per cent of their customers choose to go with a synthetic grass
surface, bringing the total to between $38,000 and $44,000. With lights, you're
looking at $52,000.

The next step up for the budding professional is a rebound ace surface - the
same surface used in the Australian Open - and that means shelling out between
$70,000 and $80,000. A.S. Lodge have installed two rebound ace courts in
Melbourne whereas they lay around 100 synthetic courts a year. If you're
planning on landscaping with perhaps a neat little tennis pavilion for
spectators the grand total comes close to $100,000-$120,000.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: PICTURE: MARINA OLIPHANT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 17, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Rappaport honored for his rapport with squash

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 685 words


A week and a half ago Craig Rappaport was inducted into the Buffalo Squash
Racquets Association's Hall of Fame at a dinner at the Saturn Club.

Rappaport's selection was based on the fact that he had won the City Squash
Championship a record seven years in a row. For good measure he also won three
City Doubles Championships.

His singles reign is the second longest consecutive streak of any squash player
in the  long history of the Buffalo Squash Racquets Association. The only player
who had a more consecutive skein was the legendary Rev. Bob Hetherington, also a
Hall of Fame member (he of the "heavenly" touch) who compiled an amazing record
of 13 straight city singles championships from 1969-1982.

In addition to Rappaport's city singles titles run he was also a Second Team All
American in the sport in 1995 while playing for the University of Pennsylvania,
First Team All-Ivy League and First Team All American in 1996, and also won the
College Squash Skillman Award for outstanding sportsmanship throughout his
college career.

"Although I was fortunate to have won some prestigious awards in squash I valued
the Skillman Award most of all," Rappaport said. "The reason was because I was
selected by the members of my squash team."

Rappaport first got started in racket sports by playing racquetball at the
Greenfield Court Club in Lancaster, Pa. Jim Cascio, who was a racquetball pro
and owner of the club, noticed almost immediately that Rappaport had great
skills in the game.

"I played many junior racquetball tournaments and reached the quarterfinals in a
few national tournaments,"Rappaport said. "I even reached the finals of a World
Junior Racquetball Championship which was held in Jacksonville, Florida."

Unfortunately, almost every loss that he had in racquetball was against Sudsy
Monchik, who won virtually every junior and amateur tournament that he entered.
Monchik played professionally for many years and was the nation's number one
player five times, and is also a member of the National Racquetball Hall of
Fame.

Rappaport was an excellent student who matriculated at the University of
Pennsylvania. He had played a little squash at the Franklin & Marshall College
courts  in Pennsylvania in high school. However, he really started playing quite
a bit when he got to Penn. Fortunately, he met Ned Edwards, the squash coach
there, and Al Molloy, also a Buffalo Squash Hall of Famer, a former great Penn
squash coach. They were instrumental in teaching Rappaport the game during his
freshman year.

"Even though I made the team I rarely played," said Rappaport. "However, I was
just pleased to be on the squad."

Within a short period of time after his freshman year it was evident that his
prowess was increasing by leaps and bounds. "Racquetball really helped me get
acclimated to squash," Rappaport said. "My tenacity, conditioning, and shot
selection I attribute a lot to the racquetball that I played.

"Coaches Edwards and Molloy were instrumental in teaching me how to position
myself in front of my opponents to attain good court position and hit my shots
with great length."

Rappaport and his family moved to Orchard Park in 2003 to be near his wife's
family and loved the area. The squash players that he played against were just
thrilled to be on the court against him. Even though they knew that they had no
chance of winning, either in practice, or tournament play, every player was
impressed by his all-around court skills, great physical shape and his uncanny
sense of where the ball was going.

Scott Saperston, who was a close friend and competitor of Rappaport's said,
"Even though Craig had great squash skills his most outstanding traits were his
impeccable sportsmanship and demeanor on and off the court."

Rappaport and his family moved in 2010 to Simsbury, Conn. where he has been
working with Nova Casualty Insurance. "it was a career opportunity that my
family and I could not pass up.." Rappaport said. "However, I still  miss the
many wonderful people of the Western New York community that I had the good
fortune to become friends with," he said.

email: thegreatgar@verizon.net

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             August 21, 2006 Monday

IN OUR PAGES: 100, 75 AND 50 YEARS AGO;
1931: Anti-Freeze Racket

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 113 words


CHICAGO: This city, home of rackets, produced a new one today [Aug. 20] in which
nine young men had hoped to sell Lake Michigan to motorists at $5 a gallon as an
anti-freeze solution guaranteed to stand off the longest and hardest of winters.

Disclosure of the racket followed a raid on the ''chemical'' plant operated by
the nine and the seizure of 6,000 one-gallon cans. On the outside they were
labeled ''anti-freeze'' but they were found to contain Lake Michigan water,
colored to represent the legitimate product. The racket was described as having
limitless possibilities so long as Chicago continued to have freezing winters
and Chicagoans continued to drive automobiles.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                                 March 2, 2002

SPORT:RACQUET:Badmington

BYLINE: by Andrew McKinnon

SECTION: SPORT:RACQUET:Badmington, Pg.28

LENGTH: 438 words


Jos gold hopes are hit by injury

GRIMSBYS Commonwealth Games badminton gold medallist Joanne Davies wont be
defending her title this summer in Manchester after snapping a cruciate knee
ligament.

The 29-year-old racquet star suffered the major setback at the recent English
Nationals in Burgess Hill, Sussex and is now waiting for an operation at the
same Coventry clinic which saved Paul Gascoignes career.

Joannes operation, an intricate graft to repair the damaged knee, will be
performed by the Olympic squad surgeon, John Aldridge, in a couple of weeks
time.

Then shell be returning to her Milton Keynes home to recuperate and begin
rehabilitation at the England badminton squad headquarters.

Meanwhile she and her 10-month-old son Ethan are staying with her parents in
Yarborough Road, Grimsby until she has the surgery.

The news means Joanne, whose first serious injury this is in 17 years of playing
top flight badminton, will be out of action for nine months.

But, after the initial shock of having her career put on hold, she is
philosophical about the setback: "My knee went in the last point of a game and
it really couldnt have come at a worse time. Its a busy year with the
Commonwealth Games in England and I should have been at a tournament in Holland
this week.

"But its the first serious injury Ive had since I started playing when I was
12."

Now she has to be patient in order to complete a full recovery: "It will be six
months before I can rejoin the England squad and then probably another three
months before I regain full fitness.

"I should be ready to play in the World Championships in Sweden a year in May,
if selected," she explained.

Adding to the frustration Joannes toddler son is starting to walk and his
mothers lack of mobility can be a headache.

"He wants to be everywhere, I can get around on my crutches but obviously Im not
as mobile as I could be and its a good job Ive got my parents around."

Since becoming a star on the international badminton circuit, where she met
partner Jurgen van Leeuwen, a London-based marketing manager, Joanne has
travelled extensively.

She won the ladies team gold and the mixed doubles silver at the last
Commonwealth Games in Malaysia and had hoped to defend those titles in
Manchester in a few months time.

At the Sydney Olympics she reached the last 16 before losing out to the
second-ranked Korean team which went on to finish in the medals.

YOU REST MUM, I'LL TAKE CARE OF THE PHONE-CALLS!  Grimsby badminton star Joanne
Davies rests her damaged leg at home in Grimsby with her baby son Ethan Van
Leeuwen. Picture: Ray Corke.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2002 Grimsby Evening Telegraph


                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 19, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BUSINESS PEOPLE;
Wesray Appoints Head For Ailing Wilson Unit

BYLINE: By Kenneth N. Gilpin and Todd S. Purdum

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 415 words


As president and chief executive of the Prince Manufacturing Company in the late
1970's, John P. Murray helped build the then struggling maker of extra large
tennis racquets into a smash success before selling it to Cheseborough-Pond's
Inc. in 1982.

Now the Wesray Capital Corporation, the New Jersey investment company headed by
former Treasury Secretary William E. Simon, is banking that Mr. Murray can help
turn around the troubled Wilson Sporting Goods Company, which Wesray acquired
from Pepsico Inc. this week. The purchase price was not disclosed.

As chief executive of Wilson, which has been suffering losses for several years,
Mr. Murray succeeds John M. Cranor, 38, who will remain an executive at Pepsico.
Glenn Rupp, 40, formerly vice president and general manager of Wilson's
international division, succeeds Mr. Cranor as president and adds the new title
of chief operating officer.

Mr. Murray, 58, and Wesray officials could not be reached for comment yesterday.
But it seems clear the company is hoping he can duplicate his earlier success at
Prince. He joined that company in 1978 when it was struggling to market its new
extra large racquet designed by Howard Head, the former chairman of Head Ski
Company Inc.

Mr. Murray became a partner in the company, and helped revise its marketing
strategy for the racquet, which was initially scoffed at as an oversized
novelty. Under his direction, the company began to make more sophisticated
models, and to use graphite in making the racquet, whose sales eventually took
off. In 1982, Mr. Murray and Mr. Head sold the company to Cheseborough for $62.5
million.

Wilson, the nation's largest sporting goods maker, has been struggling for
years. Last year it posted an operating loss of $16.7 million on sales of $248
million. But Wesray is cutting costs and Mr. Murray has said he believes the
company will earn nearly $25 million next year.

Mr. Murray has been in the sporting goods business for more than 30 years.
Before joining Prince, he spent 24 years with the Atlantic Products Corporation,
a maker of golf bags. He was also a co-founder of the Golf Manufacturers and
Distributors Association.

Since 1982, Mr. Murray has been an independent consultant. He had signed a
non-compete agreement with Prince, but it expired this summer.

Mr. Wilson, who lives in Princeton and also has a home in Florida, is married
and has eight children. He will now take another home near Wilson's headquarters
in River Grove, Ill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Qualifier / for Special / Olympics / comes to B-N

BYLINE: PANTAGRAPH STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 216 words


NORMAL -- Twenty-two Special Olympics athletes and Unified Partners will take to
the courts Friday at Evergreen Racquet Club in Bloomington for the first Special
Olympics Illinois Heartland/Area 6 Unified Tennis Qualifier.

The competition begins at 6 p.m. Friday. The public is invited to watch the
competition, expected to be completed by 9 p.m. Taking part will be Special
Olympics Illinois athletes from Special Opportunities Available in Recreation
(S.O.A.R.). Heartland/Area 6 is composed of DeWitt, Livingston, Mason, McLean,
Peoria, Tazewell and Woodford counties.

Unified Sports joins people with and without intellectual disabilities on the
same team. It was inspired by the principle that training together and playing
together is a quick path to friendship and understanding. This event is a
Unified Doubles match play tennis competition.

Evergreen Racquet Club General Manager Colleen Curran and members are providing
volunteers and USTA officials for the first-time Area event.

"We at Evergreen Racquet Club are honored to be a part of this event," Curran
said. "Our vision is to be THE tennis development center for central Illinois
athletes of all ages and abilities. This tournament is a prime example of our
outreach to fulfill that mission."

Follow Joe Deacon on Twitter: @pg_deacon

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Pantagraph


                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Qualifier / for Special / Olympics / comes to B-N

BYLINE: PANTAGRAPH STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 216 words


NORMAL -- Twenty-two Special Olympics athletes and Unified Partners will take to
the courts Friday at Evergreen Racquet Club in Bloomington for the first Special
Olympics Illinois Heartland/Area 6 Unified Tennis Qualifier.

The competition begins at 6 p.m. Friday. The public is invited to watch the
competition, expected to be completed by 9 p.m. Taking part will be Special
Olympics Illinois athletes from Special Opportunities Available in Recreation
(S.O.A.R.). Heartland/Area 6 is composed of DeWitt, Livingston, Mason, McLean,
Peoria, Tazewell and Woodford counties.

Unified Sports joins people with and without intellectual disabilities on the
same team. It was inspired by the principle that training together and playing
together is a quick path to friendship and understanding. This event is a
Unified Doubles match play tennis competition.

Evergreen Racquet Club General Manager Colleen Curran and members are providing
volunteers and USTA officials for the first-time Area event.

"We at Evergreen Racquet Club are honored to be a part of this event," Curran
said. "Our vision is to be THE tennis development center for central Illinois
athletes of all ages and abilities. This tournament is a prime example of our
outreach to fulfill that mission."

Follow Joe Deacon on Twitter: @pg_deacon

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Pantagraph


                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Qualifier / for Special / Olympics / comes to B-N

BYLINE: PANTAGRAPH STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 216 words


NORMAL -- Twenty-two Special Olympics athletes and Unified Partners will take to
the courts Friday at Evergreen Racquet Club in Bloomington for the first Special
Olympics Illinois Heartland/Area 6 Unified Tennis Qualifier.

The competition begins at 6 p.m. Friday. The public is invited to watch the
competition, expected to be completed by 9 p.m. Taking part will be Special
Olympics Illinois athletes from Special Opportunities Available in Recreation
(S.O.A.R.). Heartland/Area 6 is composed of DeWitt, Livingston, Mason, McLean,
Peoria, Tazewell and Woodford counties.

Unified Sports joins people with and without intellectual disabilities on the
same team. It was inspired by the principle that training together and playing
together is a quick path to friendship and understanding. This event is a
Unified Doubles match play tennis competition.

Evergreen Racquet Club General Manager Colleen Curran and members are providing
volunteers and USTA officials for the first-time Area event.

"We at Evergreen Racquet Club are honored to be a part of this event," Curran
said. "Our vision is to be THE tennis development center for central Illinois
athletes of all ages and abilities. This tournament is a prime example of our
outreach to fulfill that mission."

Follow Joe Deacon on Twitter: @pg_deacon

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Pantagraph


                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 23, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

NORTH JUNIOR TENNIS LEAGUE BEGINS MARCH 9

BYLINE: Jodie Wagner

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD POST; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 725 words


In its Eastpointe Golf & Racquet Club debut last fall, the Palm Beach North
Junior Tennis League drew more than two dozen youngsters to the club's 10 clay
courts.

This spring, those numbers could bounce much higher.

"We're hoping for 30 to 40 kids," Eastpointe Golf & Racquet Club Director of
Tennis Frances O'Sullivan said of the league's sophomore session. "They like it
because they're playing real tennis."

The Palm Beach North Junior Tennis League, which begins March 9 and runs through
May 4, is a Youth League Tennis-sponsored program designed to give kids ages 7
to 14 the opportunity to play tennis in a structured, safe environment.

YLT, which is available in Florida and eight other states, was developed five
years ago by former Wimbledon competitor Laura Kassirer. A Broward County native
who now lives in California, Kassirer founded the non-profit public charitable
organization as a means to provide kids the opportunity to compete with players
of similar abilities.

Participants are divided into five color-coded groups based on skill, from
beginners through United States Tennis Association-tournament players. Various
rules of competition are instituted to ensure that all kids are able to compete
successfully.

"The unique thing about Youth League Tennis is that the goal is to get them to
play as soon as possible," O'Sullivan said of the YLT program, which also will
be offered this spring in Wellington, Boca Raton and Delray Beach. "There are
different rules for different levels so that they can play almost right away."

Beginners (green level) play 1 1/2 hours weekly with an instructor during the
eight-week program. Novice players (red level) practice their ground strokes and
serve with an instructor for 30 minutes and compete for 1 1/2 hours weekly. All
other levels (yellow, blue and purple) play matches for two hours weekly.
Players can move up or down in level during the season.

Last fall, all but the purple division was represented at Eastpointe.

"We had beginners through very beginning tournament players," O'Sullivan said.

The Palm Beach North Junior Tennis League will begin its spring session on March
9. Classes will be held on Saturdays, with the exception of April 12.

Cost is $145 through Feb. 28 and $155 through opening day. Balls, trophies,
progress reports and eight classes are included in each session fee. Players
must provide their own tennis rackets. Scholarships are available.

Classes will be held at Eastpointe Golf & Racquet Club at 13462 Crosspointe
Drive, Palm Beach Gardens, and will begin at 10:30 a.m. for green-level players
and at 10 a.m. for red, yellow, blue and purple--level players. Classes run
until noon.

For information, call 1-818-347-1898. To register, go online to
www.youthleaguetennis.org.

Women's golf association names Board: The Palm Beach County Chapter of the
Executive Women's Golf Association (EWGA) named its board of directors for 2008.

New officers are Nicole Sauvola, president; Kim Brown, vice president; Nicole
Schenkelberg, secretary; and Beth Schwartz, treasurer. Additional board members
are MaryLou Amendola, Mary-Lee Cobick, Nancy Hersey, Sara Hume, Ann Marie
Kelley, Jennifer Munro, Angie Niehoff, Karen Taylor and Vicki Wilson.

The local EWGA chapter offers a wide range of golf, business and social events,
networking opportunities, clinics and leagues for new and experienced golfers at
every ability level.

"Women of all skill levels and from all walks of life are discovering golf and
the many doors the sport can open to build lasting business and personal
relationships," Sauvola said. "From professional golfers on the LPGA tour to the
amateur Sunday-afternoon players, this is a very exciting time for women who are
interested in learning golf skills and the life lessons that this sport
represents."

Founded in Palm Beach County in 1991, the EWGA provides opportunities for women
to learn, play and enjoy the game of golf for business and for life. The
non-profit organization, with its headquarters in Palm Beach Gardens, has more
than 120 chapters throughout the United States, with international chapters in
Canada and France.

For information on the EWGA's Palm Beach County chapter, visit www.ewga-pbc.com.

Jodie Wagner is a sports writer for Neighborhood Post. She can be reached at
(561) 820-4537. Faxes can be sent to (561) 837-8320.

- jodie_wagner@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Palm Beach Gardens / North Palm Beach

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 Special to Neighborhood Post Eastpointe Golf & Racquet Club tennis instructor
Kabelo Masiane (right), demonstrates proper grip to a group of kids during last
fall's Youth League Tennis program at the club. A second eight-week YLT tennis
session will begin March 9.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday

Internet-famous Minnesota cubs doing well, still making a racket (with video)

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 274 words


Feb. 02--Here's a little update on Ely research bear Jewel and her two new cubs:
They still make a racket.

Researchers say the cubs, who were born in a camera-equipped den on Jan. 22,
have been coming out from under mama bear in the warm weather and "without
screaming about the cold, being lost, etc."

We, on the other hand, checked out the latest YouTube video and those cubs might
not be screaming about the cold, but they're definitely screaming about
something. It sounds like a healthy scream in any case.

Here is the video:

On Monday, researchers from the North American Bear Center posted on their
Facebook page that "for the last week, Jewel has frequently looked toward the
den entrance and started out only to settle back down when the cubs protested.
Today, with the temperature at 21 F and the cubs fussing about her ... she was
not to be deterred. She spent a full half hour crunching snow."

Jewel, a 3-year-old, is the sister of Lily, the bear whose cubs were born in
front of den cameras the previous two winters.

The camera in Jewel's den is one of three in the Ely area. Lily is again on
camera with her yearling Faith, and another web camera shows Ted, Lucky and
Honey, which are captive bears at the North American Bear Center.

Thousands of people watched on the Internet as Lily gave birth to a cub named
Hope on Jan. 22, 2010. Lily followed up last winter, giving birth to cubs Jason
and Faith. Jason died in April 2011, and Hope was shot by a hunter on Sept. 16.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120202-DU-Internet-famous-Minnesota-cubs-doing-well-still-making-a-
racket-with-video-0202-20120202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            August 24, 2010 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

GAME, SET, STYLE. GAME, STYLE SET

BYLINE: STORY BY PATRICIA SHERIDAN

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 559 words


The old query "Tennis anyone?" may now be replaced with "Tennis everyone!"

Tennis reached its peak in popularity during the 1970s, when more than 30
million people played. Participation declined in the '80s and '90s even as the
professional circuit blossomed.

But the game has been on the upswing in the 21st century, with participation
growing by 43 percent since 2000, according to a study conducted by the Sporting
Goods Manufacturer Association and Physical Activity Council.

Part of this growth is due to promotional efforts by the U.S. Tennis
Association, which has kept the sport strong despite the struggling economy. The
game has come a long way from Henry VIII's Tudor-era Hampton Court Palace, where
it was played only by the aristocracy on the Royal Tennis Court. On Monday,
talent from all over the world will descend on the Tennis Center in Flushing
Meadows, Queens, N.Y., for the U.S. Open Tennis Championships, which continues
through Sept. 12.

What has grown along with the fan base is an interest in the on-court ensembles
and gear, ranging from tennis superstar Venus Williams' designs to Burnout
T-shirts and Henry Brown bags.

"In women's tennis apparel, fit has become as important as design," said Paul
White, head of merchandise at the USTA.

A streamlined fit to show off those lean and buff bodies is what it's all about.
"Clean designs that are sized properly have stood tall in 2010," he said.

The quarter-pleat skort for women and reversible shorts for men are very popular
among the tennis-playing public, Mr. White added.

"From a lifestyle perspective, the Burnout T[-shirt] continues to trend well and
we've added our own evolution with [images of] flaming ball burnouts all over
the garment," he said.

Traditionalists will be happy to see Lacoste polo shirts with that famous
alligator (it's really a crocodile) emblem is still at the top of its game, as
is the other iconic emblem of country club classics, Ralph Lauren's polo player.
Polo Ralph Lauren is in its sixth year as official sponsor of U.S. Open apparel.

The 130-year-old French company Babolat has found a big following for its tennis
rackets and shoes. Mr. White says Wilson also has gained attention with its BLX
racket.

"An ad campaign for the BLX featuring Roger Federer serving as a 'tennis shrink'
has gotten a lot of laughs," he said.

Tennis champion Andy Roddick on the court in a Lacoste shirt and hat. He is
probably wearing Lacoste's new fragrance for men, Essential Sport.
www.lacoste.com

A small vintage looking, decoupage tray by Carol Kaas is available at Penhollows
on South Highland Avenue. www.penhollows.com

Wilson BLX tennis racquet. Tennis Village on Walnut Street in Shadyside carries
this brand and others. E-mail info@tennisvillage.biz

Lacoste new men's fragrance Essential Sport

Official RL Polo ball boy shirt available at the www.USOpenshop.org

Babolat tennis racquet available at Tennis Village on Walnut Street in
Shadyside. call 412-621-2399

The Maggie, a stylish quilted tennis by Henry Brown features a cotton gingham
interior and rubber bottom, one exterior racquet pocket, two side pockets and
two interior pockets and is available in several colors. www.henrybrownbags.com

U.S. Open Burnout Tee shirt available at www.USTA.com and www.USOpen.org.

Babolat's Propluse 2 Titanium shoe for men. It also has a variety of shoes for
children and women.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Patricia Sheridan: psheridan@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2613./

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Above: Official Polo Ralph Lauren ball boy shirt available at
the www.USOpenshop.org
PHOTO: Left: U.S. Open Burnout T-shirt available at www.USTA.com and
www.USOpen.org.
PHOTO: The Maggie, a stylish quilted tennis bag by Henry Brown, above, features
a cotton gingham interior and rubber bottom, one exterior racket pocket, two
side pockets and two interior pockets and is available in several colors.
www.henrybrownbags.com
PHOTO: Above: Babolat tennis racket available at Tennis Village on Walnut Street
in Shadyside. 412-621-2399
PHOTO: Right: Wilson BLX tennis racket. Tennis Village on Walnut Street in
Shadyside carries this brand and others. E-mail info@tennisvillage.biz
PHOTO: Below: Babolat's Propluse 2 Titanium shoe for men. The company also has a
variety of shoes for children and women.
PHOTO: Tennis champion Andy Roddick on the court in a Lacoste shirt and hat. He
might be wearing Lacoste's new fragrance for men, Essential Sport.
www.lacoste.com.
PHOTO: Top: A small vintage-looking decoupage tray by Carol Kaas is available at
Penhollows on South Highland Avenue. www.penhollows.com
PHOTO: Lacoste new men's fragrance Essential Sport \

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Short Stops

BYLINE: The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. SP02

LENGTH: 283  words


Williams sisters hit gold

Serena and Venus Williams will debut gold rackets at Wimbledon. Serena will play
with a black Wilson (K) Factor limited-edition racket and Venus will compete
with a white version featuring 22-carat gold leaf laid into the frame. The
Williams sisters will donate 10 autographed rackets for auction by The Breast
Cancer Research Foundation (BCRF), a not-for-profit organization that supports
clinical and genetic research on breast cancer.

Hart gear too hot to handle

Motocross racer Carey Hart lost about $300,000 US in motorcycles and gear when
the tractor-trailer transporting the equipment caught fire Tuesday evening near
downtown Salt Lake City. Hart, who is married to Grammy-winning pop star Pink,
was not in the truck. Eight racing motorcycles, several litres of gas, gear,
parts and a four-wheeler were all destroyed in the fire.

Skateboarding cancer activists to marshal stampede parade

Astronauts, Olympic medallists, sports heroes and celebrities from Jack Palance
to Spuds McKenzie have all been the grand marshal of the Calgary Stampede
parade. This year? Four pink-clad guys on skateboards. Rob Lewis, Benjamin
Jordan, Aaron Jackson and Carlos Koppen skateboarded 8,000 km last year from
their homes in Halifax to Vancouver to raise money to fight breast cancer. And
with the Stampede kicking off this year's festivities with its 30 Hours of Tough
campaign in support of the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation, Stampede president
George Brookman said it's a perfect fit. "Each president gets to pick what he
wants, but I think that reaching out to the community is the whole thing for the
Stampede," he said as the parade marshals were announced earlier this week.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

New York Sun exposé of waterfront rackets put in perspective

BYLINE: ROGER K. MILLER

SECTION: GETAWAY; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 518 words


By ROGER K. MILLER

"Dark Harbor: The War for the New York Waterfront," by Nathan Ward (Farrar,
Straus & Giroux, $26)

People who hate newspapers, whose numbers appear to be legion, choose to forget
that newspapers often have been the catalyst for useful, needed reform in
American life. Instances of such newspaper-induced reform, while not similarly
legion, have been many, but few have been as influential as the reporting of
Malcolm ("Mike") Johnson for the old New York Sun.

Johnson investigated organized crime's absolute control over New York's
waterfront. The investigation resulted in a 24-part series, "Crime on the
Waterfront," that ran in the Sun, the city's most conservative newspaper, in
November and December of 1948. The series won Johnson a Pulitzer Prize and was
the basis for the 1954 Oscar-winning movie "On the Waterfront."

The series still makes gripping reading, as I can attest, having read it five
years ago when it was published in book form. What Nathan Ward, a former editor
at American Heritage magazine, has done in "Dark Harbor" is to not only describe
Johnson's investigation, but put it into the context of its times, presenting a
nice slice of American history and evoking a wonderful era of newspapering.

Johnson was the first to reveal the existence of a sort of trade association in
crime that had originated during Prohibition. The key to the dockside rackets,
Johnson found, was mob control of the International Longshoremen's Association,
a union that was a haven for ex-convicts, through which mobsters were able to
control all key jobs on the piers and operate rackets without interference.

Ward shows how Johnson uncovered numerous rackets or crimes - extortion,
kickbacks on workers' wages, smuggling, usurious loan-sharking, padded payrolls
- but thievery was the biggest. It was so extensive, Johnson wrote, that it
amounted to "an unofficial national tax."

Among the consequences of Johnson's reporting were U.S. Sen. Estes Kefauver's
congressional hearings into organized crime. It also led to a number of reforms,
including the Port Authority Commission that oversees hiring along the New
York/New Jersey waterfront to this day; the expulsion of the ILA from the
AFL-CIO; and the imprisonment of the union president.

Perhaps greatest of all was the banning of the "shape-up," the system of hiring
that, Johnson wrote, permitted the rackets to flourish. Through the shape-up,
men were hired or rejected at the whim of a hiring boss, making it possible for
criminal gangs to place their own men in key jobs on the piers, thus solidifying
their rule. The system was replaced with hiring halls.

Two years after publishing the waterfront series, the Sun set for the last time
after 117 years' existence. Since then newspapers have been dying at an
increasing pace. It is good to learn that they did not all die in vain.

Roger K. Miller, a newspaperman for many years, is a novelist and freelance
writer. His second novel, "Dragon in Amber," was published this summer.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               Mill Basin Health

                       And Racquet 2350 East 69Th Street
                              Brooklyn,  NY 11234
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (718) 444-3600
URL: www.brooklynfitness.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Mill Basin Health And Racquet offers the most advanced and state of the art
fitness equipment in Brooklyn as well as the best indoor tennis facilities. We
are commited and proud to be Brooklyn's premiere Health and Racquet Club.  Our
guests enjoy an atmosphere of relaxation and cleanliness in our well maintained
facility, while being treated with respect by our professional staff. Please
call or e-mail us with any questions you have regarding Mill Basin Health And
Racquet, our services or any aspect of our full service health club.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 3,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 24, 1999, Wednesday

2 teams reach state tourney

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 704 words



Two teams with just one loss each in local league play have qualified for this
spring's state tournament in the USTA/Florida Section Senior Doubles League.

Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club's 4.0 senior women and the Shipwatch
Tennis Club's senior 4.0 men's team each concluded their local season this month
and will join St. Petersburg Tennis Center's senior 3.5 men's team at the May
competition.

Saturday's match with the Racquet Club clinched the women's 4.0 title for
Treasure Island. The teams were tied before the match, but wins by Susan Hobbs
and Patty Prestra in No. 1 and Lyn Klein and Sharon Carlile in No. 3 gave
Treasure Island the needed edge. Judy Grim and Darlene Winterowd also won on a
default in the third set.

"We've had good tennis throughout the season," said Hobbs, first-year team
captain. "Even though we lost only one match all season, competition was good."

Treasure Island's only loss was to the Racquet Club earlier in the season.
Rounding out the Treasure Island eight-player team are Joan Plaster and Margie
Schidt.

Doug Godinho, captain of the men's Shipwatch squad, feels confident of the
team's chances at the state tournament.

"Last year, we got to the final four at state," Godinho said. "This year, I feel
we are even stronger."

Godinho, Tim Kahle, John Beda, Charlie Brusovich and George Tochterman were on
last year's team at state and will team with Gene Crouse, Doug Danks and Harry
Erbe at state this spring.

MORE SENIOR LEAGUE: Following Innisbrook's 3-0 win over Lakewood Country Club in
the senior women's 3.5 race, Innisbrook is the only unbeaten team in the
division. This week's matches will conclude the season. . . . Feather Sound is
tied with Timber Pines in the senior women's 3.0 competition. This week's match
with McMullen at Timber Pines will either determine the overall winner if
McMullen wins or force a tie if Timber Pines wins. . . . Crescent Oaks has
captured the division title in the senior men's 3.0 race while this week's
Racquet Club-Royal Racquet Club match is important in the senior men's 4.5
competition. A Royal win would clinch the title while a Racquet Club victory
would force the March 6 Racquet Club-Safety Harbor match to determine the
division winner.

SUPER SENIOR WINNERS: Bob Meyerdierks of St. Petersburg repeated his 70s singles
title at this month's Super Seniors Championships at the St. Petersburg Tennis
Center. Also scoring singles trophies were local players Ed Hamilton in the 60s
and Alex Swetka in the 75s. Hamilton teamed with Paul Krebs to win the 60s
doubles title while Swetka partnered with Mike Easi of Pennsylvania to capture
the 75s doubles. Meyerdierks and Easi were finalists in the 70s doubles contest.

JUNIORS AT DESIGNATED: Kyle Nelson played his best designated tournament tennis
this month to finish fourth in the boys 18-and-under division. Also scoring
strong finishes were Michael Murray with a fifth-place finish in the 18s;
Alexandria Liles third in the 16s; George Navas fourth in the 12s. Top-seeded
Kelly McCain was runner-up in the girls 18s. The designated events were held in
South Florida last week.

QUAY TO COACH: Kevin Quay, teaching professional at the Bardmoor Golf and Tennis
Club, has been named head coach of this summer's USTA 12 Zone Team
Championships. Quay was chosen by the USTA/Florida Section's Junior Competitive
Tennis Council to serve as head coach along with four assistants for the July
24-30 event scheduled in Nashville, Tenn. The zone team event is a part of the
USTA Player Development Program and is designed to emphasize fun and comraderie
along with competition.

Coaches selected must have passed the Level 1 Sports Science Competency Test, be
certified by either of the two professional teaching organizations, be a member
of the USTA and have been involved in one of the state's area training centers.

RACQUET CLUB DOWNS SHIPWATCH: The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg blemished
Shipwatch Tennis Club's unbeaten record in the USTA/Florida Section 7.5 Adult
Mixed Doubles League this month. Patty Johnston and Bill Young in No. 1 and Kari
Dickerson and Scott Johnston in No. 2 earned wins for the Racquet Club to give
the 2-1 victory over Shipwatch.


LOAD-DATE: February 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 2, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

ARIZONA

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 120 words


Winners at the Sedona Family Open tennis tournament at Sedona Racquet Club:

Brother-brother: Greg and Mike Krogh, Phoenix. Husband-wife - 35-and- under: Tom
and Sue Marshall, Tempe. 36-45: Bob and Helen Howard, Phoenix. Open: Eric and
Karen Kessler, Scottsdale. In-laws mixed: Thomas Marshall and Cathy Griffen,
Tempe. Mother-daughter: Maxine King, Phoenix, and Joan Harkins, Mesa.
Father-son: Bob and Mac Krogh, Sedona. Father-daughter: Joe and Angelina Felice,
Albuquerque. Mother-son: Gay and Greg Krogh, Scottsdale. Grandparent-grandchild:
Kevin Newman and Gerard Lemionet, Scottsdale. Sister- sister: Holly Kessler and
Collette Ross, Scottsdale. Sister-brother: Eric Kessler and Collette Ross,
Scottsdale.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 27, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

RACKETS IN RETROSPECT AN EXHIBIT ON ST. LOUIS TENNIS HISTORY RECALLS AN EARLY;
'BATTLE OF THE SEXES'

BYLINE: Ron Cobb Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 819 words


FOR ALL the hoopla that accompanied those so-called battles of the sexes in 1973
- Bobby Riggs vs. Margaret Smith Court and then Riggs vs. Billie Jean King - it
wasn't as if they were breaking new ground in tennis.  In 1928, the Triple A
Club in Forest Park was the scene of a mixed-gender confrontation that, from a
competitive standpoint, was superior to the Riggs fiascos. By '73, Riggs, the
1939 Wimbledon champion, was past his prime at 55 years old.  The matchup at
Triple A was Helen Wills, one of the greatest players of the century, who had
already won five U.S. singles titles at Forest Hills and two Wimbledon singles
titles (and went on to win once more at Forest Hills and six more times at
Wimbledon), vs. St. Louisan Wray Brown, a leading player of the day who last
year was inducted posthumously into the St. Louis Tennis Hall of Fame. Brown was
ranked No. 10 in the United States in 1925 and was a member of the U.S. Davis
Cup team in 1926.  Crowds of about 2,000 jammed onto the grounds at Triple A on
the weekend of Sept. 22-23, 1928, to watch Wills and Brown go head-to-head over
two days. A photograph of Wills from that weekend, when she also played in two
doubles matches, is part of a Missouri Historical Society mini-exhibit that went
on display Saturday at the History Museum in the Jefferson Memorial Building in
Forest Park. The exhibit, ''Tennis Everyone? A St. Louis Sporting Tradition,''
leans heavily toward photos but also includes some artifacts that trace tennis
from its introduction in St. Louis in the 1880s.  The exhibit opened on the same
day that St. Louis was hailed as ''Tennis City of the Year,'' an honor bestowed
by the International Tennis Hall of Fame. The celebration took place last
weekend at the Triple A Club as part of its annual Hall of Fame Festival.  Other
items in the exhibit include: A U.S. Clay Courts trophy won in 1920 by Corinne
Gould, the first St. Louis woman to win a national championship.  A 1900-1910
vintage racket.  Medals won by Ted Eggmann, a top St. Louis-area player in the
Wray Brown era.  What the exhibit does not include is the racket that Wills used
in her matches against Brown. She donated the racket to Triple A, and it remains
on display in the clubhouse.  According to one of the newspaper accounts of the
matches, the crowd at Triple A was decidedly pro-Wills, she being the underdog
despite the fact that the star from California was, as one sportswriter
described her, ''the feminine ruler of the tennis universe,'' ''the inimitable
goddess of the tennis world'' and ''the Golden Gate wonder.'' In the Saturday
exhibition, Wills and Brown played two sets and split them.  Brown won the first
6-2 and was leading the second 5-3 before Wills rallied to win 9-7.  The
newspaper reviews of Wills were favorable, topped by this one: ''In sheer power
there was scarcely a perceptible difference between her game and that of our
district champion. Back and forth in bristling rallies the ball sped with equal
velocity. Only in fleetness of foot was she inferior to her masculine adversary.
. . . Helen Wills, we should think, might have met any man of them all, save
(Bill) Tilden at his terroristic top, and debated supremacy on terms of rigorous
equality.'' On Sunday, Wills startled Brown by taking a 5-1 lead in the first
set, only to see Brown run off 11 straight games for a 7-5, 6-0 victory. None of
the newspaper accounts described Wills' reaction to the loss, but in 1976, in a
retrospective of the Triple A Club in the Post-Dispatch, former St. Louis
sportswriter W. Vernon Tietjen wrote that Wills was so distraught that she
''headed quickly for the clubhouse, tears streaming down her cheeks.'' Tietjen
had joined Triple A in 1926 and was himself a ranked tennis player in St. Louis.
Reached by telephone the other day at his home in The Dalles, Ore., Tietjen
reiterated his account.  ''She was really broken up because Brown rea lly
humiliated her,'' he said.  ''She took it very, very hard, believe me. I think I
saw her in the clubhouse.'' It was Brown's change of tactics that turned the
match, Tietjen said. After trying to outslug Wills from the baseline, he said,
Brown switched to a strategy of drop shots and lobs.  ''Brown was very cagey,''
Tietjen said. ''Bill Tilden called him the best strategist in the game.'' Ward
Parker, a longtime tennis champion and an unofficial St. Louis tennis historian,
didn't see the Brown-Wills matches, but he understands that the idea sprung from
a remark that Wills' mother made to Brown's mother when the Willses were guests
in the Browns' home.  ''Helen Wills' mother said Helen could beat the No. 10
male player,'' Parker said. ''Mrs. Brown disagreed and said something to Wray.
That's the story I heard.'' The History Museum is open Tuesday through Sunday,
9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is free. The exhibit will be on display through
the rest of the year.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO ... TOP: Helen Wills at the Triple A Club in 1928. PHOTO
... ABOVE MIDDLE: Members of The Old Friends Club, circa 1889. PHOTO of
advertisement with sketch ... ABOVE: Tennis was the theme of an ad for Falstaff
beer. PHOTO by E. Boehl ... ''Lawn Tennis in Forest Park, 1898, '' a photograph
by E. Boehl. PHOTO ... TOP INSET: The 1961 Sumner High School tennis team was
coach by Dick Hudlin (center) and included Arthur Ashe (fourth from left). PHOTO
... ABOVE: A 1955 clinic at Tower Grove Park run by longtime St. Louis teaching
pro Earl Buchholz.

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

Cramps hobble Raonic

BYLINE: NC McGaughey Chris; The Associated Press

SECTION: 2,B; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 509 words


NEW YORK   The cramping became so debilitating, Milos Raonic said, he couldn t
grip his racket properly.

The Wimbledon runner-up just last month, and seeded No. 5 at the U.S. Open,
Raonic began to feel pain near his left wrist midway through the second set of
what would become a stunning 6-7 (4), 7-5, 7-5, 6-1 second-round loss to
120th-ranked American qualifier Ryan Harrison on Wednesday.

Eventually, the problem spread to Raonic s right forearm. Then both thighs. Then
his left hip flexor. Afterward, his back seized up when he tried to sling his
equipment bag over a shoulder. No way to try to win a tennis match. Or to serve:
That s normally his most effective stroke, yet he double-faulted 15 times.

It was just catching me all over,  Raonic said.  I started getting small
(cramps) where I couldn t hold the racket. I couldn t switch grips from one
point to the next. There were a few points where I would hold the racket with my
left and try to stretch out my right hand in between shots   and that s not
going to work.

He was one of a trio of highly seeded players to exit Flushing Meadows on Day 3,
although the other departures were less surprising.

No. 3 Garbine Muguruza, the French Open champion, made 38 unforced errors and
bowed out 7-5, 6-4 against Anastasija Sevastova at night. All four of Muguruza s
U.S. Open appearances have ended in the first or second round. No. 9 Svetlana
Kuznetsova, the 2004 champion, took the first four games before losing 6-4, 6-4
to Caroline Wozniacki, who is unseeded but can rely on the muscle memory from
two trips to the final in New York.

Later under the lights, 14-time major champion Rafael Nadal was to face Andreas
Seppi.

Raonic was a semifinalist at Wimbledon in 2014 and at the Australian Open this
January. Then, while briefly working with John McEnroe, he beat Roger Federer in
the semifinals at the All England Club in July to reach his first Grand Slam
final.

I was my own worst enemy today,  Raonic said.  I tried the best I could to find
my way out of it. My body didn t let me.

Harrison, meanwhile, finally has the sort of breakthrough victory predicted long
ago for him. He entered Wednesday with a 1-26 record for his career against
top-10 opponents

The 24-year-old, born in Louisiana and now based in Texas, earned his first trip
to the third round at a Grand Slam tournament. He had been 0-6 in second-round
matches.

Until Monday, Harrison hadn t won a main-draw match at any major in 3½ years.

It s mental maturity, a little bit of stabilization with everything around me
that is allowing me to play with a sense of calm and also with excitement,  said
Harrison, who turned pro nearly a decade ago and reached a top ranking of 43rd
in 2012.  My personality is a very fiery one. I like to be really intense when I
m competing, flirt with that line of getting so intense that it (was) taking me
away from what I was trying to accomplish.



Milos Raonic winces as he returns a shot to Ryan Harrison during the second
round of the U.S. Open on Wednesday in New York. Alex Brandon/Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 31, 1987, Saturday, City Edition

Racquet club relies on 'steady force'

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Tennis; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 527 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



CLEARWATER - Royal Racquet Club in Clearwater has undergone a    variety of
changes in its 14-year existence, but the one constant is    Helen St. John.

      St. John has worked at the 12-court tennis complex for nearly 10    years
and calls herself "Girl Friday." Members of the club think of    her as the
club's steady force.

      "I guess if I had a title it would be receptionist," said the
Pennsylvania native who has lived in Clearwater 26 years. "I handle    mainly
the paperwork, although I kind of float around and handle other    jobs as
well."

      A job that St. John manages is adjusting to staff changes at the    club.
During her years at Royal, seven teaching pros have directed the    club's
activities.

      Royal Racquet Club was bought in 1979 by the late Harry Hopman,    who
needed additional courts for his academy, located at Bardmoor    Country Club in
Largo. Since that time, Hopman-trained pros have    directed the club, including
the present manager Willie Schuette.

      "Helen certainly has made my job easier," said Schuette, who    came to
Royal a year-and-a half ago. "She has a good rapport with the    members,
understands me and knows the goals of the club."

       According to Lucy Hopman, who now manages the Harry    Hopman/Saddlebrook
International Tennis at Saddlebrook Resort in Wesley    Chapel in Pasco County,
St. John has made a significant difference at    the club.



 Notes    Junior tournament: The Pete Wolfberg Junior Invitational, a
state-sanctioned event for 18-year olds-and-younger, begins today at    Royal
Racquet Club. At least 120 players are entered with a 32-player    draw in the
boys' 16 and 18 divisions.

      The tournament was named in honor of Pete Wolfberg, a 10-year USTA
certified umpire and referee who has been involved in more than 200 FTA
tournaments.





   Local winners: Five singles players and two doubles teams won age    division
championships in the River Crossing Adult Championships in New    Port Richey
last weekend.

      In the women's singles divisions, Pat Moore of Safety Harbor    defeated
Jean Lipton of Safety Harbor 6-3,4-6,6-4 in the women's 40s    and Largo's
Belinda Welt defeated Stacy Resmondo of Port Richey 6-1,6-2    in the open.

      Largo players Allen Bloore, Don Kaiser and Jim Owen won the men's    open,
50s and 60s, respectively. Bloore defeated Ken Jones of New Port    Richey
6-0,6-0; Kaiser won 6-1,6-1 over Clearwater's Mike Stegmayer;

 and Owen defeated Wally Ryan of Homosassa 6-2,6-3.

      Cassie Pluymers of Safety Harbor won two doubles' titles by    teaming
with Vicki Stilwell of Oldsmar in the 30s and Nancy Morgan in    the 40s.

      Earlier this month, Pluymers and Stilwell won the Florida State    Closed
30 Doubles Championship in Bradenton with a 7-6(7-5),4-6,6-4    upset over
top-seed Liliana Bravo and Mary Robinson from Sarasota.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             October 9, 2006 Monday

Sports Digest

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 509 words


LONDON Cricket

Terrorists planned

to kill Aussie, English teams at Ashes Test

Terrorists plotted to kill the Australian and England teams by pumping poisonous
gas into their change rooms at an Ashes Test last year at the Edgbaston cricket
centre near Birmingham, the Sunday Times reports.

The London newspaper said the plan didn't go ahead after the two supposed
attackers fought over the idea because one was a cricket fan.

The plot was being considered as a backup to the July 7, 2005, attacks on subway
cars and a bus in London killing 52 commuters.

Soccer

Jamaica beats Canada in Kingston friendly

Luton Shelton and Demar Phillips scored two minutes apart late in the first
half, as Jamaica rallied to beat Canada 2-1 in an exhibition game last night.

Tomasz Radzinski gave Canada the lead in the ninth minute.

Jamaica, which lost to Canada 1-0 in Montreal on Sept. 4, was eliminated Oct.1
from the Caribbean Cup and CONCACAF Gold Cup qualifying.

Cricket

Zimbabwe no match for West Indies

Opener Chris Gayle struck a brisk 41 after claiming three wickets for three runs
yesterday as the West Indies coasted to a nine-wicket victory over Zimbabwe in a
limited-overs qualifier for the ICC Champions Trophy.

Spurred by Gayle's stroke-filled knock, the West Indies raced to 90 for one in
14.2 overs after bundling Zimbabwe out for a paltry 85 in 30.1 overs.

Tennis

Graf saves Agassi's racquets from auction

Andre Agassi nearly lost a grip on two special racquets at a benefit auction
before his wife Steffi Graf bought them for $360,000 (U.S.).

In the live auction before Agassi's 11th Grand Slam for Children on Saturday at
the MGM Grand Garden Arena, the tennis star was almost ready to donate the
racquet with which he won his first pro match, and the racquet he used in his
final U.S. Open.

Bidding topped $320,000 before Graf intervened.

"Those racquets are supposed to stay with us," she said after placing the top
bid.

No. 1 Federer coasts to first Japan Open crown

Roger Federer took advantage of some costly mistakes by Britain's Tim Henman
yesterday to win his first Japan Open. Top-ranked Federer coasted to a 6-3, 6-3
win.

Basketball

Parker shines at home against Maccabi

Tony Parker scored 27 points to help the San Antonio Spurs beat Maccabi Tel Aviv
97-84 in an exhibition game yesterday.

Tim Duncan added 15 points, while Manu Ginobili scored 10 to give the Spurs
their second straight win in France, Parker's home country.

Softball

Canada advances to Pan Am medal round

Ian Fehrman of Townsend, Ont., and Ryan Wolfe of Melbourne, Ont., each hit
two-run homers as Canada advanced to the medal round of the Pan-American
softball championship with a 4-1 win over the United States.

Jeff Ellsworth of Alberton, P.E.I., walked and scored on Fehrman's blast. Frank
Cox of Owen Sound earned the win for Canada.

Field Hockey

Dutch beat Aussies

to claim World Cup

The Netherlands won the women's World Cup for the sixth time with a 3-1 victory
over Australia yesterday.

Maartje Paumen, with two, and Sylvia Karres scored for the Dutch.

With files from star wire services

sports digest

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 17, 2001 Monday Five Star Lift Edition

FRONTENAC DELAYS ACTION ON DISTRICT AFTER HEARING;
 COMMERCIAL AREA IS TARGET OF LAWSUIT;
 "CITY TRYING TO PROTECT AREA"

BYLINE: Sterling Levy Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: WEST POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 672 words


A plan to gather some of the key commercial areas of Frontenac's West End Park
neighborhood into a 14-acre planning district has been delayed by aldermen after
a marathon public hearing and discussion.

On the night of the hearing last week, officials learned a lawsuit had been
filed against the plan.

If approved and upheld in court, the West End Park Commercial Center District
would require any new development in the area to be part of a plan for the
entire district, presumably with new roads and amenities.

The plan covers an area centered on German Boulevard from Lindbergh Boulevard
west to Dwyer Avenue, excluding the Frontenac Bank and Old Frontenac Square,
which includes Coco's Restaurant.

German Boulevard Corp., which owns the bulk of the site including the Frontenac
Racquet Club, says the plan is unreasonably restrictive on the future
development rights of the corporation and other landowners.

"We're asserting that and have other issues," lawyer A. J. Chivetta said after
addressing and arguing with members of the Board of Aldermen for more than 30
minutes.

The lawsuit was mentioned only in passing.

Swayed by opposition from the racquet club and other landowners, the board voted
to table the issue and ask the Planning and Zoning Commission for a review and
further recommendation.

The commission approved the planning district in October.

West End Park is a commercial and residential area west of Lindbergh Boulevard,
physically isolated from the rest of Frontenac by an abandoned quarry.

Its homes, north of the commercial area along German Boulevard, are smaller than
those in most of the rest of Frontenac, and unlike other parts of the
municipality, are not represented by an active trusteeship.

Instead, an association has represented residents' interests before aldermen.

Periodic redevelopment plans for the commercial core have been opposed by
residents, who would have to share the primary entrance at German and Lindbergh,
as well as various elected officials, who were not satisfied with the plan in
general.

The majority of the board has indicated that it shares the view that the area
has been in decline and needs a commercial boost.

Complicating the situation is the fact that the club was developed in 1974 as a
conditional use on residential land, and Frontenac retains full zoning rights
concerning any new use.

"We're not working with any developer, no one is pushing us," Mayor Saundra
Sobelman said of the 14-acre plan.

"The city is just trying to protect the area as a viable commercial area, rather
than seeing it have something the people don't want," added Alderman Greg
Hellman, 1st Ward.

The racquet club has about 1,000 members, manager Justina Bricka says.

Sales tax proposal

The board also agreed to place on the April ballot a proposal for a sales tax of
one-fourth of 1 percent to support fire protection.

In St. Louis County, a handful of cities' voters have approved the new tax under
a recent state law applicable to cities with fire departments.

The tax would produce an estimated $370,000 a year in new revenue. Currently,
Frontenac spends $1.2 million a year on fire protection.

Frontenac is facing increasing costs, and the board would like to consider
having an ambulance service, rather than a private service under contract.

The sales tax would need approval by a majority for passage. The sales-tax rate
is now 6.875 percent, including 1.25 percent for municipal government.

Under a newly approved contract, Crystal Lake Park will pay $80,300 to Frontenac
in the first year of a new contract for all public-safety services, including
police, fire, contracted ambulance service and dispatching.

The previous annual rate was $73,000 under an expiring contract that pr ovided
increases annually after 1996.

Frontenac also serves Huntleigh and recently signed a contract for a
continuation at a proportional cost increase.

Officials said the increases were intended to meet inflation and the cost of
services.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 19, 1992, Sunday, City Edition

Team co-writes a memorable story

BYLINE: DARRELL FRY

SECTION: SPORTS; CLAY COURTS NOTEBOOK; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 427 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



After Saturday's singles semifinals, there were only a few fans left for Trevor
Kronemann's and Mike Briggs' 4-6, 7-6 (7-5), 7-6 (7-3) semifinal win over Shelby
Cannon and Greg Van Emburgh.

    Yet the duo may be the story of the tournament. They had to win two
qualifying matches just to get into the main draw, then shocked the top-seeded
team of Ken Flach and Todd Witsken and play an improbable final today against
Luiz Mattar and Andrei Olhovskiy.

    It's the first ATP Tour final for Kronemann and Briggs. They arrived in
dramatic fashion, fighting through nine game points before winning the third-set
tiebreaker.

    A win today would be especially sweet for Kronemann, a Manatee High graduate
who lives in Bradenton and is playing in front of his father, Charles, mother,
Darlene, and sister, Tisha. Trevor said he would like to win today for his
father, who had a heart attack and nearly died a few years ago.

    "We've got two more sets to win. Hopefully, it will be a fairy-tale ending,"
the 23-year-old pro said.
 Tournament strings
 two workers along

   Harbour Island racket-stringers Karen Turman and Gewan Maharaj had an
unusually busy week.

    When there's not a pro tournament played here, the two stringers crank out
about 20 jobs a week. But during the 32-player event, Turman and Maharaj have
strung an average of 20 rackets apiece per day.
 Tension mounts
 for Yzaga's racket


   Speaking of stringing: Finalist Jaime Yzaga has been keeping the pro shop
busy.

    Yzaga had his racket re-strung at least four times Saturday. After each
stringing, he tapped the racket on his palm to listen to the tension. Late in
the day, Yzaga said he still had not found a satisfactory tension.
 Flying finish
 for Mezzadri


   Claudio Mezzadri was in a hurry to leave after his three-set loss to Yzaga,
but not because he was upset. He had a reservation for a Saturday flight to
Portugal, site of his next tournament, a USTA Challenger event.
 DARRELL FRY
 The facts
      Finalist: (3) MaliVai Washington, Swartz Creek, Mich., ranked 33rd, vs.
(4) Jaime Yzaga, Peru, ranked 56th.


    When: 1 p.m., today.


    Head to head: Yzaga leads 3-1.


    Last meeting: February 1992, Scottsdale, Hardcourts.  Washington won 6-4,
6-3.
 Winner's check: $ 33,800.


    Tickets: Still available. Call TicketMaster, 287-8844.


    Directions: Take Ashley Street exit downtown off I-275. Follow signs to
Harbour Island.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, BRIAN BAER; MaliVai Washington drills the ball back at
Franco Davin in a match at the USTA Clay Courts of Tampa at Harbour Island.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

When Maria left her Prince, the writing was on the wall

BYLINE: David Robertson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 190 words


They may have been synonymous with tennis greats such as Jimmy Connors and
Martina Navratilova, but the New Jersey-based maker of Prince rackets has bowed
to the power of rivals such as Nike and filed for bankruptcy protection (David
Robertson writes).

Prince Sports, the pioneer of oversized racket heads, said yesterday that it had
debts of $77 million and a book value of about $55 million, forcing it to take
shelter while it first restructured and then re-emerged from bankruptcy under
the ownership of Authentic Brands, controller of the intellectual property
rights to the estates of Marilyn Monroe and Bob Marley.

Prince started life in 1970 as a maker of tennis-ball machines, but its rackets
were quickly picked up by the great and good, eager to use innovations such as
the oversized racket head, longbody rackets and the first synthetic strings.

But as its vintage models gather dust in garages nationwide, Prince has
struggled to match the marketing spending of its rivals and it lost Maria
Sharapova, its best-known and most marketable modern name, to Head last year.
Gael Monfils and Vera Zvonareva somehow lack the same appeal.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOWARD EARL SIMMONS / GETTY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

When Maria left her Prince, the writing was on the wall

BYLINE: David Robertson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 190 words


They may have been synonymous with tennis greats such as Jimmy Connors and
Martina Navratilova, but the New Jersey-based maker of Prince rackets has bowed
to the power of rivals such as Nike and filed for bankruptcy protection (David
Robertson writes).

Prince Sports, the pioneer of oversized racket heads, said yesterday that it had
debts of $77 million and a book value of about $55 million, forcing it to take
shelter while it first restructured and then re-emerged from bankruptcy under
the ownership of Authentic Brands, controller of the intellectual property
rights to the estates of Marilyn Monroe and Bob Marley.

Prince started life in 1970 as a maker of tennis-ball machines, but its rackets
were quickly picked up by the great and good, eager to use innovations such as
the oversized racket head, longbody rackets and the first synthetic strings.

But as its vintage models gather dust in garages nationwide, Prince has
struggled to match the marketing spending of its rivals and it lost Maria
Sharapova, its best-known and most marketable modern name, to Head last year.
Gael Monfils and Vera Zvonareva somehow lack the same appeal.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOWARD EARL SIMMONS / GETTY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

When Maria left her Prince, the writing was on the wall

BYLINE: David Robertson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 190 words


They may have been synonymous with tennis greats such as Jimmy Connors and
Martina Navratilova, but the New Jersey-based maker of Prince rackets has bowed
to the power of rivals such as Nike and filed for bankruptcy protection (David
Robertson writes).

Prince Sports, the pioneer of oversized racket heads, said yesterday that it had
debts of $77 million and a book value of about $55 million, forcing it to take
shelter while it first restructured and then re-emerged from bankruptcy under
the ownership of Authentic Brands, controller of the intellectual property
rights to the estates of Marilyn Monroe and Bob Marley.

Prince started life in 1970 as a maker of tennis-ball machines, but its rackets
were quickly picked up by the great and good, eager to use innovations such as
the oversized racket head, longbody rackets and the first synthetic strings.

But as its vintage models gather dust in garages nationwide, Prince has
struggled to match the marketing spending of its rivals and it lost Maria
Sharapova, its best-known and most marketable modern name, to Head last year.
Gael Monfils and Vera Zvonareva somehow lack the same appeal.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOWARD EARL SIMMONS / GETTY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    May 25, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

WARD REACHES SEMIFINALS OF MEN'S 35 NATIONALS

BYLINE: Ron Cobb Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 315 words


Although Dick Schneider of Eden Prairie, Minn., was mowed down 6-2, 6-2 by
hometown favorite Terry Ward in Monday night's quarterfinals, he isn't ready to
concede Ward the USTA National Indoor Men's 35 tennis title.  "He's capable, but
he'll have to play really well," said Schneider, the 1991 runner-up here. "The
guys in the other half play better than I do, so he'll have to play better. It
won't be as easy as it was today." Ward, playing in his first 35-and-over
tournament, will face unseeded Glenn Williams of Watauga, Texas, in a semifinal
at 6:30 tonight at Town & Country Racquet Club. Williams has knocked off two
seeds in succession - No. 8 Rocky Royer of Santa Fe, N.M., in the fourth round
and No. 2 Marty Wolf of Cincinnati in the quarterfinals, 7-6, 7-6.  At 5 p.m.,
top-seeded and 1990 champion Sal Castillo of San Antonio will play the winner of
a late Monday quarterfinal between fourth-seeded Mike Shore of Bellevue, Wash.,
and Mike Tammen of Portland, Ore.  The singles semifinals will be followed by
the doubles semis. Illinoisans Mike Barr and Tom Tranter are into the
semifinals, but other matches were pending. Ward and David Mathews of Lithonia,
Ga., are to play their doubles quarterfinal today.  Among the teams eliminated
Monday were 1991 champions Dick Johnson and Jorge Ramirez of St. Louis. They
fell to the Ohioans Wolf and John Mirlisena 6-7, 7-6, 7-5.  Ward, the Town &
Country Racquet Club general manager, is relieved to be acquitting himself well.
"I'm very happy," he said. "Yeah, there are always doubts. This match was in the
balance constantly. The score was 2 and 2, but in the blink of an eye the
momentum changes. It takes every ounce of focus to put away a guy who has this
kind of game." Until he arrived here, Schneider didn't know a thing about Ward.
"He's been on a roll all week," he said, "so I knew I was in for a tough match."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 3, 1990, Tuesday, City Edition

What's hot and what's not in on-court couture

BYLINE: DARRELL FRY

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 832 words



There's a lot to be learned by watching Wimbledon this week.  Tennis fashion,
however, is not one of them.

    As the fortnight rolls on, don't take any Wimbledon fashion tips with you to
the local club, but rather check out this list of what's hot and what's not.

    Clothes: In tennis, probably more so than any other sport, looking good is
almost as important as how you well play. And although Wimbledon officials might
not agree, the Nike outfits that Andre Agassi wears are the most "in" clothes on
the market. The black-and-hot-lava shirt and gray shorts, with the pink cycling
shorts underneath, cost about $ 95.

    If you still have a drawer full of Agassi's signature denim shorts, don't
worry about it. They are still popular. Longer, loose-fitting "training" shorts
also are trendy.

    Women are into bigger-pleated skirts and shirts with cap sleeves.  Of
course, make sure they have lots of bright colors. These outfits usually run
about $ 75.

    Whatever you do, don't show up at the club wearing clothes by Le Coq Sportif
or Adidas (which Steffi Graf wears). They are out. So are shorts for women, polo
shirts and denim skirts.

    "People are buying the Agassi clothes because it's a new look, not so much
because Agassi wears it," according to Mike Barrett and Doug Tveten of Nevada
Bob's Golf and Tennis shop in Tampa.  "Even if Agassi wasn't wearing it, I think
people would still buy it."

    Rackets: Wide-body rackets are king, although many of the top-ranked pros
don't use them. In fact, most shops now sell only a few conventional frames. The
leading wide-bodies are the Wilson Profile 2.7 ($ 199), Head Genesis ($ 224) and
the Yamaha EOS ($ 220).

    But if you're hanging on to that old Wilson Pro Staff, you're falling behind
the times. "You almost have to play with a wide-body these days because the
manufacturers are fazing out the old ones," said Todd Brown of Advantage Yours
tennis shop in Clearwater. "Just like graphite made wood (rackets) obsolete, the
wide-bodies are doing the same to the old rackets."

    Shoes: Once again, Agassi sets the standard. His aqua-and-orange Nike Air
Tech Challenge shoes used to be the hottest thing going; now it's his Air Tech
Challenge II. The hot lava-and-black three-quarter tops sell for $ 85-$ 90.

    The hot shoe for the ladies of course is the Ladies Air Tech Challenge II ($
80). Also, the Wilson Pro Staffs that Manuela Maleeva plays in are still
favorites, but it's time to say goodbye to those red-white-and-blue Reeboks that
seemingly everyone wore before, and to any pair of Avia sneakers even though
Martina Navratilova wears them.  N    Accessories: Take all those rolls of
neon-colored grip tapes and throw 'em out. The new generation is the
"replacement" grips.  Unlike the grip tapes, these new replacements actually
take the place of the racket's grip. They come in different colors and sell for
about $ 5 each.

    As for vibration dampeners, the foam rubber versions are history.  The new
item is the rubber tube-like "shock busters" that are woven through the strings
($ 4).

    Speaking of strings, not much has changed here, although synthetics ($
13-24) are considered more "in" than graphite or hybrid ones. Also, having the
logo of your racket stenciled on the strings like the pros do always looks cool
(and it's free).

    Finally, despite enormous demand, there's still nothing on the market to
improve an errant backhand or an uncontrollable serve.


   Wimbledon party: Several area clubs are playing host to Wimbledon parties
this weekend. In Tampa, the Down Under Tennis Club has a "Breakfast at
Wimbledon" party Sunday at 9 a.m. for the men's singles finals.

    There will be an exhibition match and an instructional clinic, plus drawings
and giveaways. For more information, call the club at 882-4425. Check other area
clubs for additional parties.

    Palmer taking on the pros: Saddlebrook's Jared Palmer is using his summer
vacation from Stanford University to get some experience on the pro tour.
Palmer, who was ranked 23rd among collegians as a freshman this year, is
expected to play in the qualifying rounds of ATP Tour tournaments in Newport,
R.I.; Washington, D.C.; Toronto; New Haven, Conn., and Long Island, N.Y.
 FRY'S GUIDE
 TO TENNIS FASHION
 Hot
 Nike clothes.
 Head clothes (women).
 T-shirts.
 Wide-body rackets.
 Nike and Wilson shoes.
 Large, tournament bags.
 Replacement grips.
 Rubber-tube shock absorbers.
 Synthetic and gut strings.
 Racket stencils.
 Not
 Le Coq Sportif and Adidas clothes.
 Polo-type shirts and shorts (women)
 Denim skirts
  Conventional-frame rackets.
 Reebok and Avia shoes.
 Racket-shape thermo bags.
 Wrap grips.
 Foam-rubber shock absorbers.
 Graphite and hybrid strings.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Tension is a good thing for player who strings her own racket;
Do-it-yourself approach has stuck with Argentine over the past 9 years

BYLINE: BEN ROTHENBERG

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1021 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

ABSTRACT

Paula Ormaechea, 20, said she finds it relaxing to weave the strings into her
equipment.

FULL TEXT

After Paula Ormaechea won her first-round match at the U.S. Open, she saluted
the crowd in an established way: raising both arms over her head and tapping the
strings of her racket against the palm of her hand.

Using a racket as an extension of the arm to mimic applause has been done for
many years, but few players have had quite the connection between their hands
and their rackets' strings that Ormaechea does. That is because Ormaechea, 20,
strings her own rackets by hand, forgoing the professional stringing services
provided by tournaments.

Ormaechea, who is from Sunchales, Argentina, began stringing her rackets when
she was 11 and has continued ever since. Because her town of 19,000 had few
courts and no racket-stringing services, her father bought a small portable
stringing machine and taught his daughter how to use it.

''He wasn't going to do it all the time,'' Ormaechea said with a smile.

Equipped for self-sufficiency, Ormaechea moved to Buenos Aires when she was 13
to continue her training. As she rose through the junior ranks and continued her
career as a professional, Ormaechea took her 13-pound, or 6-kilogram, machine
along with her.

''It's quite easy,'' she said of traveling with the machine. ''It's just six
kilos less of clothes, and that's all.''

In New York, Ormaechea strings her rackets in the apartment where she is staying
during the tournament. She normally listens to music by artists like Coldplay
and U2 while she works, sometimes singing along as she pulls her 1.25-gauge
Luxilon string through the holes in the racket frame, first installing the
vertical strings (called the mains), then the horizontal strings (called the
crosses).

It usually takes Ormaechea 10 to 12 minutes to string a racket, she said, or as
long as 15 minutes ''if I'm lazy.''

The average time it has taken the racket stringers this year at the United
States Open to complete a racket is 16 minutes.

Todd Mobley, the head stringer in a room filled with more than a dozen
professional stringers busily working on state-of-the-art digital machines, was
skeptical of the quality of stringing that Ormaechea was able to do in the times
she reported.

''There's a right way to string one and a wrong way to string one,'' he said.
''And you can speed up the time by double pulling the strings. The novice
usually does that and doesn't know it. And they're going to lose a lot of
tension when they do that. You have to pull every single string to get an
accurate string bit.''

Mobley said he thought that ''less than a handful'' of players at the Grand Slam
level strung their own rackets, citing excess baggage fees as a primary concern.

''I guess if you were playing Futures or Challengers, there are a lot of players
that do that,'' Mobley said. ''But once you get to the higher echelon of tennis,
usually you don't ever see it.''

Ormaechea said that self-stringing was more common in Argentina and that the
160th-ranked Argentine Guido Andreozzi was another player who strung his own
rackets.

Mobley said Ormaechea's self-stringing was probably detrimental to her tennis.
''I think they're actually hurting their game,'' he said of players who string
rackets themselves. ''If you leave it to the professionals, you get it narrowed
down to what your string depth reflection is. You can't get any better than
that.''

But Ormaechea said she enjoyed the consistency that came with stringing her own
rackets.

''I like it because I know that the tension will be always the same,'' she said.
''It's the same machine. When you travel to different places, it's always
different. The person who will do it is different, the machine, the tension will
be more or less. It's not always the same. So I'm used to it. I know that this
is my tension, and I like it that way, so I keep doing it.''

Ormaechea and her home-strung rackets have already produced strong results early
in her professional career. She made the final of the W.T.A. tournament in
Bogotá in February, and at No. 71, she is the highest-ranked South American
woman on the tour. After winning her opening-round match on Monday, she was to
face the No. 16 seed Sabine Lisicki, a runner-up at Wimbledon this year, in a
second-round match that was postponed to Thursday.

Though cost was initially a reason for Ormaechea to do her rackets herself, it
would seem to be less of an issue as she becomes a more established
professional.

At the U.S. Open, tournament stringers charge $30 per racket, a price that
Mobley said was about average on the tour. Ormaechea has already earned $151,710
in 2013 and has added at least $58,000 by making the second round of the Open.

Ormaechea has also occasionally helped out other players when the professional
stringers were backlogged.

''If I have a friend who needs it, I did this a few times,'' she said. ''And
once I was bored and there was some players who needed it because the stringer
was pretty full, so I did it. But actually I don't like it. I like to do my
rackets, but no more than that.''

When she is stringing her own rackets each night before matches, there is a
certain peacefulness to the task.

''I like it,'' Ormaechea said of the process. ''I do it in my free time. I can
just think about making the racket, stringing the racket and nothing else.''

She added, ''It's just a few minutes, but it distracts me from everything.''

James Blake's career came to an end with a 6-7 (2), 3-6, 6-4, 7-6 (2), 7-6 (2)
loss to Ivo Karlovic of Croatia in the early hours of Thursday morning, The
Associated Press reported from New York.

Blake, an American once ranked as high as No. 4 and a three-time major
quarterfinalist, announced Monday that the U.S. Open would be his last
professional tournament. ''I don't know when it's going to hit me,'' he said
after his match ended after midnight. ''I don't think I'll be sleeping much
tonight.''

The No. 17 Kevin Anderson of South Africa, the No. 20 Andreas Seppi of Italy,
the No. 21 Mikhail Youzhny of Russia and the 2001 U.S. Open champion Lleyton
Hewitt were among the earlier winners Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           December 8, 2007 Saturday

The 'racket' and the 'clanking' inside the 'Ulysses' paper

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 520 words


Rare images of the Freeman's Journal premises visited by Bloom in 1904 in
Joyce's Ulysses have just surfaced, writes Terence Killeen

'Hell of a racket they make," thinks Leopold Bloom as he passes through the
printing rooms of the Freeman's Journal in the seventh episode of Ulysses. The "
racket" he is referring to (and the word is not too strong) is the noise of the
printing presses in operation, along with that of the "clanking" (Bloom's term)
Linotype machines as they produce the metal type that will be used for the
production of that evening's newspaper.

The Freeman's Journal offices of 1904 were in Prince's Street North, opposite
the south side of the GPO. (It was the core of the building occupied by the
Irish Independent offices until recently.) It has always been very hard for a
reader to visualise this episode of Ulysses; the building was largely destroyed
in 1916, being so near the GPO.

No useful photographs have been available until now; but thanks to the diligence
of David Pierce, recently retired lecturer in English in York, and a man with
strong Irish connections, two photographs contemporary with Ulysses have now
surfaced.

He obtained them on eBay, apparently from a Kilkenny antiques shop owner, and
the photographs will appear in his soon-to-be-published book, Reading Joyce.

One photograph shows the caseroom, as it was called, with the Mergenthaler
Linotype operators, dressed with a formality that underlined the importance of
their craft, seated at these massive machines.

Here they typed from copy and produced a line (hence Linotype) of metal type,
which fell into a tray. The machine, invented in Boston in 1884, enabled
operators to set a line of type five times faster than had been possible
previously.

THE OTHER PHOTOGRAPH shows the compositors, who "made up" the pages, at work on
the "stone", distributing the metal type into the page forms according (in
theory) to a layout design. From this metal page an impression would be taken,
from which the paper sheets of the journal would be printed. Bloom sees the
compositors in action: "He stayed in his walk to watch a typesetter [properly
speaking, a compositor] neatly distributing type. Reads it backwards first.
Quickly he does it. Must require some practice that." (It did.)

Identification of the Freeman's Journal setting was aided by the fact that
Vincent Caprani, grandson of a printer mentioned by Bloom, Menotti Caprani
(spelt as "Cuprani" in every edition of Ulysses except Joyce scholar Danis
Rose's, naturally), was able to recognise his grandfather from the group of
printers when the image was blown up, thanks to a family resemblance.

Joycean discoveries, like Dublin buses, sometimes come in pairs: coincidentally,
the recent digitisation of the 1911 census has enabled me (finally) to track
down Alfred H Hunter, the prototype of Leopold Bloom. It turns out his
profession is "advertising agent", like Bloom's, and his wife's first name is
Marion, like Bloom's wife.

Ulysses, it seems, is even more down to the Dublin earth than we thought.

Thanks to Vivien Igoe and Vincent Caprani for their assistance

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 25, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

What's Your Learning Style

BYLINE: BY JANET NELSON;  Janet Nelson is the skiing columnist for The New York
Times.

SECTION: Section 6; Page 78; Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 1336 words


The conventional method of teaching recreational sports can be summed up as
detection and correction -- an instructor watches students perform and then
tells them what they're doing wrong and how to do it right. But this can be an
unpleasant and ineffective way to learn, and many instructors have turned to a
kinder school of thought: people learn in many different ways, and it's up to
teachers to tailor the lesson to the student.

This approach, long reserved for training elite athletes, now holds the promise
of better performance for amateurs. It is built on a foundation of psychological
research, originating with Carl Jung early in the century, that identifies
certain basic personality types. Expanding on Jung's research, a psychologist at
McBer & Company, a management consulting firm in Boston, determined that each
person has a predominant learning style -- watching, thinking, feeling or doing
-- and in the mid-1970's developed a test for use in both schools and business
to identify it. "Our research found that when people are taught in all of the
learning styles, they retain the information longer than if they were simply
lectured to," says Jennifer Zaccaro, a sales and marketing manager for McBer.

In recent years some of the McBer findings have been appropriated by sports
instructors, who have filtered them through their own teaching experiences and
begun introducing them in their schools. The instructors have discovered that
most people are watchers, or visual learners, who do best when they can watch a
demonstration of a technique or look at drawings or photographs. Some people are
thinkers, who need precise technical explanations -- for instance, the angle at
which a tennis racquet should hit the ball during a serve. Other people are
feelers, who want to know what it feels like to swing the racquet correctly.
Still others are doers; impatient with lessons, they need to pick up a tennis
racquet and hit a ball over and over again, incorporating tips from an
instructor. Although everyone uses all of these styles to some degree, and none
is better than any other, most people seem naturally to favor one of them, says
Ed Joyce, an instructor at the Sunday River Ski Resort in Bethel, Me., who has
developed teaching methods that incorporate learning-styles research.

Any recreational athlete who has felt frustrated while attempting to learn a new
sport or improve a technique might welcome a teaching method that makes the
experience less onerous or threatening. Some advocates of the learning styles
approach say the standard way of teaching can be so abusive that it leads many
amateurs to quit.

It was purely a business decision that prompted Sunday River to revamp its
teaching methods. According to the resort's ski director, Bob Harkins,
enrollment was up 34 percent in 1991, the first season after the new program was
introduced, and an additional 13 percent the following winter. Ed Joyce wasn't
surprised.

"With elite athletes, there's a certain respect for the knowledge and skill they
bring with them," he says. "But beginners and intermediates don't get this
respect. It's perceived as O.K. to say negative things to them. With more
experienced athletes you don't constantly tell them what they're doing wrong;
you tell them what they need to do right."

Joyce first used the learning-styles approach in 1985 to teach academic subjects
to students who were unmotivated and in danger of failing at English High School
in Boston, where he is the assistant headmaster. All of them showed greater
interest in school, according to Joyce. Whether instructing a high school class
or a group of six skiers, Joyce is careful to make each point in different ways,
to cover the four learning styles. When teaching skiers how to turn, for
example, he begins by explaining the mechanics of the move, and then
demonstrates it. To help students understand what it feels like to make a turn,
he asks them to assume the proper posture while standing still. Finally, he has
them ski downhill and practice turning.

Joyce also relies on the tried-and-true technique of positive reinforcement. "We
don't want to be dishonest or condescending in giving praise," he says, "but if
a compliment is related to a person's skill, it builds self-esteem and a feeling
of mastery. That's better than criticism any day."

At the Vic Braden Tennis College in Coto de Caza, Calif., taking students'
feelings into account is as important as teaching them how to serve. Instructors
attend lectures and workshops on the psychological as well as the biomechanical
side of teaching tennis. Braden, who has a master's degree in psychology from
California State University in Los Angeles, encourages his coaches to understand
their students' fears and anxieties.

Integral to the learning-styles approach is a technique called modeling, which
also has its roots in psychological research. Modeling is a process by which a
student develops a mental image of how to do something. "Mental models are
really a mainstay of cognition," says David N. Perkins, co-director of Project
Zero, an ongoing investigation of intelligence at Harvard's Graduate School of
Education. "They're the Swiss Army knives of the mind -- they help you think
flexibly about a subject." A key to teaching sports effectively, he says, is for
a coach not only to act as a model, but also to help students create their own
mental models.

MANY instructors believe that once a student has learned the basics of a sport,
he can master the skills involved only if he has a strong mental model. While
the model may be an instructor or some other highly skilled player, the goal is
always the same: the student must be able to envision the model's performance
and then try to replicate it, in a practice session or an actual game. "You need
a clear, complete and compatible model that is meaningful to you and does not
vary," says Lynn E. Marriott, formerly an instructor at Golf University in San
Diego who now conducts teacher training workshops for the Ladies' Professional
Golf Association. "It's best to have a model whose body type and speed are
similar to your own."

People tend to choose models who reflect their dominant learning style. "For
example," says Marriott, "thinkers pick methodical players, like Jack Nicklaus.
Feelers pick someone who is more spontaneous and watchers are attracted to a
player with a swing that looks perfect."

Watching a professional player can be intimidating, and so instructors at Golf
University use models to break down the mechanics of the game. First, an
instructor demonstrates a swing without using a ball. "When the ball is put in
front of a student, everything goes," says Marriott. "The most embarrassing
thing is to miss the ball. If you introduce the ball too early, people will
forgo learning form." Once students have mastered form -- in other words, they
have a strong mental image of how a swing should look -- the instructor
demonstrates how to hit the ball. It is not until several days later that
students get to hit the ball to a hole. "Only when the first two stages are
second nature can a golfer focus his attention on the target and play golf,"
says Marriott.

Each step of the way, instructors at Golf University use videos to help students
develop mental models. The student is given a 20-minute video of an instructor
and a professional player of his choice demonstrating various swings. The video
also shows the student's own performance, with an instructor explaining points
that should be improved.

Anne Cross, a real-estate agent in Sherman Oaks, Calif., who attended Golf
University last spring, found the learning-styles approach highly effective.
"They said that 90 percent of the game is mental, only 10 percent is
mechanical," she says of her instructors. "So we did a lot of thinking
exercises. Now when I get ready to hit a shot, I think about a friend of mine
who has a really nice swing." By the fall, Cross had taken 12 points off her
score.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: FEELING -- Some people need tactile clues to become competent
in a sport. By holding a tennis ball in the crook of her elbow, this student
learns the proper way to position her arm when serving. WATCHING -- Many people
learn sports best by watching someone demonstrate a technique, like the backhand
swing shown in this video for tennis students. DOING -- Other people learn
mainly by doing. Impatient with lessons, they pick up a tennis racquet and hit
the ball over and over again, incorporating quick tips on technique from an
instructor. (Photographs by Douglas Kirkland/Sygma for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Destin Log (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

'Starting from scratch' -- New 40-lot subdivision planned at former Destin
Racquet Club

BYLINE: Matt Algarin, The Destin Log, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 249 words


Aug. 16--An application for a new subdivision along Airport Road has been filed
with city planners.

"The next step is for the planning staff and the technical review team to review
the application," Community Development Director Ken Gallander told The Log.

The project, which is slated to be called Destin Oaks, would be a major
subdivision and planned unit development located at 995 Airport Road at the site
of the former Destin Racquet Club. The application, filed by Darrell Barnhill,
calls for the subdivision to have 40 total lots that are 50-feet wide and
67.5-feet deep.

The 5.023-acre property is owned by Destin Racquet Club, LLC, according to
information from the Okaloosa County Property Appraisers' website. The late Dr.
Joe Carnley previously owned the parcel, which is currently home to Resolute
Martial Arts.

In years past, city leaders had discussed the idea of purchasing or leasing the
property, which is complete with six tennis courts, two racquetball courts, a
building with offices and a parking lot. At one point, the Emerald Coast YMCA
looked at the facility as well, before building in its current location along
Commons Drive.

"It has been in our capital improvement plan for years to have tennis courts,"
Gallander said. "But it never panned out."

The entire property would be cleared as part of the project, Gallander told The
Log.

1 2

Next

___ (c)2013 The Destin Log (Destin, Fla.) Visit The Destin Log (Destin, Fla.) at
www.destin.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130816-DF-Starting-from-scratch-New-40-lot-subdivision-planned-at-former-Desti
n-Racquet-Club-0816-20130816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DF


                         Copyright 2013 The Destin Log


                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 29, 2009 Thursday

High school notebook: Mira Monte girls have risen quickly in tennis

BYLINE: Zach Ewing, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 596 words


Oct. 29--Tennis isn't usually a sport for quick learners, but the Mira Monte
girls program is testing that theory.

The Lions, in just their second year and first varsity season, ran the table in
the South Central Sequoia League, going 9-0 to finish with an overall record of
10-9.

What's amazing about that is that none of coach Brian Frost's girls had even
picked up a racket when he recruited them to play two years ago.

"I just got them to sign up when we were registering eighth-graders," Frost
said. "They came out and had no rackets for the first three weeks. I brought my
personal rackets, but we had seven or eight girls."

Frost finally got some donated rackets from the Bakersfield Racquet Club, but he
had other challenges.

"I had to tell the girls on the other team to help my girls keep score," Frost
said.

But all of that seems like a long time ago. Mira Monte won the league
championship behind No. 1 player Daisy Quiroz and Nos. 2 and 3 Monica Gomez and
Brenda Soto, who both went 8-1 in league singles play.

Mira Monte won't enter the team playoffs, but Quiroz and Gomez both earned their
way into the Central Section singles tournament, which begins Saturday in
Visalia.

"They all just picked up rackets," Frost said. "Then they all got sold on tennis
and as a group started improving."

Another new program doing well

Wasco's girls golf team nearly won a much older league -- the South Sequoia --
in just the second year of that team's history.

With eight players who had never picked up a club, the Tigers finished second to
Tehachapi, coming up seven strokes short of the Warriors at the SSL
championships last week and four points short in the overall league standings.

Wasco advanced to Monday's area tournament at Mifflin-Buena Vista golf course,
where it shot 581 and finished seventh.

"To finish the season ranked No. 7 out of 22 area teams is a great
accomplishment," Wasco coach Chris Ruiz said in an e-mail. "With this being only
a second-year program, we're only going to get better."

Local connection at SE Missouri

When Stockdale graduate Curtis Huge kicked three field goals for Southeast
Missouri State on Saturday, they weren't just special because they were the
first three-pointers of his college career.

They were also special because the Redhawks' holder, backup quarterback Dustin
Powell, is a former grade-school teammate of Huge's from Stockdale Christian.
Powell graduated from Bakersfield Christian and then Bakersfield College in
2008.

Huge, a redshirt freshman, now is 3-of-4 on the year in field goals. He hit from
32, 31 and 21 yards in SEMO's 28-16 loss to Tennessee Tech.

Kessler's first offer rolls in

While he recovers from a high ankle sprain suffered two weeks ago against
Bakersfield, Centennial junior quarterback Cody Kessler still is capturing the
attention of college coaches around the country.

Kessler's dad, Don, said last week that Kessler received his first official
scholarship offer, from New Mexico State. Don Kessler said his son has weekly
contact with a host of other schools, including USC, UCLA, Cal, Boise State,
LSU, Alabama and Washington.

Kessler cannot sign a letter of intent until February 2011.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20091029-BK-High-school-notebook-Mira-Monte-girls-have-risen-quickly-in-tennis-1
029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2009 The Bakersfield Californian


                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

FLORIDA:TOPS'L Beach & Racquet Resort to Host the Annual Helen Drake
Invitational for 32nd consecutive year

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Destin


Destin Area Chamber of Commerce Florida has issued the following news release:

TOPS'L Beach & Racquet Resort to Host the Annual Helen Drake Invitational for
32nd consecutive year
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 - Sunday, April 19, 2015
TOPS'L Beach & Racquet Resort
9011 US Hwy. 98
Miramar Beach, FL 32550
TOPS'L Beach & Racquet Resort to Host the Annual Helen Drake Invitational for
32nd consecutive year

TOPS'L Beach & Racquet Resort, a ResortQuest by Wyndham Vacation Rentals managed
property, will again host the 32nd Annual Helen Drake Invitational tennis
tournament, April 15 through April 19, 2015.

The Invitational is a sanctioned United States Tennis Association (USTA)
tournament where approximately 300 players compete within their age division for
points on their state and national ranking.

"Helen and Cecil Drake are known throughout the Panhandle for their dedication
to the game of tennis. We are honored to have hosted the tournament for the past
31 years," said Ed Evans, executive general manager at TOPS'L Beach & Racquet
Resort. "Not only is the event one of the largest sanctioned tournaments in the
nation, it has also won the USTA Florida Al Mills Memorial Adult Tournament of
the Year award numerous times over the years. We couldn't be more pleased that
its home is here at TOPS'L."

Interested players may register online at USTA.com, selecting TennisLink and
searching by identification number 150100615 on the Tournament tab, or by
clicking here. The entry deadline for the 2015 tournament is Friday, April 10,
at 5:00 p.m., and match times will be posted online by Sunday, April 12, at 8:00
a.m.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 13, 1996, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

SPORTS;
Racquet Club tourney has Sampras as a draw

BYLINE: Todd Holcomb; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 11J

LENGTH: 278 words


The Racquet Club of the South in Norcoss is hosting what's being called " the
world's largest one-day tennis tournament" next month, and the winner will get a
shot at playing Pete Sampras the next day in a tiebreaker.

The Wilson Pete Sampras Shootout, scheduled for the evening of Feb. 2, is open
to men and women of any skill level or age. A "match" will consist of one point,
with the server determined by spinning a racket. There are no warmups.

"Players have to come ready to play," said Eddie Gonzalez of the Southern Tennis
Association (STA). "In one point, anything can happen. A 2.5 player can beat an
open level player. You can have an ace, a double fault, or somebody might net a
return."

The winner will return to the Racquet Club the next day to face Sampras at 4
p.m., and U.S. Davis Cup captain Tom Gullikson will coach the shootout
survivor.Andre Agassi

The STA is hoping for more than 1,000 players. The entry fee is $ 20, and
applications can be found at most local tennis centers, or by calling the STA at
770-368-8200.

NATIONAL RANKINGS: The U.S. Tennis Association released its preliminary 1995
national rankings this week, and three Gwinnett players were on the list. John
Williams of Snellville is 27th in the boys 14-and- under division. Brian Farrell
of Lilburn is No. 115 and Steven Racioppi No. 162 in the boys 16s. Players in
the 12-and-under divisions are not ranked nationally.

DON'T MISS DEADLINE: Roster deadlines for the spring ALTA seasons are Thursday
for junior teams, Jan. 22 for the Thursday Women's League, Jan. 26 for the
Business Women's League and Jan. 31 for the Men's League and the Wheelchair
League.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Home On The Road: Sean O'Connor loves coming back here to play even if it means
disappointing S-Kings fans

BYLINE: Cleve Dheensaw, Times Colonist

SECTION: SPORTS; Cleve Dheensaw; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 621  words


Elvis, Frank, Dino, Sammy, Celine and now Sean. Viva Las Vegas.

There are a lot of worse things in life than being 24 years old and playing pro
hockey in Sin City.

"Obviously, the city is unbelievable in itself, but a lot of people don't
realize the hockey atmosphere there is also just terrific," said Las Vegas
Wranglers forward and Victoria Racquet Club product Sean O'Connor.

"We get close to 7,000 people in there [Orleans Casino Arena] on weekends and
the place just rocks. There's the big video screen and people are dancing. It's
a far better atmosphere than even in most NHL rinks."

But Florida Panthers draft pick O'Connor helped make the atmosphere anything but
festive Wednesday night at Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre in scoring the first
two goals as the ECHL No. 2 Wranglers (42-10-6) blew away the hopelessly
outmatched Victoria Salmon Kings 6-2.

The teams conclude their three-game set tonight and Saturday at 7 p.m. at SOFMC.

To say Wednesday's homecoming performance felt sweet would be an understatement
on the level of saying the Wranglers are a superior team to the Salmon Kings.
O'Connor grew up playing on Racquet Club rep teams with Salmon Kings players
Nate Forster and the injured K.C. Timmons and returns home to work out during
the summers with S-Kings such as Forster, Timmons, Steve Lingren, Steve Roberts,
Ryan Wade and Mike Josephson along with fellow Racquet Club product and NHLer
Matt Pettinger.

"I know a lot of the Salmon Kings guys really well and they were giving me a
hard time and razzing me out there [Wednesday]," said O'Connor, who had the last
razz on the night.

O'Connor, a rugby standout at Oak Bay High, will also have his hometown posse
again in the SOFMC stands tonight and Saturday cheering him on. On Wednesday,
they were dressed in some sort of Brokeback cowboy theme as O'Connor flipped
them the peace sign after being named game first star.

"It's a lot of fun coming back home . . . and my buddies have a great time with
it," said O'Connor.

"But I stay focused."

And the focus for the Wranglers is the Kelly Cup, although the ECHL No. 1 Alaska
Aces will have something to say about that in what will likely be a blistering
National Conference playoff final this spring.

"I was up and down with injuries last season [O'Connor split 2004-05 between the
ECHL San Diego Gulls and AHL Cincinnati Mighty Ducks] and requested a trade to a
team that had a good chance to win it all and San Diego gave it to me," said
O'Connor, explaining how he got to Vegas.

But the six-foot-three O'Connor's all-out physical play comes with no off switch
and two concussions have limited him to 31 games this season, in which he has
recorded 14 goals.

There are some who predicted O'Connor would be in the NHL, but the injury
setbacks haven't helped in that quest. O'Connor knows how fine a line it is. One
of the best and most popular captains in the history of the junior Moose Jaw
Warriors of the WHL, O'Connor was taken 82nd overall in the 2000 draft by the
Panthers. Now he's in another chain with the Wranglers, the ECHL farm team of
the Calgary Flames.

"Hopefully, I can stay healthy and move back up to the AHL," said O'Connor.

"But there are a lot of unbelievable players in this league [ECHL] who don't get
called up and yet you see guys in the NHL that you know you are better than. You
wonder what's going on. You can't figure it out, no matter how hard you try. It
all comes down to if an NHL team scout takes a shining to you and fights for
you. You'll never figure out why that happens for one player and not the next
player, who performs just as well. I used to think about it a lot. But now I
don't let it worry me."

In that special Vegas way, you come to realize life is simply a roll of the
dice.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Bruce Stotesbury, Times Colonist; Victoria hockey product Sean O'Connor,
centre, celebrates his second goal of the night in a win against the Victoria
Salmon Kings Wednesday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

IT'LL BE MOB SCENE IF OTB PUT OUTTA BIZ

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL DALY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 513 words


THE MAFIA CAN thank those Three Men in a Room up in Albany for cutting it a
break when nothing else seems to be going its way.

Not that Gov. Eliot (Steamroller) Spitzer, Senate Majority Leader Joe
(Helicopter Joe) Bruno and Assembly Speaker Sheldon (Who, me?) Silver were
looking to help the Mafia - or anybody else in the city - when they refused to
cut the state's skim of the profits at city Off-Track Betting.

The Gang of Three knew this would result in OTB becoming the only big gambling
operation in the universe to lose money.

They also knew Mayor Bloomberg would respond by vowing to shut it down rather
than subsidize "a betting parlor" with city funds.

They might as well be sending truckloads of cash directly to the mob, including
the millions the state took.

The city horseplayers who bet more than $1 billion a year at OTB are nothing if
not compulsive and sure to bet elsewhere.

Law enforcement officials figure the most likely beneficiary will be the mob.

"They'll certainly be getting business," a rackets bureau prosecutor said
yesterday. "There'll be no place else to go."

The prosecutor noted that gambling is the organized crime "bread and butter" and
that horse betting carries considerable profits for the bookie.

"You have to be pretty incompetent to not make money in bookmaking," the
prosecutor said.

That, or you have to be indentured to the State of New York as run by the Gang
of Three.

The outrage is that OTB has been doing quite well, making $138 million in 2007
off that annual $1 billion plus, or about what your basic Mafia bookmaker would
expect to earn with his built-in 10%.

But, even in times when seemingly endless indictments mean huge legal bills, no
capo would have raked $100 million of that $138 million profit right off the
top, as the state-sanctioned New York Racing Association did with city OTB last
year.

The state skimmed off another $16 million for itself, offering no other reason
than a capo offers: I let you operate.

All told, the state and the NYRA take nearly 90% of the OTB profits.

"Even organized crime doesn't take more than 50%," the rackets prosecutor said.
"What a racket!"

That leaves just $22 million out of $138 million for a city that already sends
Albany billions more in taxes and lottery proceeds than it gets back.

And, the state has moved to give the NYRA an even bigger cut with higher
"regulatory fees," just the sort of euphemism gangsters often favor when shaking
down a bookie joint or a strip joint.

Our mayor certainly is no fan of using city money to keep OTB going.

"Propping up a betting parlor has to be one of the worst ideas I have ever
heard," Bloomberg said.

Some state officials have the nerve to argue the city does not have the legal
right to shut down OTB without Albany's approval.

The idea that the city could be forced to keep open OTB by the state that bled
it dry suddenly makes "racket" too nice a word.

If OTB does shut down, we could at least take comfort in knowing the state was
costing itself millions.

No doubt the Gang of Three will find some other way to squeeze it out of us.

mdaly@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: If OTB parlors such as this one on Steinway St., Queens, are shuttered,
gangsters will benefit, according to a rackets bureau prosecutor. Photo by
Susana Bates

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 27, 1996, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

SPORTS;
TENNIS;
Farrell takes 16-and-under singles crown

BYLINE: Todd Holcomb; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 12J

LENGTH: 348 words


Brian Farrell of Lilburn won the boys 16-and-under singles title at the Mayor's
Cup tournament in Augusta. Farrell, the top returning player in Georgia to the
boys 16 division, defeated Lesley Joseph of Rock Hill, S.C., 6-1, 6-1 in the
final. Joseph was ranked No. 2 in the South last year in the boys 14 division.

Brian Clark of Lawrenceville won the consolation tournament for second- round
losers in the boys 18 division. He defeated Samir Yajnik of Williamson, Ky.,
6-4, 6-0 in the final.

Nicholas Olander of Lawrenceville was the boys 18 winner of the first-round
consolation tournament. He defeated Cameron Wells of Winston- Salem, N.C., 6- 1,
6-1 in the final.

Kristin Rannala of Norcross made the first-round consolation final of the girls
14s.

UPCOMING: Pam Shriver is promoting Yonnex racquets and doing a free clinic for
adults and juniors next Saturday at the Racquet Club of the South from 6 to 8
p.m. Space is limited. To register, call the pro shop at RCS at 770-449- 6060. .
. .

The deadline is Wednesday for entering the Wilson Pete Sampras Shootout at the
Racquet Club of the South in Norcross. The shootout, which will be Friday from 6
to 10 p.m. at RCS, is a singles tournament open to players of any age and either
gender, and the winner will play Sampras the following day at 4 p. m. in a
tie-breaker. Each round of the tournament consists of one point, with a spin of
a racquet to determine the server. The entry fee is $ 20, and proceeds benefit
the Southern Patrons Foundation. For information, call the Southern Tennis
Association at 770-368-8200. . . .

The U.S. Tennis Association and the Southern Tennis Association are sponsoring a
workshop for tennis coaches and teachers Feb. 3 at the Super Show at the World
Congress Center. The daylong workshop is for teaching professionals, physical
education teachers and high school coaches, and the cost is $ 60. Among the
presenters will be Dennis Van der Meer and Tim Wilkison. Those attending will
get a one-day pass to the Super Show. For more information, call Tom Daglis at
770-919-8876.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 1, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Inmates to make mark on major league plates

BYLINE: Michael Hiestand

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 413 words


Prison inmates soon will manufacture official Major League Baseball, NFL, NBA
and NHL merchandise.

In a deal the New York state government says is the first between a state and
those leagues, New York drivers will be able to get officially licensed license
plates bearing team logos.

New York, which will use inmates to make the plates, will charge an initial fee
of $ 40 and an annual $ 25 fee - compared to a $ 25 up-front fee and $ 15 annual
fee for regular plates. The state expects to sell 130,000 sets next year -
generating $ 5.5 million in revenues.

The sports leagues will donate their licensing royalties to charities.

GET A GRIP: Andrew Brown says only 15% of tennis players are blessed with hand
sizes that allow them to use any of the four basic grips to hit a tennis ball
properly.

The conclusion, he says, is backed by "hard science."

But Brown, a Cincinnati resident who does actuarial planning for pension plans,
says he has a solution: a racket whose handle can be adjusted 10 ways to produce
the same racket-face angle a player would get with a perfect grip.

The correct angle is key. A difference of one degree, says Brown, produces a
difference of 8 inches in the height of a ball's trajectory.

Brown hasn't signed a manufacturer, but having studied the idea for a decade, he
has prompted research at five universities as well as a technology think tank.
He says the racket wouldn't violate tennis rules.

The idea already has helped his game. Playing with rackets with 10 different
face angles, he says, took him from "not being able to keep the ball on the
court to being a good player."

SELES SPOT: Starting today, you'll see Monica Seles on NBC's Wimbledon coverage
- in a new ad for Fila clothing. The spot, meant to hype a clothing line
debuting this month, was filmed two weeks before Seles was stabbed April 30 at a
Hamburg, Germany, tournament. . . . Prodigy, an online network serving about 2
million computer users, will offer an National Football League information
service, including a public bulletin board where coaches and players answer
fans' questions. . . . Tom George of the management firm Advantage International
will do daily sports business reports on the Business Radio Network, reaching
252 stations. . . . 1994 World Cup sponsor Upper Deck says it has the first
World Cup trading cards - a 165-card set available in November. . . . Friday,
CBS' Street Stories has a feature on Nike's use of Indonesian labor.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SPORTS BUSINESS

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            September 4, 2011 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

PETERSBURG RACQUET CLUB TEAM DOMINATES SECTIONALS

BYLINE: Justin Williams Columbia County Bureau

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 340 words


The Advanced 12s junior tennis team at Petersburg Racquet Club knows how to
balance fun with the task at hand.

When the eight juniors took to the courts in Mobile, Ala., for the United States
Tennis Association Southern sectionals, they didn't let dominating the five-team
field get in the way of having a good time. Just ask Kylie Duckworth.

"I just remember having such a fun time," Kylie said. "We were just partying up
and down the halls of the hotel, and then playing the matches.

"There was a big festival going on at the courts," she added. "I remember
finishing my match and being like, 'Yes! I can go get a snow cone.' "

The PRC squad got a wild card into Sectionals after a team from Columbus won the
Georgia state tournament. Though PRC beat every other team at state, Columbus
won because the champion is determined by total games won.

Once at Sectionals, though, PRC made sure there was no question. They won 156
total games and lost just 47. The next closest team, that same Columbus team,
won 118 and lost 99.

In terms of individual matches, PRC won 19 out of 20 in a span of four team
matches.

Craig Jones, the owner and director of coaching at Petersburg Racquet Club and
the newly appointed director of youth play and competition with the USTA, said
this was the first group to go through the relatively new QuickStart Tennis
program.

The program utilizes smaller courts, lighter rackets and lower-compression
tennis balls to develop young players' strokes. It's designed for players in the
10-under age group.

Just days before the state tournament, Katharine Sherman rolled her ankle. When
X-rays showed that it was broken, she had to make a choice: not play and have
the team forfeit, or try to tough it out.

"I decided I would serve or hit the return and then I'd go play the net,"
Sherman said.

She "played" on the broken ankle - more or less just standing on the court while
her partner scrambled behind her. She and her various doubles partners actually
won two of the four matches they played at state, and the rest is history.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 25, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

SPORTS;
TENNIS;
Child, Timmis win singles titles at State Closed

BYLINE: Todd Holcomb; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 14M

LENGTH: 245 words


Pat Child of Jonesboro and Becky Timmis of Peachtree City won singles titles at
the Georgia State Reynolds and McArthur Senior Closed Championships in Macon.

Child won the men's 40-and-over singles division with a 7-5, 1-0, ret., victory
over Randy Stephens of Macon in the final. Child also teamed with Jan Kirkland
of Tyrone to win the 35-and-over mixed division.

Timmis defeated Janel McGinley of Albany 6-3, 4-6, 6-3 in the women's 40 final.

Dot Cobb of Newnan and Macon's Jaime Kaplan won the women's 30 doubles. They
beat Penny Dillon and Cha Cha Parmer 6-1, 6-2 in the final.

JENKINS WINS: Jackie Jenkins of College Park won the boys 14-and- under division
at the Ralston-Gorman Junior Gran Prix Series II at Blackburn Tennis Center.

Jenkins, the top-ranked boys 14 player in Georgia, defeated Nima Akhavfin of
Alpharetta 6-3, 6-4 in the final.

BRIEFLY: Brian Hvid of Riverdale won the men's 3.5 singles division of the
Dunwoody Tennis Adult No. 2 at Dunwoody Tennis Center. Hvid defeated Allan Ford
of Stephens, Ga., 6-1, 6-1 in the final.

Patrick Neely of Sharpsburg won the boys 12-and-under singles division of the
Hidden Hills Spring Classic in Stone Mountain. Neely beat Jarrell Williams of
Stone Mountain 6-2, 6-2 in the final.

UPCOMING: The NBCA Hall of Fame Championships begin Saturday at South Fulton
Tennis Center. The tournament is a warm-up for the Atlanta City Open and
typically attracts several of Atlanta's best players.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: TENNIS - Tip Of The Week
Jay Bailey, Eagle's Landing Country Club
The angle of the racket face at contact determines the direction the ball
will travel. Several factors can contribute to direction, but the contact
point is most critical. An open racket face points the strings up and
will hit the ball high. A closed racket face directs the strings and the
shots down. Remember, it's better to miss long than into the net, so if
you are hitting the net, open the racket face slightly until you get the
desired results.

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 17, 1994, Thursday, City Edition

Jeanette now certified technician

BYLINE: TIM BUCKLEY

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; TENNIS ROUNDUP; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1080 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



Strings is the thing for area tennis teaching pro Judy Jeanette.

Jeanette, owner of Strings & Things Pro Shop in Brooksville, recently  passed
the examination and satisfied the experience requirements to be named a
Certified Racquet Technician (CRT) by the United States Racquet Stringer
Association.

Established this year, CRT is the highest designation a racquet sports  retailer
can receive.

Jeanette traveled to Atlanta to take an exam measuring her understanding of  how
to install and resize handles, regrip racquets and customize weight and
balance. She also was required to demonstrate advanced knowledge of current
frame and string technology.

Top manufacturers in the tennis industry are supporting the CRT program,
including Dunlop, Ektelon, Head, Prince and Wilson.

Jeanette lessons: Jeanette teaches stroke-of-the-week classes from  10:30-11:30
a.m. every Wednesday at Delta Woods Park in Spring Hill. Cost is  $ 5 per class.
Lessons are suited to anyone who has completed a full session of  beginning
lessons up to the advanced intermediate player.

The remaining schedule, with topic of concentration: Wednesday, backhand,  part
I; March 29, backhand, part II; April 5, basic forehand; April 12, clay  court
forehand and playing tips (proper shoes required); April 19,  groundstrokes
footwork; April 26, chasing down a lob and getting it back; May  3, how to
execute lob; May 10, overheads; May 17, low forehand; May 24, low  backhand.

A supervised drill class is held immediately following the  stroke-of-the-week
class, from 11:30 a.m. until 12:30 p.m. Cost is $ 5 per  class.

Hernando rec lessons: New sessions of adult and youth lessons offered by  the
Hernando County Recreation Division begin Monday in Brooksville and Spring
Hill.

Adult beginner classes meet from 5:30-6:30 p.m. on Mondays, for six weeks,  at
Hernando Park in Brooksville. The youth schedule there: 5:30-6:30 p.m.,  junior
level I, beginner, ages 6-10; 7:30-8:30, junior levels I and II,  beginner and
advanced beginner, ages 11 and over.

Classes meet on Mondays and Wednesdays at Delta Woods Park in Spring Hill  for
three weeks. The schedule there: 5-6 p.m., junior levels II and III,  advanced
beginner and intermediate; 6-7 p.m., junior level I, beginner; 7-8  p.m.,
beginner adult; 8-9:30 p.m., super drill, advanced and intermediate  adults.

Cost is $ 35. For more information, or to register, call 754-4031.

New foundation: The Suncoast Tennis Foundation - a not-for-profit,  volunteer
service organization - recently was formed to centralize amateur  tennis on the
Suncoast and to help develop and expand programs for all ages  and levels.

Its boundaries are the same as District 12 of the Florida Tennis  Association -
Pinellas County, Pasco County and part of Hernando County.

Financial support of tennis and grant assistance are among the objectives  of
the foundation, which received a start-up grant from the U.S. Tennis
Association to assist in development and publicity.

For more information, write to the Suncoast Tennis Foundation, P.O. Box  2271,
Dunedin, Fl., 34697

Youth league: The parks and recreation departments in Hernando and Citrus
counties are looking for volunteers to assist with the newly formed USTA
National Junior Tennis League. Play begins in June.

Coaches and assistants are needed at tennis facilities throughout Hernando
County; no experience is necessary. Anyone interested in helping with the
league should call the Hernando County Recreation Division at 754-4031 or
Strings & Things Pro Shop in Brooksville at 799-8999, or, in Citrus County,
call (904) 795-2202.

Teen Tour: Michael Harvey of Atlanta, who has coached national junior  champions
and international professional players, is searching for 24 top  tennis players,
ages 14-17, to take part in The Summer 1994 Teen Tennis Tour.

The tour will consist of 24 days playing and six days touring the Dead Sea,
Jerusalem, Masada, Tiberius and Kibbutzim.

A $ 3,950 fee includes round-trip airfare, lodging, meals, competition  costs,
touring fees, ground transportation and health insurance. For more  information,
call (404) 262-2622.

Nature Coast Open: Nature Coast Tennis Open '94, a fund-raising event to
benefit school tennis programs in Hernando and Citrus counties, is scheduled
April 8-10 (Friday night matches will be played only if necessary).

Event headquarters are at the Sugarmill Woods tennis pro shop in Citrus  County,
with matches played at Sugarmill Woods and on Brooksville-area courts.

Singles divisions are separate men's and women's Open, B, B-50 and C;  separate
boys and girls high school, middle school and grade school I (grades  4-6); and
coed grade school II. Doubles divisions are separate men's and  women's Open, B,
B-60 and C; and separate boys and girls I (grades 3-12) and  II (grades 3-8).

Tax-deductible entry fee is $ 20 for one event, $ 30 for two. Cost includes a
tourney T-shirt, and balls are provided. Awards will be presented to all
finalists. Entry deadline is 6 p.m. on April 6, after which the tourney draw
will be held. For more information, or to enter, call 799-8999.

More upcoming tournaments: The Hospice Tennis Tournament is scheduled  Saturday
and Sunday at Citrus Hills. For more information, call (904)  795-2202.

The three-day East Lake Woodlands Men's Open runs through Sunday, with  singles
and doubles prize-money events. For more information, call (813)  785-2212.

Light n' Lively tickets, workshop: Mary Jo Fernandez of Miami, ranked fifth  in
the world in singles, highlights the field for the Light n' Lively women's
doubles tennis tournament March 24-27 at Saddlebrook in Pasco County. Tickets
cost $ 14-18.

Nutrition, sports psychology and the game of tennis are among the topics  for a
Ladies Day workshop being held in conjunction with the Light n' Lively
tournament at Saddlebrook Resort in Wesley Chapel.

The program will be presented by professional player Pam Shriver, who is
president of the St. Petersburg-based Women's Tennis Association Tour Players
Association, and tennis coach Julie Anthony. The workshop for area players is
scheduled from 10:30 a.m. until 1 p.m. March 25. Cost is $ 28, which includes
lunch and quarterfinal-round tickets to the tourney. For more information
tickets or the workshop, call (813) 535-4511.

- Correspondent Nancy Morgan contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 12, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Question Box

BYLINE: By Ray Corio

SECTION: Section C; Page 5, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 671 words



QUESTION: If Frank Viola of the Minnesota Twins in the American League and Danny
Jackson of the Cincinnati Reds in the National are voted the Cy Young awards in
their leagues, will it be the first time left-handers won the pitching honor in
the same year?

If it happens this season, it would be the second time left-handers had
dominated each league's voting since baseball began giving out two Cy Young
awards in 1967, but it would be the first time two starting left-handers did so.
The only other sweep from the left side occurred in 1977, when Sparky Lyle, the
Yankees' relief pitcher, earned the honor in the American League and Steve
Carlton, the Philadelphia Phillies starter, was the National League winner.

For Lyle, who had a 13-5 record, a 2.17 earned run average and 26 saves in his
72 relief appearances, that was the season of his career. For Carlton, who had a
23-10 record with a 2.64 e.r.a. in 36 starts, it was just another engraved line
for the plaque he'll eventually have in the Hall of Fame, the one that will
indicate he won three other Cy Young awards in his career: in 1972, 1980 and
1982.

In the 32-year history of the Cy Young award, one-third of the recipients have
been left-handers (18 of the 54 winners), including Mike Cuellar of the
Baltimore Orioles, who shared the American League award with the right-handed
Denny McLain of Detroit in 1969. In the first 11 years of the award (1956-66),
it was confined to one winner: the pitcher voted tops in the major leagues. Five
of those first 11 winners were left-handers, including one named Koufax, who was
deemed the best in the business three times.

QUESTION: In a doubles tennis match, is it legal for both players on the
receiving side to attempt to return the same serve? What about returning the
same shot?

Absolutely not, regarding the serve, and yes, with a qualification, regarding
the shot. Just as the order of serving is decided before each set in doubles
play, so too must the order of receiving be determined. So if the designated
receiver is unable to return the serve, his doubles partner must follow a
racquets-off policy and not go to his rescue. Nor can the nonreceiver play a
serve after his partner has hit the ball and before the ball has hit the ground.
In either case, give the point to the serving team.

However, once a serve has been returned properly and the ball is in play, both
partners can take their strokes in whatever sequence works, as long as only one
partner hits the ball. If both racquets strike the ball simultaneously, or
consecutively, the return is not good. But if the racquets strike each other and
it is clear that only one struck the ball, then the return is good, even if the
racquet no longer is.

QUESTION: Among the events held regularly, which world record in track and field
lasted the longest before being broken?

There were two, both in men's field events, and both took 25 years to break. In
1913, Patrick Ryan of the United States set a world record for the hammer throw,
189 feet 6 1/2 inches, that stood until 1938, when Erwin Blask of Germany
surpassed it with a throw of 193-6 7/8. In 1935, Jesse Owens of the United
States established a long-jump mark of 26-8 1/4. No one bettered it until 1960,
when another American, Ralph Boston, leaped 26-11 1/4.

The current world mark for the long jump, 29-2 1/2 by Bob Beamon at the 1968
Olympic Games, has lasted 20 years and who's to say it won't last another 20?
Minutes after Beamon made that record leap in Mexico City, Lee Evans of the
United States won the 400-meter run in 43.86 seconds, and that mark lasted 20
years before Butch Reynolds broke it last month with a clocking of 43.29.

The only other 20-year span between world marks also came in the long jump, a
long time ago. Myer Prinstein of the United States set the mark at 24-7 1/2 in
1900 and 21 years later, Edward Gourdin of the United States exceeded it with a
25-3. No women's world mark - in track or field events - has lasted more than 14
years.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             January 7, 2013 Monday

TV critics' tour: guns 'n' mimosas for breakfast

BYLINE: JOHN DOYLE

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW COLUMN; TELEVISION; Pg. L5

LENGTH: 873 words

DATELINE: PASADENA, CALIF.


jdoyle@globeandmail.com

It's that time. Los Angeles again, in January. And why? Because just as purple
is the new black in the fashion racket, January is the new September in the TV
racket.

After the unfolding of what was, by consensus, a mediocre new fall season for
2012/13, everybody is looking at the mid-season shows on network and cable, for
salvation. Hot shows return. HBO's Girls returns Jan. 13 and the first thing I
saw leaving the airport here was Lena Dunham's face, about two storeys high, on
a billboard.

New shows arrive and the Television Critics Association (TCA) press tour is
under way in Pasadena - two weeks of broadcast and cable channels presenting
their wares, all day every day, to about 200 journalists. Canadian TV execs and
publicists are here too. This ain't no junket, by the way. The TCA elects a
board of directors every two years to negotiate the winter and summer
presentations with the broadcasters. We pay our own way. The broadcasters turn
up and sell their shows.

These events have, famously, been called "a death march with cocktails." One
show after another, with regular stops for drinks offered by the broadcasters.
Usually the cocktails start when the sun goes down. But as with so much in the
TV racket here, the ambiance varies from the merely strange to the surreal.

The first presentation on Friday, at 8:45 a.m., was for Cougar Town, the comedy
that was on ABC but is now on the TBS cable channel. Flush with the success of
shifting a show ABC disliked to a welcoming TBS, the show's creators and cast
offered mimosas to the critics at breakfast time. Sparkling wine and grapefruit
juice. Trays of mimosas were carried through the hotel ballroom during the press
conference. Not many takers, mind you.

Onstage, the show's creator, Bill Lawrence, says, "When you have a TV show, the
goal is to stay alive." He suggests we shouldn't be shocked by the mimosas,
because there's a lot of drinking on the show. Star Courteney Cox declares, "It
feels like a brand-new show that hasn't changed."

Non sequiturs and cocktails at 9 a.m. Me, I'm a bit bewildered, especially after
a late arrival the night before and five hours sleep. Cougar Town does have a
Canadian broadcaster. It's on City TV and returns on Wednesday. But for all the
giddiness here, and the cocktails, it's not a show that is generating
excitement.

Banshee (starts Friday, HBO Canada, 11 p.m.) is certainly generating something -
puzzlement, excitement and a tincture of controversy. A slightly demented new
drama about an ex-con who passes himself off as the new sheriff of a very
corrupt small town, it's pulpy, violent and sexy. It's also very dark, if taken
literally. The controversy pertains to the gun violence. There is a sense here
that a new sensitivity to violence on TV is growing, in the wake of the recent
school shootings and in the context of a national debate about guns.

Greg Yaitanes, the veteran director, who acts as executive producer (along with
Alan Ball of True Blood and Six Feet Under) meets a few of us critics to talk up
the show and, immediately, addresses the violence issue. He says Banshee has "a
more European feel" than most U.S. TV. "It's set in a heightened-reality world,
a place where characters behave strangely but the strangeness is integral to the
drama."

He acknowledges that there might be a new sensitivity to violence, but points
out that his show airs on cable, is unlikely to be seen by children and can't be
mistaken for a mainstream drama. He concludes, "in this world of Banshee,
violence exists. It would be false to engineer the violence away from its
integrity in the drama because of a temporary thing in the [U.S.] culture. We're
not a shoot 'em up show. If people want to be sensitive to it, that's their
choice."

Actor Antony Starr, who plays ex-con Lucas Hood, points out that the show is
fiction and can hardly be described as realistic. Sitting for a one-on-one
interview, he says, "the key plot point is just implausible. An ex-con becomes
sheriff without anybody realizing who he really is. This world is obviously not
realistic. There's no way this show can be mistaken for gritty realism. There is
sex, there is violence, but it plays out like a graphic novel."

In another room - actually a bedroom - Ivana Milicevic, who plays the sheriff's
love interest, is also ready to talk. Playful and charming (she starts the
interview by posing on the bed, laughing), she says the show is about
"heartbreak," not violence. "My character, Carrie, was in love with this man
Lucas when they were both criminals. Now she's married to another man, a great
husband, and Lucas turns up again. I think that's heartbreaking."

About the violence, she says, "I'm a girl, and I'd rather watch sex scenes than
violence, but I don't have a problem with the violence on Banshee. It's not the
real world, is it? And I'm not sure that the problem of violence in society can
be put at the feet of the entertainment industry."

Maybe she's right. But it's all very confusing - the vast number of new shows,
the violence in them, the frantic selling of them and the cocktails for
breakfast. That was just the first morning here, where January is, confusingly,
the new September.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 18, 1996, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Game stirring up a racket

BYLINE: DARRELL FRY

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; FANFARE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 655 words



Good news for tennis. After showing declines in past years, sales of tennis
rackets and balls have been up lately. That's according to research from the
Tennis Industry Association, which monitors such things.

Following gains in the previous quarter, tennis ball sales hit 30.5-million  in
the first quarter of this year, about 12 percent higher than the first  quarter
of last year. Racket sales peaked at 815,500 for the first quarter of  this
year, up from 760,000 sold in the first quarter of 1995, according to the  TIA.

Apparently, this is the first time in nearly four years that ball and  racket
sales both showed increases over two straight quarters.

The TIA also reports that two surveys about tennis participation showed  that
more people - 18.5-million age 6 and older - are playing the game,  compared to
17.9-million in 1994.

"There is an almost direct correlation between tennis ball sales and  tennis
participation," TIA president Jim Baugh said. "And sales over the  past six
months leave no doubt that more people are playing tennis, and those  that were
playing, are playing more often."

Now, if the TIA can just find a way to get Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi -  or
Steffi Graf and Monica Seles - to meet in every Grand Slam final, tennis  would
be close to perfect.

ENOUGH ALREADY: Jim Courier loves to play on the tour - just not  year-round.
Courier told Tennis Magazine  this month that the tennis season is  too long.

"I think we should play through the end of October, then have November and
December off," he said. "I think there are a few events we could do without.
Condense the post-U.S. Open schedule; go straight to the indoor European  events
and wrap up with the Tour Championships and Davis Cup final, and  ciao."

Ciao is probably what the ATP Tour would tell him if he pitched that idea  to
them.

VANNA TO SERVE?: Guess whowill appear on a special episode of Wheel of  Fortune?
Pam Shriver.

The game show, which was taped recently, pitted Shriver of Baltimore  against
former Olympians John Naber and Dan Jansen. Shriver won, solving the  phrase The
Star-Spangled Banner to collect $ 40,000, which she donated to the  Greater
Baltimore Tennis Patrons.

MUSTER'S GREEN THUMB: Apparently, all the chiding Thomas Muster got for  being a
one-surface player has lit a fire under the clay-court prince.  Muster's run to
the semifinals at the Queen's Club event last week was his  best showing on
grass. And he's playing Wimbledon this year, which he once  skipped six out of
seven years and never has gone past the first round.

"I've set my priorities for this year and I want to give myself a chance  to do
well on grass," the second-ranked Muster said. "In the past, I've  never given
myself this chance. I never prepared for it."

MAYBE IT'S IN THE MAIL: Sampras has won three Wimbledon singles titles in a
row, but apparently, Sampras joked, that isn't enough to get him a visit to  the
White House like champions of other sports.

Quipped Sampras: "I hear Bill Clinton is a pretty nice guy, but I haven't  been
invited to his White House. I don't know what I've got to do for that.  Switch
parties maybe?"

SELES IN THE HOUSE: Seles' ailing shoulder can't be too serious; she took a
wild card into this week's Wimbledon tune-up event in Eastbourne, England.

Also in the field is Chanda Rubin, who had a hot start this season but has  been
slowed by injuries that forced her to skip the French Open.

CAN'T ARGUE WITH TRADITION: Goran Ivanisevic wasn't too broken up over his
third-round loss to Stefan Edberg at the Queen's Club event last week, a key
warm-up event for Wimbledon, which begins Monday.

"I always play bad here," Ivanisevic said of the Queen's Club tournament.  "It's
tradition. And when you come to England, you have to have tradition."

- Information from other sources was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 29, 2016 Tuesday 12:29 AM GMT

Andy Murray smashes racquet as British No 1 is dumped out of Miami Open by
Grigor Dimitrov;
The British No 1 endured ANOTHER meltdown as his hopes of landing a third Miami
Open title were ended by his Bulgarian rival

BYLINE: By irishmirror

SECTION: SPORT,OTHER SPORT,TENNIS

LENGTH: 382 words


A racquet-smashing Andy Murray saw his hopes of a third Miami Open title go up
in flames as he was beaten in three sets by Grigor Dimitrov.

Murray, who also went out of the Indian Wells Masters in the third round a
fortnight ago, was a set up but the 26th seed hit back to seal a 6-7, 6-4, 6-3
victory and leave Murray with just two wins on the ATP World Tour since reaching
the Australian Open final in January.

Playing at his training base in Florida, where he won the 2009 and 2013 titles,
there was little sign of home advantage for the Brit as the Bulgarian dominated
from the baseline throughout the match and when Dimitrov won the second set,
Murray took his frustration out on his racquet, which earned him a violation
from the umpire.

The opening set had started well for Murray as after wasting three break points
in the opening game he then made the breakthrough in the third game before
Dimitrov hit straight back to level at 2-2.

It went with serve until a tie-break where the Brit prevailed, conceding just
one point to take the set.

Any thoughts Murray had of a safe passage were quickly extinguished as an
error-riddled start to the second set saw him win just two points in the opening
four games as Dimitrov raced into a 4-0 lead.

Murray brought it back to 4-3 and then had a break point to level at 5-5 but
Dimitrov showed some steel to hold on for the set to send it to a deciding third
and push Murray over the edge as he got violent with his racquet.

That seemed to do the trick for Murray as he took advantage of some Dimitrov
errors to lead at 3-1 but then it began to crumble in the early evening sunshine
in Miami.

The Bulgarian broke back straight away and Murray, looking to be struggling
physically, cut a disconsolate figure in the latter stages of the match as
Dimitrov won the final five games in succession to take the deciding set 6-4.

Defeat ends a difficult time for the Scot, still coping with the demands of
being a new father, in the American hard-court swing of the year after exiting
the BNP Paribas Open at the same stage following an unlikely defeat to Federico
Delbonis.

He will now head back to Europe to prepare for the clay-court season, where he
is back in action at the Monte Carlo Masters in April.

Will Andy Murray win at least one Grand Slam this year?

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 2, 2000 Friday
                                National Edition

Seles on top of her game as she seeks French title

BYLINE: TOM TEBBUTT

SECTION: SPORTS COLUMN; Pg. S4

LENGTH: 617 words

DATELINE: PARIS


A year after Monica Seles slipped from the very front line of competitors on the
women's tour, she's back in a familiar role as one of the favourites at the
French Open.

Seles struggled from last summer onward with a stress fracture in her right foot
but has played with much of her old zest since returning to competition in
Oklahoma City in February, winning a lower-tier tour event there without losing
a set.

"I started playing really well when I came back," she said yesterday after an
old-fashioned Seles-like 6-0, 6-1 pasting of 72nd-ranked Emmanuelle Gagliardi of
Switzerland. "It surprised me because I hadn't hit a ball for about a 4½-month
period."

Since her return, she has risen to No. 3 in the rankings, but it should be noted
that No. 1 Martina Hingis and No. 2 Lindsay Davenport are almost ridiculously
ahead of everyone else. Hingis has 5,982 points and Davenport 5,945. Seles has
2,691 - not far removed from No. 8 Serena Williams, who has 2,314.

In terms of wins and losses, she's 26-4 this year, compared with Davenport, who
is 25-3. Hingis is 35-4. Seles has also won three tournaments - Oklahoma City,
Amelia Island (Florida) and the Italian Open in Rome two weeks ago.

She attributes part of her success to switching from a racquet that had a
130-square-inch head to one that is 110 square inches. "Everybody was giving me
a hard time about playing with the big racquet," she said, "but I loved it.
Against a few players, I need more manoeuvrability with the [smaller] head
size."

The racquet may help her, but it's more likely her physical conditioning has
enabled her to become more competitive again. Her only losses this year have
been to Hingis (twice), Davenport and Mary Pierce.

Seles looks to have dropped at least 10 pounds. "The last few years since I
played here in 1997, I've lost in very close matches - all of them like 6-4 or
7-5 in the third set," she said when asked about her fitness. "Coming in, I knew
that I have to improve that. I really started improving it about a month ago."

She also has a new coach, Bobby Banck of Bradenton, Fla., who is originally from
Buffalo and a junior rival of retired former tour player Jimmy Arias.

"It's been a very difficult situation having a coach for so many years [her
father, Karolj, who died in May of 1998] and suddenly travelling on your own,
being on your own. I'm a strong person, but you need guidance.

"It's been great to have people around me that I really trust and believe can
help me. It's something I've been searching for since my father died."

Asked how she feels to be back in the mix, with a shot at the title she won in
1990, 1991 and 1992 before being stabbed in Hamburg, Germany, a month before the
1993 French Open, Seles wouldn't easily concede that she has actually been out
of contention.

"I really felt I had a chance last year at the [U.S.] Open when I lost [in the
quarter-finals] to Serena [Williams]," she said. "I got physically tired. Serena
ended up winning the tournament.

"Then my foot was nagging me back and forth. It's an injury you have to be very
careful with.

"I think it all depends on me, what I want to do, how much I want to commit to
it [tennis] in all the different aspects. I really don't believe it's up to the
other players, how they're playing. It's really my own merit, what I want to do.
I think only time will tell if I'm going to rise up to that challenge or not."

Once during yesterday's second set, she missed a shot and one could lip-read a
combination of the two of the most common swear words in the English language.

She appears driven again. If there's any indecision about her commitment to
tennis, it's not showing at this year's French Open.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 17, 1989, Monday, FINAL EDITION

McEnroe keeps tough hide for endorsements

BYLINE: Elizabeth Comte

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 104 words



John McEnroe is trying to put the ''bad boy of tennis'' image behind him, but
that won't stop him from endorsing a line of signature leather jackets.

McEnroe, whose injured shoulder will keep him out of this week's Davis Cup match
against West Germany, is preparing to sign an endorsement deal with Snaeuwart
Tennis, a Belgian sporting goods company, to produce the jackets, a line of
McEnroe jeans and a signature line of rackets.

At Wimbledon, McEnroe reached the semifinals using a racket with the brand name
taped over.  He is testing Snaeuwart rackets to find which one he likes best.

''There's going to be a new marketing strategy with John,'' says David
Bagliebter, McEnroe's New York-based agent. ''He's older, more mature and he has
a family.''

Bagliebter says he's seeking endorsement deals for McEnroe in North America,
Western Europe and Japan.

McEnroe signed with ProServ in May after dropping Advantage International, which
reportedly had turned down some endorsement deals and had been unable to renew
his racket deal with Dunlop.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sportstalk

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         Cedar Creek Racquet Club, Inc

                             42 Racquet Club Drive
                              Cashiers,  NC 28717
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (828) 743-9380
FAX: (828) 743-1695
URL: www.cedarcreekracquetclub.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Cedar Creek Racquet Club is nestled in the Blue Ridge Mountains in the
quaint town of Cashiers (spoken "CASH-ers"), North Carolina. This town has the
advantage of being in the mountains as well as being very near the neighboring
states of Georgia, South Carolina and Tennessee. Cashiers has an elevation of
3,600 feet and is the center of a quiet unspoiled vacation area where there is
relief from temperature extremes, mosquitoes, air and water pollution.  Several
cultural and recreational amenities near to Cashiers are the Biltmore House and
Gardens, Western Carolina University's new Fine and Performing Arts Center,
Brevard College, golf courses, ski slopes, thousands of acres of National Forest
land, and shopping and fine dining in Cashiers as well as nearby Highlands, the
highest incorporated town east of the Rockies. Browsing local Chambers of
Commerce websites including Highlands, Macon County, Cashiers, Jackson County,
Brevard, and Transylvania County can link you to a multitude of area amenities.
Cedar Creek Racquet Club is located just east of the center of Cashiers on U.S.
64. The southwest and east of the site are two well known resort/country clubs:
High Hampton Inn and Country Club, and Fairfield Sapphire Valley Resort and
Country Club. These resort/country clubs are best known for their challenging
and beautiful golf courses.  This is where Cedar Creek Racquet Club differs. The
overriding theme is to provide a private club for active families who prefer
tennis

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 250,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                    Electre

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.electre.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We sell high quality Tennis strings, Badminton and Squash strings, our tennis
strings are tested at club and county level, our tennis strings are durable and
powerful and perform to high levels. Our agents think our tennis strings are
equal to our top competitors, and our club players come back again and again for
our tennis strings.  Our graphite frame repair service is used by both retail
and club players, the frame repairs started back in 1991 and we have completed
over 20,000 frame repairs since then, most customers cannot tell where the frame
repair has been done so if you break a racket send it to us for a quality frame
repair.  Paul has been restringing rackets for 38 years now, he has a unique
method to restring all kinds of badminton rackets which keeps the frame shape
perfect. At Electre we restring all kinds of rackets and for tennis repairs we
use a lot of our Hexyspin tennis strings to restring the completed frame repairs
as they perform best for players who use a lot of topspin.  Electre not only
have some unique products and equipment, they can supply the expertise to help
improve you game - whatever level you play at.  Should you have any questions on
rackets, stringing or repairs, please feel free to call Paul on 01434 673770 or
send him an email, using the 'contact us' page.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'Squashed tennis racket' bridge will be world's first;
?Ordsall Chord rail link will feature ground-breaking design of low arch with
lattice support

BYLINE: Charlotte Cox

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 501 words


THE WORLD'S first 'squashed tennis racket style' railway bridge will be used as
part of the £85m Ordsall Chord development.

The bridge, which will link Piccadilly and Victoria stations, will be built as
the UK's first 'network arch' - a low curve with a 'tennis racket' style
lattice.

But this one will be asymmetric - a design never seen before in the world.

The bridge will be built by steel firm Severfield in Bolton and then lifted by
crane over the River Irwell.

And its mastermind Peter Jenkins believes George Stephenson - who in 1830 built
the world's first inter-city railway, the Liverpool and Manchester Railway -
would approve.

Not only will it improve life for passengers, he said, but it will also boost
the regeneration of Salford.

On a tour of the scheme's work site off Water Street, Peter, architect director
at BDP, told the M.E.N: "I'd like to think that George Stephenson would have
approached the challenge in a similar manner, laying the new railway
infrastructure over the old.

"This was the first railway between two cities - now this is the first
asymmetric network arch bridge."

There has been controversy over the scheme as it runs through a heritage area
which marks the birth of modern railway.

But Peter says the project will actually shine a spotlight on the Grade I listed
Stephenson Bridge - which is 'more important than the Houses of Parliament or
Big Ben'.

The architect, who also designed Victoria and is working on Oxford Road and
Piccadilly, added: "I understand why people get excited about the history in
this area - so do I. "But I think we are doing the right thing in our approach.
There's been a lot of work done in terms of our design and research of the area.

"We are taking a fantastic grade I listed building and fully restoring and
repairing it and having a fantastic lighting scheme so it will be celebrated for
the first time in 100 years - we're doing the right thing."

Train buff Pete Waterman was also on the tour. He said: "I think George
Stephenson would have built this 10 years ago. I am always amazed at historians
who don't see history as the context it was in.Stephenson was about shortening
journeys, changing lives. We've got to think of the next generation - we have to
protect our history but not let it stop progress because that's not fair to the
next generation who are going to live here and get jobs. Just look at how
Salford is changing."

Chris Montgomery, programme director for Network Rail North of England said:
"It's fantastic to see something that's been on the drawing board coming out
with construction on the ground.

"It's so important, a project which will link Victoria and Piccadilly for the
first time, and a scheme which is intrinsically linked into the whole northern
programmes that will bring faster, and more frequent trains between all the
major cities in the north, between Liverpool, Manchester and Leeds and will
create jobs and growth.

The completion date is December 2017 when passengers should be able to use the
new route.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: . ?Architect Peter Jenkins (right) and railway enthusiast Pete Waterman
on a tour of the Ordsall Chord work site?An artist's impression of the new
bridge over the River Irwell near Water Street

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2016 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    October 13, 1996, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Sampras courts legal woes over racket toss of joy

BYLINE: ROBIN FINN; THE NEW YORK TIMES

SECTION: SPORTSPLUS; (SPORTS); Pg. B5

DATELINE: NEW YORK


It was about a month ago that Pete Sampras, transported for a joyful moment from
what has been the most harrowing year of his life, won the U.S. Open and tossed
his racket into the crowd in an unrehearsed and, as it turns out, badly aimed
gesture of celebration.

Scant seconds after Sampras used it to batter Michael Chang into submission, the
racket completed its trajectory by landing in the stands and giving its
recipient a black eye.

Now that same racket is being held like a hostage by an irate tennis spectator
who feels Sampras needs to make a public apology, and public restitution, for
his "irresponsible act." Or there's always litigation.

"Wow," was all Sampras could say upon learning that the unhappy fellow who
inherited his racket has now compared him to Roberto Alomar, baseball's
demonized spitter, in the athlete-without-a-conscience department.

"I guess I'll never throw another racket into the crowd again," said Sampras,
who has tossed winning rackets into the Wimbledon stands without censure, "but I
think in a way it's kind of unfortunate to be made to feel that way, because
there are fans out there who would probably be thrilled to catch one."

At the Open, Sampras was intending the winning weapon to sail into the hands of
Phil Knight, the Nike chairman who pays him heady millions simply to model the
company's tennis gear. But the souvenir never reached its target.

Instead, deflected by a sea of hands that grasped for what is arguably the best
piece of tennis memorabilia from 1996, the racket found its way into the arms
and eye of John Hopper, a 39-year-old executive with a New Jersey-based
promotional advertising firm.

"I caught the racket in self-defence," Hopper said. "I was assuming Pete Sampras
would call with an apology, but it seems like there's a new breed of athlete out
there, like Roberto Alomar, who think they're above the rest of us when it comes
to acting responsibly. I thought tennis was void of that."

Rather than being thrilled about finding himself on the receiving end of a
potential treasure in this era of million-dollar baseballs and megabuck
autographs, Hopper immediately launched a sort of eye-for-an-eye campaign.

Sure, he kept the offending racket, but on Sept. 23 he fired off a letter
demanding that Sampras conduct "a children's charity fundraiser ...
demonstrating to children what responsible action and sportsmanship is all
about."

And on Tuesday the player's representatives fielded another letter from Hopper
stating that he needed to hear from Sampras within seven days about the
proposals for a children's clinic.

"I have no interest in taking this to litigation, but I'm not eliminating it the
idea," said Hopper, who did not seek medical attention for his bruised left eye
at the Open, settling instead for ice from a vendor. "I'm not asking for
personal gain, but I do have rights: I never said there was no permanent injury,
and any form of injury has a potential for legal recourse."

Meanwhile, Sampras remains unconvinced that his racket toss was so irresponsible
and unsportsmanlike that he needs to put on a public performance to redeem
himself.

"I apologize that Mr. Hopper got hit in the eye by my racket, and I'm willing to
sign the racket for him in the hopes that he'll give it to a children's charity
so it can be auctioned off and hopefully do some good," Sampras said. "I'm sorry
it happened, but I don't see where it makes me a bad guy."


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1996

LENGTH: 579 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Pete Sampras has apologized to the man hit by the
racket at the U.S. Open but the man wants a bigger gesture

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           November 26 1988, Saturday

A talent which took a surprise option; Rackets

BYLINE: MICK CLEARY

SECTION: Issue 63249.

LENGTH: 774 words


Are champions born or made? Few possess James Male's natural gifts, as Mick
Cleary discovered

The small, hard-cored ball went whizzing past the left ear of 13-year-old James
Male, who watched it thud into the rear wall and reflected: 'Another inch to the
right and that would have taken my eye out. This looks like good fun.' He
promptly threw away his squash and tennis gear and took to what he considered to
be a real sport rackets.


'It is quite simply the most thrilling game I have ever played, ' he enthuses.
If love of a sport is a pre-requisite of success then it was perhaps no surprise
when last March, at the age of 23, Male beat Willie Boone of the United States
6-1 to become the youngest world rackets champion this century.

Rackets is something of an unique sport; there are only about 25 courts in the
country. Put simply it is an accelerated version of squash played on a court
approximately three times the size. Fittingly, James Male is something of a
unique person.

What sets him apart is that he is ambidextrous. There is no weaker side to his
game: he simply switches hands as he switches sides for service. As a schoolboy
cricketer he was a proficient right-hand batsman and an accomplished left-arm
bowler. He plays golf right- handed to a handicap of 10 and has only recently
dropped his double-handed grip in rackets, a style which won him numerous
schoolboy tennis titles.

Indeed, if it had not been for the irresistible lure of rackets, James Male
might have become part of that distinguished line of great British Tennis
Failures. He won the national preparatory schools doubles title and, whilst at
Radley, he twice represented Great Britain. At the age of 16 he partnered the
rugby union international, Andrew Harriman, to the Public Schools doubles
championship and was only ever a whisker behind Jeremy Bates in the national
rankings.

'What might have been, ' he now muses. 'I would have loved to have played
professional sport, just to see how good I actually was. In fact, during a year
I spent at a school in Cincinnatti on leaving Radley, I was offered a
scholarship by the University of Florida. After a lot of deliberation I turned
it down.

'A bit of a coward's decision I suppose. I was afraid that there was not much
future for a failed tennis player. It was Big Bang time in the City so I opted
for some ready money instead.'

Male's proficiency at tennis was remarkable in that he never gave it more than
an eight week thrash in the summer holidays. From the age of 13 rackets was his
all-consuming passion. He found the pace of the game quite exhilarating, with
the solid one-inch ball ricocheting off the walls at speeds up to 170 mph.
Unlike the metronomic line and length pattern of most top class squash matches,
rackets is very much a cut and thrust duel, with the players dropping the ball
short or cutting it sharply off the back walls. Either that or blistering it
down the side walls.

Male took to it instantly. Under the expert tutelage of Radley's coach, Mike
Dean, he won the national colts singles at the age of 15 and took the Public
Schools title three years later. 'James's great asset' says Dean, 'was his
superb footwork and lightning reflexes. Like all great champions he was also
prepared to work extremely hard at his game.'

Male had inherited the fine hand and eye co-ordination of his father, who had
won several lawn tennis titles himself as a schoolboy. From somewhere else he
insists comes a fiery, competitive temperament which, at times, used to boil
over into unsavoury outbursts. 'I only really exploded when playing tennis, and
very rarely at school, ' he says. 'I soon realised that poor behaviour would not
be tolerated in rackets, and perhaps because the game itself is so much faster
and more aggressive, particularly in doubles, I found that I had no energy left
for tantrums.'

It was surprising that he had any energy left for his studies either. Quite
apart from his rackets he played centre for the first XV, was captain of the
hockey team and was an all-rounder in the first XI. Nonetheless he picked up
nine O levels and two A levels before embarking on his year in the United States
on an English Speaking Union scholarship.

There Male was too far from a court to practise but his inate talent suffered
little from the enforced sabbatical. Within three years he was world champion,
and is understandably favourite to take the British Amateur Singles
championship, which begins at Queen's Club next Thursday.

IAN STEWART

Eyes on the ball: the concentration and balance which helped make a world
champion

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 23, 1988, Saturday, City Edition
                              Correction Appended

Members seek financing to keep racquet club alive

BYLINE: Darrell Fry; Nancy Morgan

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Tennis; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 826 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG; CLEARWATER



--

        ST. PETERSBURG - The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg is struggling
financially, and a group of members is trying to buy it out. If the    group is
unsuccessful and no other buyers surface, the 20-year-old    tennis facility may
be demolished, the club's principal owner said.

     "That's always a possibility. We'll have to cross that bridge when    it
happens," said J.B. Baldwin, president of Racquet Club Management    Inc., which
owns the club. "I feel (the members) can come through with    it."

     Fifteen people who belong to the St. Petersburg facility have    formed a
corporation called Racquet Club Members Inc. The corporation    is trying to
encourage the club's 235 or so other members - and any    non-members - to
invest $ 3,000 each to meet Racquet Club Management's    asking price of $
750,000. Each investing member then would own stock in    the club.

     Baldwin has given the members a 60-day purchase option. They have    until
Aug.25 to raise the money before the current owners consider    offers from
other possible buyers.

     Richard Roberts, co-chairman of the members' corporation, said the    group
has about $ 100,000 now.

     "It's difficult to call," Roberts said of the group's chances of    raising
the additional $ 650,000. "It's going to be tough. We'll have a    much better
feeling in about two weeks."

     The group is attempting to educate prospective investors through    letters
and meetings, the next of which is Tuesday night at the club,    170 47th Ave.
NE.

     Other local clubs, such Feather Sound Country Club and Paradise    Island
Golf and Tennis Center, are owned by their members.

     Roberts said the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg membership group    has
tentative plans to make the club exclusive to members. Anyone    wanting to join
after the purchase, Roberts said, probably would have    to pay about $ 3,500
and would own stock in the club.

     Currently, an individual joining the club pays a $ 400 initiation    fee
plus $ 55 a month; the fees are $ 500 and $ 82.50 for a family.

 Roberts said that "if the numbers are right," the members' group    likely
would charge $ 44 a month for individuals and $ 64 a month for    families in
addition to requiring an initial investment of about    $ 3,000.

     "We're not going to try to make a profit. Nobody will receive any
dividends," Roberts said. "We just want to keep the club around."

     The tennis club was built in 1968 by the Robert Crisp Sr. family of    St.
Petersburg. The Crisp family took on partners in 1980 and sold the    facility
to Racquet Club Management Inc. six years later for    $ 1-million.

     "Basically, we really didn't want to own it from the start," said
Baldwin, of Parsley-Baldwin Realty, in St. Petersburg. "We did it    because a
friend (Crisp Sr.) asked us to get involved. It's never been    a profitable
investment, so ultimately we need to do something."

     Baldwin declined to specify how much money the club has lost,    saying
only that "it hasn't been losing a lot."

     The club has 14 Har-Tru (clay) courts, three hard courts, a    swimming
pool, locker rooms and a non-operating restaurant. The    facility is home to
the Thom Howard Academy tennis team and is the site    of the Class 2A, District
5 high school tennis tournament and several    other amateur events.

     Roberts said those tournaments would be unaffected if the    corporation
purchased the club.

 City tennis center one    of district runners-up

   CLEARWATER - Local adult tennis teams from District 12 competed in
USTA/Volvo central-regional play in Lakeland last weekend, earning one
championship, three second places, and two fourth places among 27 teams    in
seven divisions.

      The men's 4.0 McMullen team won its division and next month    advances to
state competition for the second consecutive year. McMullen    defeated Orlando
3-2 in its first match and scored a default win over    Tampa in the second.

     McMullen captain Dick Whissel won the No.1 singles title with a    6-4, 6-3
win, and the No.1 doubles team of Paul Corace and Harry    Lambert overcame a
second-set loss for a championship. Chip Gamble and    Bob Newhouse (No.2) won
in straight sets to assure the team of first    place.

      Regional runners-up were the men's teams from Seminole Lake    Racquet
Club (4.5) and the St. Petersburg Tennis Center (5.0) and the    women's 4.5
East Lake Woodlands squad. The 4.0 McMullen and 3.5 Dunedin    women's teams
were fourth.

 - NANCY MORGAN

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

CORRECTION-DATE: July 26, 1988

CORRECTION:
Royal Racquet Club of Clearwater won the men's 4.0 division at the USTA/Volvo
central tennis competition last week. A story Saturday identified a different
team as the winner.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Liverpool Echo

                              June 13, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

200 racquets needed for record bid

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 143 words


ORGANISERS of the Liverpool International need another 200 tennis racquets to
help them set a new world record next week.

Anders Borg hopes to smash the record for coaching kids in a single session -
set by Andy Murray's mother Judy in New York earlier this year - when he invites
1,600 schoolchildren to Liverpool Cricket Club next Wednesday.

Organisers have laid their hands on 1,400 racquets, but need another 200 so that
every boy and girl who turns up can take part in the record attempt.

The current world record stands at just 406 schoolchildren.

"We need more racquets," said Borg.

"We've had plenty donated already, but there must be lots of people out there
with old tennis racquets lying around in their garden sheds not being used. If
people could drop them off at the cricket club we'll make sure they're put to
good use in the world record attempt."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LPE


               Copyright 2014 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Safra paid dues upon receiving invoice

                             July 31, 2004 Saturday


WE REFER to the column, 'Squashed out in voting storm' (The Sunday Times, July
18), by Mr Jeffrey Low.

In the article, Safra was projected as not being able to '... pay up on time'
its membership dues with the Singapore Squash Rackets Association (SSRA).

We would like to clarify that upon receiving the invoice from SSRA on June 17,
Safra responded promptly by making payment by June 30. It is our practice to
make payment upon receiving an invoice and this would have also applied had the
invoice been received earlier.

That the invoice had reached Safra somewhat belatedly should not reflect on the
organisation's financial standing or its administrative ability, or both, as
seemed to be suggested by the article.

We thank Mr Desmond Hill for his past support for Safra and we look forward to
the new leadership under Mr Charles Ng. Safra will continue to support SSRA and
the sport.

We hope the above puts the matter in its proper perspective.

AGNES ONG (MS)Asst General ManagerClubs & Public AffairsSafra

JEFFREY LOW REPLIES:

According to the Singapore Squash Rackets Association constitution, payment must
be made by March 31. Since Safra made payment on June 30, it defaulted by three
months. If it is alleged that the invoice was sent 'somewhat belatedly' on June
17, it is an administrative matter for the SSRA and Safra to settle.

SECTION: ST Forum

LENGTH: 227 words

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              April 7, 1991 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

STOLEN PORSCHE SCAM TRACED TO AUSTRALIA;
SUNDAY SPOTLIGHT

BYLINE: By GAVIN CANTLON, CINDY JONES and STEVE WARNOCK in Sydney and DALE PAGET
in Los Angeles.

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1458 words


AN international investigation, involving NSW and Australian Federal Police and
Customs, is underway following claims that Australia has been a major market in
a multi-million-dollar racket in stolen Porsche cars.

A Sydney man, jailed in California for his role as head of a luxury car stealing
and export ring based in Los Angeles, has boasted about the fortune he and his
Australian partner made.

When arrested late last year, Guiseppi Russo, 27, owned a yacht, drove Porsches
and BMWs, ate at the best restaurants, was seen with beautiful woman and rented
a luxury apartment at exclusive Newport Beach.

Russo, self-confessed head of the network, and his partner Steven Wayne
Spaliviero, 26, also of Sydney, were sentenced last month to 16 months in
California's tough Chino Prison for their role in the racket.

Russo said last week from the maximum-security section of Chino that Australian
and US police had "barely scratched the surface" of the international network.

NSW police, who have formed a special task force - codenamed Operation Cabriolet
- to investigate the racket, have applied to the office of the Deputy Public
Prosecutor (DPP) to have Russo extradited to Australia.

Detective Sergeant Andy Waterman, of Sydney's North Region Crime Squad, said
that in 1989 Russo had been committed for trial to a Sydney court on three
charges of possessing stolen Porsches.

The previous year he had been extradited from Victoria to face the charges but
he fled to the US when granted bail.

"The extradition matter is in the hands of the DPP and authorities in the US
will be talking to Russo," Sgt Waterman said.

Russo told a Sun-Herald reporter in a jail interview last week he and others had
shipped millions of dollars' worth of stolen Porsches and car parts to Sydney.

He said a distribution network sent the stolen cars and parts to car dealers in
NSW, Queensland, Victoria and Western Australia.

"We have probably sent back in the last three years maybe hundreds and hundreds
of containers," Russo confessed.

Russo said he bought stolen Porsches - worth more than $100,000 in Australia -
for between $US5,000 and $US10,000 on the Los Angeles black market.

"For the deals (on the LA streets) we were getting you could probably say the
cars were a bit tropical," he said.

Russo claimed politicians and well-known lawyers in Australia had unknowingly
bought cars stolen in Los Angeles.

"You'd be surprised to know how really big it is," Russo said.

"There is a lot of really legitimate people buying a lot of stuff from us.

While many buyers in Australia contacted Russo or Spaliviero as a result of"word
of mouth", the two racketeers also advertised in major Australian newspapers.

Some cars were advertised at tens of thousands of dollars less than the normal
retail price.

The Sydney end of the international probe into the racket involves police from
the Motor Squads in North and South Regions, headed by detective sergeants Andy
Waterman and Kevin Day.

One of the investigative team, Det Sgt Kevin Walsh of South Region, said
authorities in Australia were liaising with police officers in California.

Sgt Walsh said the stolen Porsches shipped to Australia would have to be
converted from left to right-hand drive but said "the job is not that big".

He said import duty would have to be paid on the stolen cars and parts but added
"there are probably a lot of wrecks coming in and the import duty would not be
too stiff".

Sgt Walsh said Customs would have to clear the cars before they could reach
buyers.

Customs spokesman Alistair Wilson said the Australian Customs Service had been
part of the investigations, cooperating with US Customs officers and other law
enforcement agencies.

"We have been looking around the world at other areas doing this sort of thing
for a little while and this is one of the first ones to come to fruition," he
said.

"We have been working fairly closely with the US Customs authorities to
intercept this particular racket."

He said it was difficult to break such rackets without good information. It was
not the job of Customs to ask an importer how he came to get the goods in the
first place.

"We have to accept up front that it was a legitimate purchase until we get some
information which says it might not be all square. Everybody knows we don't look
at every container - we can't.

"Our method is risk assessment. We assess every container and everybody on a
scale of risk and if it is high enough then obviously we are going to look at it
closely."

He said there was little difference in duty paid whether the car was a private
or commercial import.

He said that in Australia vehicles had to comply to road safety standards before
they could be registered.

Russo said all the stolen cars imported into Australia were checked by Customs
"and there had never been any problems".

He said some of the cars he had shipped to Australia would not remain in the
country but were exported to dealers in the Middle East.

While Russo refused to give specific details of the Australian end of the
network, he did reveal the buyers were "legitimate" people.

Many of them had Porsche workshops and were "looking for a good deal", Russo
said.

The Los Angeles stolen car industry is so sophisticated that all the cars and
parts Russo bought came with what appeared to be bona fide paperwork.

It was a cash business and Russo said he would carry tens of thousands of
dollars on him when he visited contacts who had stolen the cars.

Russo was well-equipped for trouble when he went to make a deal.

"We always carried hand guns because we always had a lot of money," he said.

"You go to Los Angeles or Long Beach and you go there with cash - lots of it."

While Russo gave something of an insight into the racket he was not prepared to
tell the whole story.

"I don't want to say much because when I go back to Australia people will try to
tell me that politicians are buying stuff from us and they know what's going
on," Russo said.

But, for now at least, Russo's fast lifestyle has been put on hold. In
overcrowded Chino Prison he mixes with killers, gunmen and a former bunk mate of
mass murderer Charles Manson.

"It's pretty hard for a fellow who's never been in jail before," Russo said.

Russo said he was considered "fair game" for the black and white gangs and the
Mexican mafia in the jail.

Russo said that since arriving at Chino Prison he had not heard from his family.

Russo and Spaliviero were jailed after plea-bargaining and pleading guilty to
possession of about $US1 million worth of Porsches and parts.

Newport Beach police had raided their homes, businesses and intercepted a
container load of stolen parts being shipped to a Perth car dealer.

"The story was we were purchasing cars and parts from people out here, American
people, and when we got raided they didn't want to know where we were getting
the things from," Russo said.

"No-one sort of asked any questions so it just kept going on and on," he said.

Russo, who will be moved to another prison next week, said he regretted getting
involved in the racket and wanted to return to Australia.

However, he is worried he will face charges in Sydney.

"We haven't heard anything from Australia," Russo said.

Russo big-noted that most of the money he and Spaliviero made during the past
three years had not been seized by police.

"Thank goodness we were smart," Russo said, adding they had deposited the black
market cash in American and Australian banks.

Australian Federal Police in Los Angeles said said they were looking at the car
stealing racket.

"It's on an operational and liaison basis," an AFP officer said.

To date, the only people who have interviewed Russo are US immigration and
taxation officials.

Meanwhile, mystery surrounds a container which has been sitting on Brisbane
wharves for the past few months which Customs believe contains either a Porsche
or spare parts.

A spokesman for Customs said they were in no position to confirm whether the
contents were stolen or otherwise.

And, the spokesman said, the inquiry had yet to establish whether the container
was linked to the Californian racket.

(GRAPHIC)

1. Porsches stolen from Los Angeles.

2. Gang pays cash (as low as $US10,000) for stolen Porsches.

3. Gang advertises in Sydney papers for Porsches and spare parts.

4. Porsches either stripped down for spare parts or put whole into cargo
containers.

5. Containers shipped to Sydney.

6. Customs clear containers (paperwork legitimate)

7. Buyers collect cars/spare parts or they are distributed throughout NSW,
Queensland, Victoria, Western Australia and some are sent to the Middle East.

PORSCHE PRICES

1985 911 Carrera $80,000

1985 928S $89,000

1985 944 $50,000

1988 911 Coupe $110,000

1988 928S4 $129,000

1988 944 $80,000

* All average prices. Figures supplied by John Newell Porsche Centre,
Darlinghurst

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Ports: CAR RACKET BOSS: Guiseppi Russo. PORSCHE RACKET PARTNER:
Steven Spaliviero. Table: PORSCHE PRICES Diag: How the racket was operated
Graphic by Edi Sizgoric

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           September 21, 2012 Friday

Baxter keeps promise with tourney entry

BYLINE: Mic Huber

SECTION: C; ARCHIVES; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 792 words


Rill Baxter literally grew up on the courts at the Sarasota Bath and Racquet
Club, honing a game that would make him one of the top junior players in the
country and earn himself a tennis scholarship to Pepperdine University.

Somewhere along the way, the player with the unusual first name and the talented
tennis game made a vow to two people.

"I promised Wag and myself that I was going to play this tournament," Baxter
recalled Thursday.

"Wag" was Ken Wagstaff, who built and owned the club where the half dozen Baxter
kids took lessons.

The tournament was a national senior clay court tournament that is now known as
the Ken Wagstaff Memorial USTA National Men's 50 Clay Court Championships.

The latest version of the tournament will be played Oct. 7-14 at the Bath and
Racquet Club and Baxter will be among the players competing for the gold ball
that signifies winning a national title.

"I grew up at the Bath and Racquet and watched all those guys before me play,"
said Baxter, who was also a multi-year winner of the old Sarasota Herald-Tribune
tournament. "Now it is my turn, I guess. Before I knew it, the tournament is
here."

Baxter, a vice president at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, will be the young
kid in the field, not turning 50 until Oct. 26. He has prepared for this moment
and would like to make the most of it.

"I want to put on a good showing, considering I work and have a family and
everything else," he said. "I am going to try my best to be as fit as I can."

The process began a little more than a year ago when Baxter played his first
singles tournament in 15 years.

"The reason I did that was because I realized this tournament was coming up and
I want to play well," he said. "I started basically from scratch."

In three major events he played in this year, Baxter reached the fourth round of
the ITF Senior World Championships, the final of the Atlanta Senior Invitational
Championships and semifinals of the USTA National Men's 50 Indoor Championships,
losing to the eventual winner.

The Bath and Racquet event annually draws the best 50-over players from across
the country. Deadline to enter the event is Sunday. Players can enter online, or
call tournament director Penny Wagstaff at 941 539-6335.

Moore reaches final

Montana Moore, a 15-year-old tennis player from Bradenton, recently reached the
final in the 18-under division of the Daytona Beach Designated junior
tournament.

Moore, who trains at Cary Cohenour's Celsius Tennis Academy in Sarasota, upset
the No. 2 seeded player 6-0, 6-3 in the first round. Unseeded, Moore won four
matches and beat two more seeds to make it to the final before losing to
Orlando's Star Makarome.

The Manatee High student was up 8-4 in the third set tiebreaker before falling
10-8.

Bryan brothers match

Tickets are now available for the Dec. 15 exhibition match featuring the Bryan
brothers to be held at the Sarasota Bath and Racquet Club.

Bob and Mike Bryan won the gold medal in doubles at the 2012 Olympics and more
recently won the U.S. Open doubles championship.

Tickets for the Bath and Racquet event may be purchased at
premiertennistravel.com. VIP tickets are $100. General admission is $75 and
children's tickets are $30. In addition to the exhibition match, four players,
willing to put up $5,000 each, will get the opportunity to play tennis privately
with the twins and also go to dinner with the pair.

Call Eric Davidson at 923-8381 for information.

East Tennessee State enters Vitale Classic

East Tennessee State has entered the women's half of the Dick Vitale LWR
Intercollegiate Clay Court Classic to be played Nov. 9-11 at the Lakewood Ranch
Country Club.

The addition of ETS completed the field of the singles and doubles tournament,
now in its third year.

Men's teams include: Florida, Miami, South Florida, Pepperdine, Arizona, Duke,
Virginia, Minnesota, Oklahoma and Princeton. Women's teams include: Florida,
Oklahoma State, Alabama, Memphis, Notre Dame, Tennessee and Mississippi State
and East Tennessee State.

Call 941 907-2255 for more information.

Junior team league

Registration ends Saturday for Team Tennis Junior League, the second largest
junior league in the state. Registration is open to youth players from Manatee,
Sarasota and Charlotte counties.

The league is open to juniors from age 8 to 18 and all levels from beginner to
the tournament player.

The program, which is run by USPTA pros from 15 participating facilities
throughout the area, includes eight weeks of match play on Saturdays and also a
season-ending playoff for qualifying teams in each division.

For more information and registration, contact League Director Sue Zipay at 941
475-4489 or go online at teamtennisjuniorleague. com.

- Please send tennis news to mic.huber@heraldtribune.com or call 941 361-4853.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 31, 2011 Tuesday

Still causing a racket

BYLINE: Karl E. Pearson, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 438 words


May 31--His arrival in a new age bracket has moved Geneva boys tennis coach Phil
Dubsky to the upper echelon of United States Tennis Association on a national
scale.

But for all that the Geneva-on-the-Lake resident has achieved in the past couple
of months with his move into the 55-and-over age group, Dubsky is not as
impressed with his achievements as those of his high school coach and lifelong
mentor at Geneva, Arnie Bradshaw.

Mind you, Dubsky should give himself a little credit for what he achieved
recently at the Midwest Clay Court Championships in Indianapolis. After all, he
doubled his pleasure, walking away from the tournament as the singles champion
and combining with partner John Wright of Terre Haute, Ind. to claim the doubles
championship in their age group as well.

"It was a really taxing tournament, but I was very pleased," Dubsky said. "It
was satisfying to win two events. So far, it's been a year of firsts for me."

His efforts in Indianapolis follow a runner-up finish in singles at the National
Indoor Championships in Boise, Idaho in March.

"It's possible I could go to No. 1 in singles nationally," Dubsky said. "The
rankings won't come out until the end of the month.

"We were ranked 21st in doubles going into the tournament. We might be able to
make the top 10."

But Dubsky really gets excited when he talks about what Bradshaw, the originator
of the Geneva boys program, achieved in the 70-and-over bracket of the
tournament by placing third.

"In some respects, I think Arnie's results were more impressive than mine," he
said. "He went into the tournament unranked, but he's such a great competitor.

"I play a lot, but Arnie doesn't get that chance. And a lot of the guys that he
played are retired, so all they do is play."

One of Bradshaw's victories particularly impressed Dubsky.

"One of the matches Arnie won went four hours," he said. "I hope I'm still
functioning at 70, let alone winning a four-hour match."

Bradshaw is a constant source of inspiration to Dubsky.

"I think we spur each other on," he said. "Neither one of us wants to let the
other guy down. We travel together and it's always a great experience. I love
listening to all his stories.

"I think we're really kindred spirits. The fact we share the same birthday
(Sept. 26) has a lot to do with that."

To see more of the Star Beacon or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.starbeacon.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110531-OB-Still-causing-a-racket-0531-20110531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                           Copyright 2011 Star Beacon


                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            September 8, 2006 Friday

First 5 soldiers on despite displacement;
BAY POINT: Fire sent childhood education program to a neighboring rec center,
but plans are in motion for a new home

BYLINE: Laurie Phillips, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 422 words


"Aqui, mi amor, aqui!" Doris Hernandez called to Juan Pablo, as her 2-year-old
son raised his racket and stared intently at the fuzzy green tennis ball.

With no hesitation, Juan Pablo followed the ball's bounce and sent it sailing
over the low red net.

"Excelente!" his mother cried, and he waved his racket, eager for another try.

Around them, Juan Pablo's 6-year-old sister, Doris, and two other young boys
swung their own rackets inside the enclosed courts behind Ambrose Recreation
Center in Bay Point. Through mid-July, the Bay Point First 5 Center offered this
Pee Wee Tennis course -- and all other programs -- at its building about a mile
down Willow Pass Road. But a fire there late July 11 has led all of the programs
to be moved to Ambrose.

"We call ourselves gypsies sometimes," center director Lollie Gutierrez said,
"but we always find a home. This community has been great in embracing us."

The fire, which resulted in about $400,000 worth of damage, gutted First 5's
center -- including all its toys, furniture and office supplies -- and also
displaced the Bay Point Chamber of Commerce. The cause is still being
investigated, Contra Costa Fire District spokeswoman Emily Hopkins said.

The center's activities will take place at Ambrose for the foreseeable future,
Gutierrez said. The day of the fire, Gutierrez was on the phone with Ambrose
officials to see whether the center could accommodate First 5's classes around
its own offerings. Her goal, Gutierrez said, was to make sure all programs
continued uninterrupted and no families were lost in the process.

First 5 classes cover topics such as parenting, tobacco education, family
literacy and early childhood education. All are free to Bay Point and Pittsburg
parents of children up to 5 years old, and they are offered in English and
Spanish.

In the meantime, officials are working to secure the money needed for a
permanent center near the old one, at 10 Mountain View Ave., said Frances
Greene, executive director of the Pittsburg Pre-school & Community Council. To
fit First 5's needs, another room must be added to the newly remodeled building
there, and landscaping, curbs and gutters should be added to the land around it.

Anyone interested in donating labor or services should call 925-439-2061.

Reach Laurie Phillips at 925-779-7164 or lphillips@cctimes.com.

More information about any of the Bay Point First 5 Center's programs is
available by calling 925-709-2023. The Ambrose Recreation Center, where classes
are now held, is at 3105 Willow Pass Road in Bay Point.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             April 16, 2010 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Badminton takes flight;
Weekend pursuits Simple to master and excellent value, this popular racket sport
is a perfect activity for all the family, says NAT BARNES

BYLINE: NAT BARNES

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 506 words


MORE than a million UK adults play it at least once a month, it has a higher
participation rate than rugby or cricket and the mixed doubles team Gail Emms
and nathan robertson won a silver at the olympics in Athens in 2004. Yet despite
this and the European Championships starting in Manchester this weekend,
badminton lacks being associated with an iconic event such as Wimbledon.

Not that this has had a negative impact on the sport. With an estimated 25,000
badminton courts around the UK it is easier to find somewhere to play than
squash or tennis and is often much cheaper.

"Badminton has higher participation rates than rugby or cricket but because
those sports are played outdoors and are more visible they tend to have a higher
profile," says George Wood, from Badminton England. "However the courts are easy
to set up which makes it popular with schools. Almost half of all secondary
school children will play at least once a year."

There's no question that badminton's popularity is built on accessibility and
low cost. With the majority of leisure centres boasting courts it's simply a
question of ringing and booking one for an hour (costing as little as £4). if
you are just starting out you can often hire rackets and shuttlecocks too.

If you do want to buy your own equipment a basic new racket will only set you
back £10 and a tube of six shuttlecocks costs around £5. it is one of the most
equally balanced sports between men and women, is easy to learn and, regardless
of age or ability, you can rapidly build up sufficient skills to have a rally.
the light rackets and slow movement of the shuttlecock make it excellent for
children too.

"Badminton is superb for giving you a workout," says George. "it doesn't matter
if you or your opponent are not particularly fit and strong, you will still be
able to enjoy a good rally."

BADMINTON is great aerobic exercise. With the racket movement you'll be working
your arms and as you lunge to return shots, your legs too. the rapid changes of
direction make it excellent for balance and core muscles. Playing regularly can
also improve bone density and bone strength, reducing the chances of
osteoporosis later in life.

Many leisure centres have badminton courts which are available to book. they may
also have badminton clubs which run leagues as well as social and practice
nights and beginner courses. this autumn Badminton England is launching no
strings Badminton at leisure centres where you can simply turn up, pay and play.
it is open to anyone and similar to an exercise class at a gym. so now there is
nothing stopping you.

Visit badmintonengland.co.uk and nostringsbadminton.co.uk for more details.
Watch the pros in action at the European Championships this weekend in
Manchester. Tickets are priced from £18 from ticketmaster.co.uk

DON'T LEAVE HOME WITHOUT...

Yonex Nano Speed badminton racket, £29.99 (pwp.com)

Yonex Mavis 300 shuttlecocks, tube of 6, £6.50 (ukrackets.com)

Head Hi badminton trainers, £39.99 (pwp.com)

Adidas tech fit short sleeve top, £22 (ukrackets.com)

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RALLY ROUND: You can quickly get to grips with the sport to enjoy a
game
Picture: CORBIS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2010 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 14, 1990, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

TEXAS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 39 words


Dallas defeated Houston 26-14 to win the McKinley Cup juniors tennis tournament
at the T Bar M Racquet Club in Dallas. Dallas was helped by Greenhill School
boys Mark Johnson and Charles Norton, who won their singles matches.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   amNewYork

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Egg cream racket in 1920s NYC is subject of new podcast

BYLINE: Georgia Kral, amNewYork, New York

SECTION: FOOD NEWS

LENGTH: 493 words


Nov. 21--Classic met contemporary on Thursday night at the Russ & Daughters Cafe
on the Lower East Side. Well-dressed guests chomped on bite-sized knishes with
spicy mustard and delicate slices of pickled herring on toasts. Egg creams were
guzzled alongside gin and dill cocktails served in coupes.

And of course, the cafe itself, which only opened this year, is an updated
version of the original Jewish appetizing store of the same name, complete with
table service, alcoholic libations and caviar.

In the middle of this glamour, actors gathered to do a reading of the podcast
"King of the Egg Cream," which fuses old-fashioned radio storytelling with
today's audio technology. The story is very loosely based on the true story of
the Egg Cream racket in 1920's New York City.

"'King of the Egg Cream' is a New York gem; it's like 'Serial' but with Jews,
guns and chocolate syrup," said Alana Newhouse, Editor-in-Chief of Tablet
Magazine, which released "King of the Egg Cream."

The series came to life because of Justin Bartha ("The Hangover"), who both
stars in and directs the 10-episode series that is out now. Other stars include
Ellen Barkin, Ari Graynor, Lewis Black, Richard Kind and Alex Karpovsky, who
took part in the reading Thursday night.

"It's a Jewish story and the characters to me were very rich and textured and
outlandish, in the way that you can kind of imagine from a lot of historical
Jewish characters. Thats what drew me in," said Karpovsky in an interview by the
bathrooms, which are infamous for having deli-ticket number lined walls.

He said he enjoyed doing the series because as an actor, having only your voice
to rely on was an exciting challenge.

"In film and TV, there's a lot of information that's conveyed between the words,
in gestures, facial expressions, body language and so on," he said. "Here you're
just focusing on vocal intonations and inflections to express everything. That
and silences. It's a much more narrow range but it's such a charged set of
particular weapons that you have and that to me is pretty neat and exciting."

The hip factor that's currently associated with Jewish cuisine humors Karpovsky,
who is originally from Boston.

"It's a little silly to me, to be honest with you," he said. "There's always a
desire by  hip people to make something that's deemed uncool the next thing.
There was a moment I guess when this thing was so forgotten and neglected that
it felt like a discovery even though we've been eating it for 5000 years."

And yet, he admitted to having never had an egg cream.

"I'm going to have my first one tonight...They told me I could have it with gin
or vodka," he said, adding that he'd probably have a vanilla egg cream with
vodka, to stick to his Russian Jewish roots.

A spiked egg cream? That sounds like the perfect meeting of 1920 and 2014.

"King of the Egg Cream" is available on iTunes.

___ (c)2014 amNewYork Visit amNewYork at www.amny.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141121-YN-Egg-cream-racket
-in-1920s-NYC-is-subject-of-new-podcast-1121-20141121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YN


                            Copyright 2014 amNewYork


                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Tennis Topia

                            1701 Rockville Pike B 10
                              Rockville,  MD 20852
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (301) 230-9195
FAX: (301) 230-9198
URL: www.tennistopia.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   At Tennis Topia, we offer a wide selection of the newest tennis gear
including apparel, rackets, shoes & accessories from all the top brands!  Need
outfits for your tennis team?  Tennis Topia is your place for team uniforms and
tennis gear. Let our knowledgeable staff help you with your next team order. We
provide a huge selection of the latest styles from many different companies. We
also offer team quantity discounts!  Need your racket restrung?  Bring your
racket to TennisTopia and we'll restring your racket while you wait! No extra
charge!!!Next time you need your racket restrung, bring it in. Our courteous
staff will be happy to help. No need to make multiple trips. Have your racket
ready for your next tennis match!  Stop by our retail store conveniently located
in the Congressional Village Shopping Center in Rockville, along the pike.
Whether you need new tennis gear, shoes or clothing to compete in a tournament
or for every day play or tennis camp, we can outfit you according to your
individual style and with the most current styles. We are a local, family owned
and operated business.  Tennis will never be the same in Maryland again!

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

FROM RACKET TO BRACKET Lance king of 2 courts

BYLINE: By KEVIN ARMSTRONG NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 937 words


Tennis matches at the Tilden Playground, a fenced-in facility secured by a
silver Master Lock and rusty chain on 49th St. in East Flatbush, take place on a
tight schedule, start times stretching from sunup to sundown in compliance with
park rules. Families with keys are few, but the Goulbournes - a neighborhood
presence for more than 20 years - serve as gatekeepers in good standing with the
game's distinct etiquette.

"Mom has to get up at 6 a.m. on Saturdays just to get in her match," says Lance
Goulbourne, the family's younger son and starting wing on Vanderbilt's men's
basketball team. "It's crazy. I used to be the only one on the block playing."

Goulbourne, a celebrated athlete who stands 6-8, 225 pounds, first held a racket
at 3 years old, first served at 5 and extended rallies from Flatbush to Flushing
Meadows before developing a 130-mph serve and earning a junior ranking. He
changed courts in high school, choosing to pursue a basketball scholarship to
Vanderbilt where he's the leading rebounder (6.9 boards per game) while the
fifth-seeded Commodores ready to face 12th-seeded Harvard in the NCAA tourney
Thursday in Albuquerque.

"Just seeing the ball come off the racket is like tracking the flight of a ball
and trying to read a rebound," Goulbourne says. "I know where it's going."

Those quicksilver reflexes unsettled coaches. At The Hun School in Princeton,
Chris Kingston, the head tennis coach and an assistant with the basketball
program, needed to re-think one drill for precautionary reasons. In order to
drive fear of being hit by the ball from his team, Kingston had one player stand
inches from the net with a counterpart smacking balls straight at them. Then
came Goulbourne.

"I would have to basically bend behind the net and just leave my racket up for
him to hit," says Kingston, who re-routed Goulbourne to the baseline as the
designated hitter. "The racket is like a ping-pong paddle in his hands."

Goulbourne shrugs.

"It wasn't really fair for others," he says. "Sometimes I would peg guys."

No matter the stage, his size stole the show. At birth, he measured out at 23
inches and weighed in at 10 pounds, five ounces. His physical traits did not
always fit with the family's plans. One morning, his parents had driven him to a
tennis tournament in suburban New Jersey, but did not realize Lance was wearing
Flip-Flops, not smooth-soled tennis shoes, in the backseat. His mother, Mary,
who emigrated from the Caribbean island of Dominica, sprinted into a sporting
goods store. "I was like a lunatic," she says. "God brought New Balance, and
that saved us."

Coordination and balance carried him far in a variety of venues. He performed
with Creative Outlet, an African dance group, in middle school and established
timing his father, Laverne Sr., maintains has stayed with him throughout the
growth process.

"I love the rhythm, the lateral movement of his game," says his father, who
immigrated from Jamaica at 14.

Goulbourne's education largely came outside Brooklyn. He attended the Little Red
Schoolhouse on Sixth Ave. in Greenwich Village, then matriculated to The Dwight
School on Central Park West. When living at the dorms at the Hun School became a
possibility, he leapt at it, landing a starting spot in basketball and the No. 1
singles position in tennis.

"He was king of Hun," his mother says.

Tennis opened profitable markets. He served as a U.S. Open ball boy at the
National Tennis Center for five years, collecting $7.75 per hour to chase down
balls and hand towels to the likes of Andy Roddick and James Blake, a Harvard
graduate and his personal favorite. At the end of the first summer, he took his
$900 paycheck and bought a stringing machine online. It eventually paid for
itself several times over as Goulbourne grew a business fixing classmates'
rackets in the hallway of the Poe Dorm.

"I made thousands of dollars," he says. "Easy."

He recognized the investment in basketball would potentially offer a greater
return financially than tennis. He favored Notre Dame and Princeton, considering
a package deal with Hun roommate Doug Davis, before deciding. During the
recruiting process, he proved difficult to reach. Vanderbilt coach Kevin
Stallings engaged in a game of phone tag before finally noticing Goulbourne in
the background of a U.S. Open match.

"How many people can say they landed the U.S. Open's tallest ball boy?"
Stallings says.

His volleys are reserved to a pair of Ping-Pong tables - one in the locker room
and the other at Stallings' house. Senior forward Aaron Noll, a high school
tennis player in Fort Mitchell, Ky., squares with Goulbourne frequently in those
matches and took to the outdoor tennis courts last spring. He testifies that
Gourlbourne's serve remains "intense."

"He hasn't lost much," Noll says.

Angles and numbers absorb Goulbourne off the courts. He studied Advanced
Placement statistics in high school and tackled economic theory in college. He's
never met a Sudoku he could not finish and sets aside time to complete jigsaw
puzzles. He explores efficiency rates calculated by the likes of basketball
analyst Ken Pomeroy.

"I'd love to discuss them with him," Goulbourne says.

His theories and strings are still attached to the New York tennis scene. His
childhood friend, Greg Streat, a St. John's senior on the tennis team, took the
stringer off his hands last semester. Streat's father, Adrian Clarke, helped
coach Goulbourne when he was young, and worked out a price with Goulbourne's
parents. He saw it as an opportunity to grow the game outside the fences.

"He'll be back on court," Streat says. "It's not something you can just throw
away."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brooklyn product Lance Goulbourne dunks promising tennis career to
switch courts to basketball, where he is now a vital cog on Vanderbilt's NCAA
Tournament team. Photo by AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 9, 1996 Tuesday

TRUTH & RUMOURS WILLIAM HOUSTON'S WORLD OF SPORT  The tennis problem

BYLINE: WILLIAM HOUSTON

SECTION: SPORTS COLUMN; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 637 words


Richard Krajicek's triumph at Wimbledon could be interpreted as a further
decline of men's tennis, mainly because of technology.

At its highest level, tennis is no longer a game for shot makers or players with
a wide range of skills. Powerful racquets with larger surfaces have reduced
tennis to a server's game. A tall man with a good serve, but little of anything
else, can dominate (Krajicek is 6-foot-5).

The evolution of the racquet started circa 1980 with the oversized Prince model.
Today, racquets not only have a large face but curious shapes (one looks like a
snowshoe). Because of materials such as graphite, they are extremely powerful.

Tennis commentator Don Fontana, a former Canadian Davis Cup member and tour
player, said John McEnroe and Jimmy Connors, two of the greatest players in
tennis, could not have dominated in today's game.

Fontana said high-velocity shots force players into impossible return attempts
and are a major reason for an increased number of injuries.

Knock on wood

What should be done to improve tennis:

At the men's ATP level, restrict the size of the racquet face and require
players to use wooden racquets. The example, of course, is major-league
baseball. Lively aluminum bats are used at just about every level of baseball
except the major leagues.

Tennis's best men's players, such as Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi, would not
suffer from a return to a conventional racquet. Talented smaller players such as
Michael Chang would benefit. A clumsy, 6-foot-4-plus, one-dimensional competitor
would lose his edge.

The development of the oversized, graphite racquet has not been all bad. It has
given women's tennis some needed speed and it has made club players better.

Returned to sender

William Clark is a former sports editor of the Orlando Sentinel and a long-time
follower of basketball. He watched Doug Christie play when he was with the New
York Knicks and thought he had enormous potential. After Christie's trade to the
Toronto Raptors, Clark sent him a note telling him "he had the makings of a
superstar," but the note did not reach Christie.

Clark, not knowing the address of the Raptors, sent the letter care of the
Raptors, care of the Postmaster, Toronto, Canada, and it was returned with the
notation, "insufficient address."

In a letter to The Globe and Mail, Clark asked: "What do you make of this? Was
Doug Christie that unknown? The Raptors unknown? Or is it just bad postal
service?"

In a postscript, he wrote, "Of course, if this reaches your desk it means your
paper is better known by the post office than Christie and the Raptors."
    Clark's letter to The Globe also was addressed in care of the Postmaster,
Toronto, Canada.

Past prime time

The opening ceremonies of the Atlanta Olympics begin July 19 at 8:30 p.m. (EDT).
The U.S. contingent is not scheduled to march into the stadium until 11:45 p.m.,
making it a late night for the athletes and U.S. viewers in the East.

Atlanta organizers are thousands of volunteers short of what they need for the
Games, and have been advertising nationally for true patriots to help out.

The next issue of Fortune magazine reports, unfavourably, on the Atlanta
organizers. The report examines two key people who "stole" the Games.

Name the goalie

When Colorado Avalanche coach Marc Crawford was asked by a U.S. reporter during
the National Hockey League playoffs how long goalie Patrick Roy had been
pronouncing his name "Roo-aw," Crawford said, "Ever since he's been a little
boo-aw."

Gloria Allred, a spokeswoman for the family of Nicole Brown Simpson, on the
mail-order sale of O. J. Simpson memorabilia: "The only thing I can see of value
is the helmet . . . for any woman who may date him in the future."
Truth and Rumours can be reached by phone (416) 585-5335; fax (416) 585-5085;
E-mail  truth@GlobeAndMail.ca

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 30, 2007 Sunday

STRING ALONG WITH VINCE

BYLINE: CHRISTINA K. COSDON, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 585 words


You probably didn't see Vince Chiarelli on TV at the U.S. Open back in August. ¦
He was there, but behind the scenes, working. Chiarelli is among a fairly small
and elite group of technicians who string rackets for the top professional
tennis players at tournaments around the world. He was one of 14 stringers at
the U.S. Open, stringing up to 30 rackets a day. ¦ The 62-year-old Brooklyn
native has been a Largo resident since 1960. He and his wife, Peggi, own and
operate String Along with Vince, a full-service tennis store with clothing,
shoes, bags, gifts, tennis rackets and balls. ¦ The heart of the business is the
custom racket service that includes stringing, regripping, repairs, bumper and
grommet replacement, cleaning and conditioning. The shop at 13824 Walsingham
Road also features a racket collection that ranges from 1890s wood to today's
graphite.

- How long have you been a racket technician?

"I started the business in 1989 at home as a pick-up and delivery service,"
Chiarelli said. He worked for 12 years on the space shuttle main engine program
at Honeywell. When the project ended, he and Peggi, who worked in data
processing for GE, decided to start a business.

- Can you make a living stringing?

"You can't make a living stringing," he said. "You have to have a retail
business. But it's so competitive with the Internet that it's almost impossible
to have a business without some other supplement. I teach tennis and travel the
world doing this." Chiarelli also writes a monthly column for Florida Tennis
magazine.

- Who are some of the pros you have strung for?

Chiarelli named Venus and Serena Williams, Tommy Haas of Germany, Max Myrni of
Belarus (who lives in Bradenton), Roger Federer of Switzerland and Rafael Nadal
of Spain.

- What types of string are on the market today?

"There's natural gut made from cattle and some sheep intestines that gives the
player the best 'feel,' " he said. "Polyester is very popular and doesn't break
as easily as nylon. Also, polyurethane, which is a very stretchy material made
to approximate the feel of natural gut. Kevlar is the strongest string but is
stiff feeling. Zyex is another synthetic."

- If you break a string do you have to restring the entire racket?

"Yes," Chiarelli said. "It's all one string unless you use two strings." Most
rackets are strung in a crisscross horizontal-vertical pattern. Top-ranked
Federeruses main-gut and cross-poly. The Williams sisters, Chiarelli said, use
gut exclusively.

"Gut has a very unusual property," said Peggi Chiarelli. "When the string is
pulled slowly it doesn't stretch much, but when it's hit quickly, it has more
give."

It doesn't last in humidity, is very expensive and is never sold as a durable
string, she said. It costs $70 to string a racket with natural gut, she said,
compared with $18 plus tax for basic nylon.

- How many pounds of pressure or tension is commonly used in securing the string
to the racket frame?

The pounds of pressure ranges from 50 to 70 pounds, depending on the racket and
the player's strength, Vince Chiarelli said. Less tension gives a better feel
but less control of the ball. A tightly strung racket gives the player less feel
of the ball but good control.

"But we have players who have strings as low as 12 pounds of pressure on a large
racket," he said.

Christina K. Cosdon can be reached at cosdon@sptimes.com or (727) 445-4154.

13824 Walsingham Road - 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Tuesday-Friday; 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday,
noon-4 p.m. Sunday - (727) 595-7068 - www.string-along.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOSEPH GARNETT JR, Times: Vince Chiarelli has a tennis shop in
Largo, String Along With Vince, that features racket stringing. He strings for
professional players, including the Williams sisters and Roger Federer, at
tennis tournaments around the world.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             May 27, 1993, Thursday

PARTICIPANTS SPOTLIGHT Always squashing the opposition After tennis burnout,
Marietta star rises to No. 1 in the U.S.

BYLINE: By Bob Giles SPORTS EDITOR

SECTION: EXTRA; Section G; Page 8

LENGTH: 238 words


Katherine Johnson doesn't mind playing squash against her peers ... when she can
find them. That becomes a problem when you're the nation's No. 1-ranked under-19
woman by the United States Squash Racquets Association (USSRA).

"In terms of junior players, I feel sort of isolated," said the Walton High
senior, who trains under Tom Rumpler at Sportslife Club Cobb in Marietta. "But
there are always a lot of other people to play. Actually, it does feel like I
have an advantage after competing against men at the club, because I have to hit
the ball at a good pace to keep up with them. Mentally, to keep up with them,
you don't think about being a girl - you just go out and play."

Johnson will leave in mid-July for Malaysia, where she'll be part of the
four-woman team competing in the Junior Women World's Championship, an event
held every two years. In 1991, she was a member of the American squad that
played in Norway. "I only reached the consolation round in the singles
competition," she recalled, "but it really helped my game a lot."

Squash, not to be confused with racquetball, is played with racquets similar to
those used in badminton. Participants may hit a golf-ball-size rubber ball
against any of four walls in an enclosed court, provided that the ball reaches
the front wall before bouncing on the floor. A player loses a point to his
opponent by missing the ball or allowing it to bounce twice.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931730758

GRAPHIC: photo: Katherine Johnson takes a break from a session with squash coach
Tom Rumpler. / JOE McTYRE / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 10, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

OFFICIALS SAY MOB IS SHIFTING CRIMES TO NEW INDUSTRIES

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1733 words


With their longtime control of extortion and bid-rigging rackets in New York
City and New Jersey weakened by years of relentless prosecutions and by
regulatory crackdowns, the region's Mafia crime families are switching
increasingly to white-collar crimes as ripe sources of plunder, law enforcement
officials say.

The new Mafia focus is primarily on multimillion-dollar frauds in three
lucrative businesses: health insurance, prepaid telephone cards and small Wall
Street brokerage houses, according to law enforcement experts on organized
crime.

The experts say that mobsters and their associates, especially younger ones,
have searched for new criminal opportunities in recent years as many of the most
powerful Mafia bosses have been sent to prison and the flow of loot from
traditional rackets has dwindled.

Those old enterprises, investigators said, included shakedowns for labor peace
in the construction industry, garbage-hauling cartels, extortions of merchants
in the city's wholesale food and produce markets, the milking of union pension
and welfare funds, payoffs for obtaining jobs and contracts at the Jacob K.
Javits Convention Center and control of the garment district's trucking
companies.

With a tinge of irony, law enforcement officials said that their successes in
eliminating long-established rackets had caused the crime families to mine new
fields for booty.

"They are analogous to companies in Chapter 11 bankruptcy," Lewis D. Schiliro, a
top Federal Bureau of Investigation official, said of the region's five largest
Mafia gangs -- the Genovese, Gambino, Lucchese, Colombo and Bonanno families.
"They are still in business but many of their old moneymaking bases have dried
up and they are moving into new industries to fill the cash void."

Most information about the Mafia's moves into white-collar areas, law
enforcement officials said, has come from informers, wiretaps and electronic
bugs. They said that despite a handful of arrests in a medical-fraud
investigation in New Jersey last year, no major mob figures had been seized so
far. But they added that white-collar investigations required long and complex
paper trails before indictments could be obtained.

"In destroying their old rackets, we have given them on-the-job training about
how we infiltrate families, turn witnesses and use electronic surveillance,"
said Mr. Schiliro, the chief of the F.B.I.'s criminal division in New York.
"They are not as overt as they once were, and we may have to change our
techniques."

Mr. Schiliro and Peter G. Verniero, the Attorney General of New Jersey, said
their agencies were giving high priority to thwarting mob attempts to turn
medical insurance into an underworld treasure trove.

Infiltration of the health care industry, Mr. Verniero said in a recent
interview, "is now our most serious organized crime problem."

The authorities in New Jersey said they uncovered what might be the prototype of
the mob's medical care strategy in August, when they arrested 12 men accused of
being members of a Genovese crew, or unit. The crew's leaders were charged with
siphoning payments from Tri-Con Associates, a New Jersey company that arranged
medical, dental and optical care for more than one million patients in group
plans throughout the country.

Investigators said that the mobsters set up Tri-Con, investing their own money
and using employees as managers, and intimidated some health plan administrators
into approving excessive payments to the company. New Jersey authorities said
Tri-Con in effect became a broker, linking networks of health-care providers,
including physicians, hospitals and dentists, with group plans for companies and
unions.

The authorities said that this area of health care service generally was not
tightly regulated and that a grand jury was trying to determine the extent of
any frauds manipulated through Tri-Con.

All Tri-Con defendants have pleaded not guilty to the fraud charges and denied
that they intimidated health-plan administrators to approve excessive fees.

A relatively new industry -- prepaid phone cards -- that grosses about $1
billion a year is another Mafia target, Federal agents said. The cards, sold at
neighborhood stores, are especially popular with immigrants as a convenient way
to call overseas from public telephones.

The companies that make and distribute the cards program their magnetic strips
with a fixed amount of credit for calling time, typically $20. They pay stores a
small commission for each card sold and reimburse long-distance carriers for
calls made with the cards, pocketing whatever money is left.

Agents say that the Gambino family set up a calling-card company that stole more
than $50 million from callers and phone companies from fraudulent sales in the
New York area and in other big cities.

An agent, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the matter was still
under investigation, said that each card supplied by the Gambinos was typically
sold for $20 in calls, but that most cards became worthless after $2 or $3 in
calls because they had not been programmed for the listed amounts.

The agent said that Gambino gangsters "ripped off millions in small amounts from
thousands of customers who bought semi-worthless cards." The telephone carriers
that handled the calls also lost money, he said, "because they made the deal
almost entirely on credit to the phony distribution company, which never passed
along the money for the calls that were actually made with the cards."

The stock market boom is also attracting the mob. Federal and city law
enforcement officials said they were investigating efforts by the Genovese,
Gambino and Colombo crime families to coordinate frauds through initial public
offerings of stock in the over-the-counter markets handled by small brokerage
firms. The officials, citing ongoing inquiries, refused to give details of the
suspected stock-tampering schemes. But a Long Island businessman who admitted
participating in recent stock swindles involving Gambino and Colombo members
agreed to discuss the deals on the condition of anonymity. The businessman, who
served a prison sentence for grand larceny, said in an interview that his life
might be endangered if he were identified.

Recounting what he said was the Mafia's most common ploy, he explained that
mobsters or their associates offer loans to brokers who are in debt or need
capital to expand their businesses. Then, the mobsters force the brokers, using
confederates as front men, to sell them most of the low-priced shares in a
company before its stock is available to investors through initial public
offerings.

The mobsters, with the brokers' help, quickly inflate the value of the shares by
trading among themselves in paper or fake transactions. The brokers are then
coerced into further inflating the prices of the new shares by recommending them
to unsuspecting investors. The gangsters then sell out with huge profits before
the overvalued stocks plunge, the businessman explained.

"It is a new wrinkle on loan sharking," he said. "The brokers are in debt to
these wise guys and the only way they can pay off and not get hurt physically or
ruined financially is by pumping up the stocks that the mob is interested in."

Daniel J. Castleman, the head of the investigation division in the Manhattan
District Attorney's office, said the Mafia's move into Wall Street and
white-collar activities created unseen dangers for the public.  "When you borrow
from loan sharks, at least you know what you're getting into," he said. "But
when you are unaware that you are dealing with mobsters, there is a tremendous
potential for substantial financial losses."

The Mafia's entry into white-collar crime has followed a recent string of
serious financial setbacks, law enforcement officials say. Investigators assert
that the Mafia was hit with probably its largest loss -- about $500 million a
year in illicit profits -- when its garbage-hauling cartels in the city and on
Long Island were dissolved in the last two years. Leaders of the Gambino,
Genovese and Lucchese families and their allies have been convicted or are
awaiting trials on accusations of reaping enormous profits through rigged bids
and inflated bills.

Another $50 million a year evaporated from the mob's treasury, organized crime
experts said, when the city, using stricter licensing powers, evicted from the
Fulton Fish Market more than 20 companies linked to the Genovese family. A
proposed licensing law aimed at removing mob figures and corrupt practices from
two other big markets, the Hunts Point produce market in the Bronx and the
Gansevoort meat market in Manhattan, is before the City Council.

At the Javits Center, the state now supervises hiring and construction contracts
controlled until the mid-1990's by carpenters' and teamsters' union officials
who have been removed on charges of corruption and ties to the Gambino and
Genovese families. In the garment district, a group of Gambino-run trucking
companies that prosecutors said had a stranglehold for decades over the delivery
of clothing have been replaced through a court order by untainted, independent
companies.

Other Mafia economic bastions, known as the windows, concrete, drywall and paint
clubs, that extorted millions of dollars a year for labor peace in the region's
construction industry were dismantled by the convictions of top mobsters and
union officials.

But the authorities concede that the Mafia's network of illegal sports
bookmaking and loansharking rings still flourish. Investigators say that
bookmaking and loansharking enterprises are hard to eradicate because they can
be easily re-established and because gambling convictions usually result in
light sentences.

In 1994, a New York City Police Department report estimated that mob gambling
operations reaped $2 billion a year in illegal profits. Salvatore Gravano, the
turncoat Gambino underboss who was arrested in 1990, testified later that he had
routinely funneled more than $1 million a year in cash to John Gotti, the
imprisoned Gambino boss, as his share from just one Gambino gambling ring.

"Gambling feeds the Cosa Nostra army for its true mission -- infiltrating
legitimate business," said Robert T. Buccino, the deputy chief of the Organized
Crime and Racketeering Division in the New Jersey Attorney General's office.


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Vincent Gigante; John Gotti, and Joesph C. Massino. (pg. B4)

Chart: "UPDATE: Hard Times for the Mob"

Despite recent forays into white-collar crime, the Mafia has seen its power in
the New York region slipping under the weight of arrests, prosecutions,
infighting and other problems, the authorities say. Citing information gleaned
from informers, surveillance and electronic eavesdropping, they cite these
recent significant developments for four of the five big Mafia "families," or
gangs:

GENOVESE -- The Genovese family remains the nation's largest and most
influential Mafia faction, but it faces organizational difficulties because its
reputed boss, Vincent Gigante, known as Chin, and his entire hierarchy will soon
be tried on Federal racketeering and murder charges. Last year, a judge found
that Mr. Gigante, who for years has behaved erratically in public, had been
feigning mental illness to block his trial. "Chin is still the No. 1 boss in
America," said Lewis D. Schiliro, criminal investigations chief of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation in New York.

GAMBINO -- Two recent racketeering indictments of Nicholas Corozzo, who
prosecutors say is a Gambino captain, have blocked his efforts to succeed John
Gotti as Gambino boss, the authorities say. Mr. Corozzo's arrest, they say, may
have revived the prospects of Mr. Gotti's son, John Gotti Jr., a reputed Gambino
captain, to replace his father, who is serving a sentence of life without
parole. Mr. Corozzo was designated last fall by other Mafia leaders to assume
control of the family. But since he has been denied bail and is facing long
prison sentences if convicted in New York and in Florida, he is unable to run
the troubled family, agents said.

BONANNO and LUCCHESE -- In December, the New Jersey wings of the Bonanno and
Lucchese families merged their gambling activities with the Bruno-Scarfo family,
which operates in Philadelphia and New Jersey. Robert T. Buccino, the deputy
chief of the Organized Crime and Racketeering Division in the New Jersey
Attorney General's office, said that the three groups consolidated because their
ranks in New Jersey had been cut by arrests and internal wars. The Bonanno
family, the only Mafia group whose leaders are neither in prison nor under
indictment, has emerged as the most stable mob group in the New York region. The
authorities say that Joseph C. Massino revived the family's fortunes after
becoming the Bonanno boss in 1992. (pg. B4)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            October 21, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Give a Little Give a Lot

BYLINE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITZ & REGION; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 629  words


School helping tsunami victims

Charity - Bonds formed between Calgary youngsters and a Thai community hit hard
by the Boxing Day tsunami are continuing into the new school year.

A meeting is set for Oct. 25 at Fred Seymour Elementary, 809 Willingdon Blvd.
S.E., to discuss future plans to support schools and families in the Thai
village of Ban Triem. Last year, Fred Seymour students and staff spearheaded a
fundraising drive for tsunami relief that collected $62,000 in six months and
eventually involved 32 CBE schools. School staff travelled to Thailand in August
and witnessed the students' hard work translate into new fishing boats for a
number of families, scholarships and lunchroom tables and chairs for damaged
schools.

Making sure kids have winterwear

Jacket Drive - The Calgary Association of Parent and School Council presents
Jacket Racket 2005. Jacket Racket is a project where a variety of city
businesses are contributing their support to ensure that the children of

Calgary will have clean, warm ski jackets, mittens and hats this winter. The
drive will run from Oct. 14 to Nov. 21. For more information contact Jacket
Racket at 251-9740.

Students raise hurricane relief

Funds Raised - Students and staff at Bishop Grandin High School organized From
Our Hearts to Your Hands, a four-day fundraising campaign for students affected
by hurricane Katrina. Students were given a yellow glove and then competed to
see who could stuff the most money into their glove. The school raised $1,300,
which was sent to the St. Vincent de Paul Society in Houston with the request
that it be used to support displaced New Orleans teenagers.

Athletes get

Paralympic boost

Donation - Young, disabled athletes received a $500,000 boost Oct. 13 for their
2010 Paralympic ambitions from the Lesley Binnion Foundation. Alpine Canada
Alpin, the Canadian Association for Disabled Skiing and Rupert's Crossing Inc.
announced their support at the annual fundraiser for the Lesley Binnion
Foundation for Disabled Skiing, created to provide access to ski programs from
the CADS learn-to-ski program to Alpine Canada NorAm races.

Supplies sought for Pakistan

Donation - Pakistan earthquake relief donations are needed, the UN says an
estimated two million people require re-housing and a million are in urgent need
of help. We need your donation of blankets and tents. Please bring your
donations to the Pakistan Canada Association Cultural Centre, Bay #507 and #509,
4656 Westwinds Dr. N.E., on Sunday between noon and 5 p.m.

Hair stylists cutting for a cure

Raising Funds - On Oct. 22 and 23, stylists from Angles salon will be on hand at
the Calgary Woman's Show to cut for a cure. For a $20 donation, Angles hair
stylists will offer their expertise in the latest hair trends. Monies raised
will go toward cancer research in honour of the 25th anniversary of the Terry
Fox run.

Wild Rose makes cancer donation

Raising Funds - The Calgary Wild Rose chapter of the Canadian Progress Club
recently presented the Calgary Health Trust with $5,000 on Oct. 12 to go toward
advancing women's health through the breast health program. Since October is
Breast Cancer Awareness Month, this gift will help complement the work already
helping hundreds of women in Calgary. For more information call Myra Skerrett at
410-6990.

Cut-a-thon will be cancer fundraiser

Raising Funds - Adam and Eve Hair Design, 133, 8220 Centre St. N., is holding a
cut-a-thon on Oct. 23 in support of breast cancer awareness. All funds received
will be donated to the Breast Cancer Society of Canada. For more information,
call Itty at 275-6566.

Are you raising cash for a local charity? Shaving your lid for kids?

We want to hear from you, whether you are giving a little or a lot.

Drop us a line at actsofkindness@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Yoko Ono & Plastic Ono Band

BYLINE: ANDY GILL

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 385 words


There's a certain aptness in Yoko Ono's notorious Bottoms film being screened as
the audience takes its seats before her show - although, as giant buttocks
writhe and pout in glorious monochrome, it's hard not to find one's own cheeks
wriggling in sympathy. The performance, which heralds her season as curator of
the Southbank's Meltdown Festival, opens with a 14-minute film of Ono's life,
the most striking image of which is the shot of John Lennon's bloodstained specs
against a Manhattan skyline, a brutally poignant signifier of death.

Not that she remains fixated upon this terrible event. "We're gonna cover this
world with love," she announces. "We're gonna make this world peaceful!" -
albeit right before her Plastic Ono Band launches into the heaviest of the
evening's riffs, a crunching ride through "Waiting For the D Train" which, like
many of tonight's grooves, recalls the surging psych-rock of Primal Scream. It's
a heck of a racket for a gal in her eighties, but she's had plenty of practice
in the racket racket, and her son Sean has assembled a crack seven-piece band to
help realise her songs, including genius soundscapers Yuka Honda of Cibo Matto
and Keigo Oyamada, aka Cornelius.

They're an aggregation with a taste for stylish headgear and high-end footwear,
exemplified by Yoko herself stomping around the stage in a fetching outfit
incorporating top hat, sunglasses, black waistcoat and rubbery boots - although
the whole band is trumped in this regard when Peaches joins them, perched atop
giant studded high-heel clogs, to wail along on "Yes, I'm a Witch" and the
encore of "Don't Worry Kyoko".

Yoko is the star, but the music offers her the sky to shine in, whether it's the
mutant disco of "Walking on Thin Ice", the industrial funk and snarling guitar
of "Cheshire Cat Cry", or the birdsong and swaying synth swelling and subsiding
behind her ululations on "Moonbeams".

Sean Lennon proves both a decisive bandleader and a splendid funk bassist,
besides being a droll MC, though the most off-handedly amusing moment of a
highly enjoyable evening has to be when Yoko advises us, "You know this song" -
I think it may have been "Moving Mountains" - before launching into a ferocious
bout of abstract keening. But of course we know it, Yoko - nothing else in the
world sounds quite like it!

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2013 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            October 30, 2009 Friday

U.S. District Court, Western District of New York Case Summaries: October 30,
2009

BYLINE: The Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 726  words


Products Liability


Third-Party Liability - Voluntarily Assumed Duty

Schessl v. Franklin Sporting Industries

07-CV-6234

Judge Telesca

Background: Plaintiff Dawn Schessl, on behalf of her son Tyler, brings a
personal injury action against defendant Franklin Sports Inc. claiming her son
was injured by a defective badminton racquet manufactured by Franklin. She
claims that while her son and other children were playing with the racquet
during a party at the home of third-party defendants Frank and Judi Coms in
Perinton, the head of the racquet dislodged from the shaft and struck Schessl in
the forehead, causing him severe and permanent injury. The plaintiff brings
causes of action for negligence, breach of warranty and strict liability.

Defendant Franklin brings a third-party action against several individuals
present at the party at the time Schessl was injured, claiming those individuals
are liable. Third-party defendant Jeff Banky moves for summary judgment against
Franklin on the grounds that as a matter of law, he may not be held liable for
Schessl's injuries. Specifically, Banky contends he did not have any involvement
with the children playing with the racquet, and owed no duty of care to Schessl
or any of the other children at the party. He claims that because he did not
supervise or observe the game, and owed no duty to any of the children playing,
he cannot be liable for Schessl's injuries. Franklin contends Banky assumed a
duty to Schessl when, prior to the accident, he handed the broken head of the
racquet to one of the children and advised them to "try to be more careful. "

Ruling: A question of fact exists as to whether Banky handed the broken racquet
head back to one of the children playing baseball with the racquet. If Banky
assumed a duty to Schessl, questions of fact also exist concerning whether
Schessl relied on Banky's actions, and whether Schessl was placed in a more
vulnerable position than he would have been had Banky not acted. It is well
settled that when one party voluntarily assumes a duty to another party, the
party assuming the duty may be held to a standard of acting with due care in
discharging the duty, therefore Banky's motion for summary judgment is denied.

Andres F. Alonso of Parker, Waichman, Alonso LLP for the plaintiffs, and Harry
F. Mooney of Hurwitz & Fine PC and Neil A. Goldberg of Goldberg Segalla LLP for
the defendant

Trademark

Infringement

Williams Advanced Materials Inc. v. Target Technology Co. LLC

03-CV-276

Judge McCarthy

Background: Plaintiff Williams Advanced Materials Inc. brought an action in
April 2003 seeking, among other forms of relief, a declaration of
non-infringement and invalidity of certain patents directed to the use of a
variety of metal alloys for the semi-reflective or reflective layers of optical
storage media such as DVDs. The alleged inventor of those patents, Han Nee, is
Target's founder and president. Target counterclaimed for infringement. Before
the magistrate judge was the plaintiff's and various third-party defendants'
motion to dismiss the patent infringement claims and the defendant's and Target
Technology Co. LLC's counterclaims on lack of standing and litigation
misconduct. Third-party defendant Cinram International joined in that motion.

Ruling: There are no genuine factual issues as to Target's ownership of the
patents as of June 8, when the infringement claims were asserted. It is
recommended that the motions to dismiss be denied to the extent they seek
dismissal based on Target's lack of standing to sue for patent infringement, and
deferred until trial to the extent they seek dismissal as a sanction for
Target's alleged litigation misconduct. Deferral of the issue until trial is
appropriate because, as the Williams parties note, the misconduct at issue must
be central to the claim in dispute in order to warrant dismissal. Since it has
not yet been determined whether the DADC patent agreement is applicable to any
issue in the action, it cannot yet be said whether Nee's misrepresentations, if
any, concerning when he developed the concepts giving rise to the patents at
issue, are central to the claim in dispute so as to warrant dismissal.

Calvin P. Griffith of Jones Day and Christopher E. Blank of Hiscock & Barclay
LLP for the plaintiff, and Cheryl Smith Fisher of Magavern, Magavern & Grimm for
defendant Target Technology

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 8, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

OHIO

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14C



Winners at the Towpath Racquet Club junior singles tennis tournament at Akron:

Boys - 18-under: Chuck Saylor, Hudson. 16: Brian Unk, Akron. 14: Jimmy
McCracken, Canton. 12: Gavin Sontag, Aurora. 10: Blake Ginther, Akron. Girls -
18: Melinda Jesson, Stow. 16: Gina Castro, Akron. 14: Karen Nash, Cuyahoga
Falls. 12: Lindsay Rankin, Canton. 10: Claudia Castro, Akron.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             July 22, 2010 Thursday

Tennis lesson: Local volunteer helps 'Make a Racket for Kids'

BYLINE: Gina Barker Deseret News

LENGTH: 365 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? For most kids, summer is defined by hot, lazy days playing by
pools, catching up on reading or vegging out to bad television. For the kids at
The Road Home, the Salt Lake City homeless shelter, summer isn't so fun.

This summer, one local man decided to change that. David Jones started the "Make
a Racket for Kids" program at The Road Home. Once a week for eight weeks he
practiced with kids at the shelter, teaching them the basics on the courts in
Pioneer Park. "Coming into this population where they've obviously had zero
exposure to the game of tennis, it's a lot different," Jones said. "It's
eye-opening at first." The program got off to a rocky start, as gaining the
trust of the kids at the Road Home took time. But by the end of the eight-week
program, Jones had a group of 10 or more dedicated players showing up for
practice each week. One of his steady students, 10-year-old Kiara Fortner, was
there for their last practice this Thursday. "Most people, before I know them, I
don't like them," Fortner said. "It's just an instinct." Now Fortner has come to
love picking up the racket and learning from Jones. In fact, playing tennis has
become one of her favorite things to do this summer. Fortner, like all the other
kids who have spent the past eight weeks with Jones and his program, received a
brand new racket, T-shirt and gift card for a pair of tennis shoes. But she said
Jones made the biggest impact. "He's a good teacher," she said. "He helps us. He
explains stuff." On Thursday, kids pulled the crisp white shirts over their
heads and grabbed a slice of pizza as practice came to an end.  "We love it
because the kids get outside and bond with their peers," said Michelle
Tschetter, services supervisor for The Road Home. "We're really excited about
this program." Tschetter said the shelter had never worked with the Utah Tennis
Association and was glad to have another partner. She said seeing the kids happy
and learning something new was her favorite part of the job. "They just get to
be kids," she said. "They do have very different backgrounds," Jones added, "but
at heart they're still kids. They want to have fun." e-mail: gbarker@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 12, 2005 Monday

Woodlake Racquet Club in OKC still waiting for buyer

BYLINE: Brandice J. Armstrong

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338  words


It's been nearly six weeks since General Partner Mike Dunn closed the doors to
Woodlake Racquet Club. The tennis club with 24 courts inside and outside at 6901
NW 63rd St. sits vacant.

Dunn, who is asking $1.45 million, has talked with several people about the
property, but nothing is decided.

If something isn't done soon, Dunn said he'd sell the buildings for warehouse
space, have the property rezoned for residential space and sell it.

"(Somebody) may take it and redevelop it into some other use," Dunn said. "I
don't think it will be for tennis or any other sports activity."

In March 2004, the two indoor tennis clubs measuring more than 78,000 square
feet on eight acres were assessed at $1.8 million, according to the Oklahoma
County assessor's Web site.

Dunn blames the decline in membership on the 1980s oil bust.

In the mid-1980s, Dunn said he recalled as many as 1,150 memberships. When he
closed the club Oct. 1, he said membership was only 200. Throughout the years,
members left due to injuries or to take up a less intense activity, such as
golf.

"The last time I made money was November 1986," he said.

Just before Dunn threw in the towel, he said he was charging a mere $72 for a
family's monthly membership. Santa Fe Fitness and Racquet Club at 6300 N. Santa
Fe Ave. charges $115 per month for a family membership with a year's contract.

"Belonging to a tennis club in Kansas City, Texas or California is three to four
to five times as expensive as playing tennis and belonging to a club in Oklahoma
City," Dunn said. "Monthly dues in Kansas City are about $280 per family."

Upkeep of the courts and utilities must also be factored in to the costs.
Utilities ranged from 15 to 25 percent of revenues based on the membership.

"I've had electricity bills as high as $19,000 a month," Dunn said.

Woodlake members were told about the closing only a week before it happened.

Dunn gave a list of Woodlake's membership to Santa Fe Club.

"We miss the people, it's lonely to go there," Dunn said.

Dunn owned the club since January 1982.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

1958: Air Force jet crashes, kills four

SECTION: Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 325 words


This historical perspective, compiled from pastStar-News articles archived at
the University of North Carolina Wilmington's Randall Library, takes readers
back to the Cape Fear region of years past.

1933: Al Capone was being transported from the Atlanta penitentiary to Chicago
under heavy guard to be put on trial for racket conspiracy. Capone is serving 10
years in Atlanta for income tax fraud. The racket conspiracy charge is related
to "restraining trade by intimidating legitimate business."

Aug. 16, 1933: It was the custom of the Star editorial page to list actions it
supported in the community: Free bridge across the Cape Fear River; development
of the southern end of New Hanover County as a resort; regular sailing of
merchant ships between Wilmington and foreign ports; state-owned port similar to
the one in Mobile, Ala.; consolidation of city and county governments; free
causeway to Wrightsville Beach.

Aug. 19, 1933: More than 3,000 members of the American Legion were converging on
the area for the state convention. The Harbor Island Casino touted: Legionnaire
night. Two bands, No waits - no stops - no intermissions - constant music -
plenty of pep - plenty of jazz - admission, men 65 cents, women 30 cents.
Includes return fare over causeway.

Aug. 19, 1958: A T33 Air Force training jet crashed at the Myrtle Beach, S.C.,
State Park, killing four people. All four victims were on the ground. The jet's
two pilots survived. The jet apparently had lost an engine and was trying to
land at the Myrtle Beach Air Force Base.

Aug. 20, 1983: Former Sheriff Herman Strong was seeking to have his 14-year
prison sentence reduced. Strong was convicted of charges relating to drug
smuggling in Brunswick County. Strong's lawyer, John Hughes, requested that his
client's sentence be cut because he was suffering from bad health and severe
mental and emotional trauma, and his wife was unable to find a job and was about
to go on public assistance.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                              May 16, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

MAKING QUITE A RACKET;
Brian Battistone is known for his unusual serve and racket

BYLINE: By MIC HUBER mic.huber@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 723 words

DATELINE: BRADENTON


Brian Battistone may be one of the more unusual tennis players on the planet,
yet even the sport's rebel admits that when he was introduced to the strange
looking two-handled racket he wasn't sure what to think.

"I thought it was kind of strange concept," admitted the player whose really
strange serve is as unusual as the racket he uses to hit the tennis ball. "I
wasn't sure if I could use it but it eventually made a lot of sense to me."

Now Brian Battistone, and his brother, Dann, are hoping to make more than a few
cents off a racket that isn't your everyday garden variety.

The racket currently making a lot of noise around the lower levels of the tennis
circuit is a two-handled contraption known as "The Natural." It sort of
resembles a pair of garden shears, with two handles spreading out from the
bottom of the throat of the racket. The idea is that it provides more power and
allows players to be better balanced when hitting a tennis ball.

Though touted as a natural power-grip racket, it has yet to grab a hold in the
tennis world but the Battistone brothers believe there is a future for the
stick. So much so that they have become partners with the man who invented the
bizarre-looking racket, and are exploring ways to market it now that it has been
sanctioned as legal.

The top marketing strategy would be to produce results on the court and the
Battistone boys are doing their best on that end by winning matches. This past
week the brothers got to the semifinals of the Challenger tournament in Tunica,
Miss. That means more ranking points, a little money and some recognition.

This week they won their first round in the $50,000 Hurricane Tennis Open, but
lost Thursday to Carsten Bell and Lester Cook, a team they beat a week ago. The
loss is but a small bump on a long journey on the back roads of professional
tennis and the Battistone brothers don't discourage easily.

It's easy to find the Battistone doubles team during the tournament. There
always seems to be a crowd at their matches, and it's not only because of the
strange looking racket.

One glance at Brian Battistone hitting his serve almost always grabs the
attention of spectators. He is hard to miss when he leaps into the air like a
volleyball player to hit a serve that has a lot of punch.

The motion of the serve is almost mesmerizing. Holding the racket in his left
hand, Battistone tosses the ball in the air with his right hand. He then leaps
after it as if he is executing a volleyball jump serve. While in mid-flight, he
switches the racket to his right hand and pounds the serve at a steep angle.

"The first couple serves you find yourself watching him," said Vamsee Chippidi,
who along with Pedro Davisson experienced the serve firsthand in a first-round
doubles matchup. "After a while you learn to just watch the ball and ignore all
the other stuff. Still, it's coming at you at about 130 mph."

The Battistone brothers, who each spent a couple of years away from tennis while
doing Morman missionary work in Rio de Janeiro, have currently reached a
career-high doubles ranking. Dann, the left-hander, who played and coached at
BYU, is ranked No. 374. Brian, the right-hander, and taller of the two, is at
No. 375. They moved up 67 spots this past week and with each win they hear fewer
jokes from skeptics.

Now their mission is to build on that success and take their act to a bigger
stage.

Though the rackets are relatively new, Brian Battistone is an old hand at
non-conformity on the tennis court. He was hitting that attention-grabbing jump
serve back several years ago when he attended, then taught, at the Nick
Bollettieri Tennis Academy at IMG Academies. He insists there was a method to
his madness.

"I grew up playing basketball and jumping a lot," said Brian, who spent many
years in California. "With the traditional serve I just couldn't get the
elevation I wanted so I incorporated the volleyball motion."

Brian Battistone was introduced to the two-handled racket just over two years
ago when he was playing at some local courts in Hermosa Beach. Adam Burt taught
at the courts. Burt's father, Lionel Burt, had developed the racket. Watching
Battistone switch the racket from hand-to-hand, Adam Burt suggested that
Battistone check out the two-handled racket.

Six months later the Battistone brothers decided to go into business with the
Burts.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2
 STAFF PHOTO / DAN WAGNER Brian Battistone demonstrates his jump serve using
"The Natural" double-handled tennis racket. Battistone and his brother Dann have
become partners with the man who invented the bizarre-looking racket, and are
exploring ways to market it. STAFF PHOTO / DAN WAGNER The double-handled tennis
racket dubbed "The Natural" resembles a pair of garden shears. The idea is that
it provides more power and allows players to be better balanced when hitting a
tennis ball.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 15, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

2 MINUTE DRILL

BYLINE: The Tampa Tribune, A Tribune staff, wire report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 823 words


Davenport Tops Jankovic In Quarters

NUSA DUA, Indonesia - Lindsay Davenport continued her comeback Friday, making it
to the semifinals of the Bali Open by defeating top-seeded Jelena Jankovic 6-4,
2-6, 6-2.

"I would never expect to have played anything near how this week has gone, and
it's fun to be out there," said Davenport, who is returning to singles play for
the first time since giving birth in June. Davenport faces Sara Errani, who
upset Aiko Nakamura 6-1, 6-2. Davenport (forearm strain) withdrew from doubles.

Davenport was helped by Jankovic losing her composure in arguments with the
umpire. Jankovic smashed her racket to the ground at 2-4 in the final set after
the umpire made several calls against her. She presented the cracked racket to a
fan and went through the motions of playing, surrendering the next five points
and the match. Emphasizing her disgust, she gave Davenport an ace after a fault
had been called, giving Davenport match point.

COLLEGES

Proposal Protects Financial Aid

INDIANAPOLIS - Schools would be barred from cutting financial aid to athletes
for any injury or medical condition, including pregnancy and eating disorders,
under a proposal approved by an NCAA Division I panel.

The measure, passed this week by the division's cabinet on academics,
eligibility and compliance, will go to the Division I Management Council as an
amendment to the NCAA bylaws later this fall. It would prohibit a reduction or
cancellation of athletic scholarships even if the injury or condition prevents
the athlete from participating with the team.

CROSS COUNTRY: Laura Woznicki won the 5k race and Tampa's women won the UT Early
Bird Classic. UT placed third in the men's race.

GOLF: The 13th-ranked Florida women debuted with a 3-under-par 285 in the
opening round of the Mason Rudolph Women's Championship. The score equals UF's
third-lowest round ever. UF was fifth, five behind leader Arizona State.

SOCCER: Goals by Devin Shaw and Zach Barber helped the Tampa men beat Palm Beach
Atlantic 2-1. ... Autumn Browning scored twice and Lindsay Brauer added a goal
as the University of South Florida women beat Miami 3-2. ... Illinois beat the
ninth-ranked Florida women 1-0.

VOLLEYBALL: The University of South Florida won its seventh in a row, beating
Texas A&M-Corpus Christi 3-1 in the Best Western Invitational. Kristina Fabris
had 15 kills and 13 digs for host USF. ... Angie McGinnis posted her fourth
career triple-double as sixth-ranked Florida beat Georgia 3-1. McGinnis had 46
assists, 11 kills and 15 digs. She is the only player in UF history with a
triple-double. ... Mira Djuric's 13 kills, five service aces and 18 points led
Florida State past Miami 3-0. ... Saint Leo swept C.W. Post and Bentley College
in the Bryant University Tournament in Smithfield, R.I.

PRO WRESTLING

Benoit's Journal Reveals Grief

ATLANTA - Journal entries written by wrestler Chris Benoit show he was wracked
with grief and preoccupied with death after his best friend died in 2005,
according to a lawyer representing Benoit's father. Benoit, who killed his wife
and 7-year-old son and committed suicide in June, wrote the diary as a series of
letters to the friend, fellow wrestler Eddie Guerrero, according to lawyer Cary
Ichter, who represents the wrestler's father in estate litigation.

Benoit's father, Michael Benoit, referred to the diary earlier this month,
saying it was "written by someone who was extremely disturbed at the time." The
father has said murder-suicide was out of character for his son and supported
medical tests that recently showed Chris Benoit suffered brain damage that could
have caused depression and irrational behavior.

ELSEWHERE

Comedian Buys Vick Notes For $10,200

RICHMOND, Va. - Notes that suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick
left behind after apologizing for his role in a dogfighting operation drew a top
final bid of $10,200 in an online auction, the Humane Society of the United
States said. The top eBay bidder was comedian and TV writer Carol Leifer. Wayne
Pacelle, president and CEO of The Humane Society, said the group will put "every
cent of this $10,200 towards anti-dogfighting efforts."

CYCLING: Arbitrators in the Floyd Landis doping hearing met for the final time
this week and declared the hearing officially closed, meaning a decision on the
2006 Tour de France winner's fate must come in by Sept. 22.

NBA: Pacers forward Shawne Williams intends to plead guilty to charges of
driving without a license. Defense attorney John Tompkins said Williams plans to
enter a plea agreement on the misdemeanor charge by Oct. 1.

RUNNING: Meseret Defar set a world record in the women's 2-mile at the Van Damme
Memorial meet in Brussels, Belgium, smashing her mark by almost 12 seconds. The
Ethiopian finished in 8 minutes, 58.58 seconds.

A Tribune staff, wire report

Photo: Lindsay Davenport

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            December 10, 2007 Monday
                                 Early Edition

Fun under the microscope; Juan de Fuca, Racquet Club put on a show in front of
scouts

BYLINE: Cleve Dheensaw, Times Colonist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 683  words


Danny LaPointe handed the trophy, named after his late father and former NHLer
Rick LaPointe, to the victorious Juan de Fuca Grizzlies triple-A bantam team
yesterday at the UVic Ian Stewart Complex.

It wasn't too long ago that Danny was skating with the same trophy proudly held
above his head -- his launching pad to the major-junior Western Hockey League,
Canadian university CIS and now pro in the Central Hockey League.

Triple-A bantam rep is the narrow stem of the youth hockey funnel. Some will go
no further than this. For others, the field has been shaken down to those 13-
and 14-year-olds good enough to eventually play major-junior, junior A, U.S.
collegiate NCAA and perhaps one day pro hockey. But only a select few will get
to the latter. And of those, only a minute number will make it to the NHL with
the rest scattered through the alphabet soup of the AHL, ECHL, CHL, IHL or
Europe.

But that's for the grown-ups to worry about. And they do -- there were nine WHL
teams represented at the Rick LaPointe tournament over the weekend and several
BCHL teams. But the kids just want to have fun, as evidenced by the jubilant
Juan de Fuca players as they proudly held the LaPointe Trophy after a 5-2
victory over the host Racquet Club of Victoria Kings in the all-Island final of
a tourney that also included Cowichan Valley, Hollyburn, North Vancouver,
Langley, Kamloops and South Delta.

"They're still just kids, for sure," said Juan de Fuca parent and head coach Ken
Carson, amid the high fives and happy clamour of the winning dressing room.

With Racquet Club hosting the 2008 B.C. triple-A bantam championship at Bear
Mountain Arena, expect a huge WHL and BCHL scouting presence in the spring. But
if Danny LaPointe could tell these kids anything, it is to keep it fun and play
for all the right reasons.

When he was a bantam triple-A star drafted into the WHL, like anyone in that
situation, Danny dreamed of the big time and probably not the Oklahoma City
Blazers to which he is headed after recently signing a pro contract with the CHL
team.

"I would tell these bantam triple-A players to keep a level head," said
LaPointe, a thoughtful 23-year-old, who skated in the Victoria Salmon Kings ECHL
training camp in the fall.

"You can only do what you can do and only control what you can control. Just
work hard every day in practice and let the rest take care of itself."

From Danny LaPointe's bantam triple-A Racquet Club team, which won this
tournament in 1999, emerged the usual array: Former Seattle Thunderbirds WHL and
Salmon Kings ECHL goaltender Bryan Bridges is now with Colorado of the CHL, Reed
Kipp went to the BCHL and NCAA and Nathan Brice to the WHL. The pearl of that
team turned out to be defenceman Ryan O'Byrne, who got the call-up from the AHL
to make his Montreal Canadiens debut last week. Many of those players, however,
are now out of hockey and were surpassed by players who weren't even being
scouted.

"Some of the kids this age have not had their growth spurts yet and the late
bloomers are the tricky part of the hockey equation," admitted Peninsula
Panthers Junior B head coach Gord Bridges, who scouted yesterday's LaPointe
tournament final for the Lethbridge Hurricanes of the WHL.

"You have a pretty good idea by bantam triple-A which kids are going to advance
in the hockey system. But just the same, some of these kids are going to get
overshadowed by kids nobody is looking at or interested in at the moment. Just
look at the many players from our own area who were never drafted by the WHL.
Look at Adam Cracknell."

Cracknell was with the Junior B Saanich Braves when Bridges recommended him to
the WHL and is now in the Calgary system and has gone from a strong showing with
the Flames' ECHL-affiliate Las Vegas Wranglers to AHL-affiliate Quad City.
Another classic Island late bloomer overlooked in the WHL draft is Kyle
Greentree, currently in the Philadelphia Flyers minor-pro system and headed up
with a bullet.

"It's not the end of the world if you're not taken in the WHL draft. There are
so many variables at play that anything can happen. Never give up,"

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Bruce Stotesbury, Times Colonist; Juan de Fuca goalie Jesse
Sidaway makes a pad save on a penalty shot by Racquet Club of Victoria's Kyle
Richter during action from the gold-medal game at the Rick LaPointe Memorial
bantam tournament yesterday at the Ian Stewart Complex. The Grizzlies went on to
win 5-2. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 21, 2010 Sunday

People

SECTION: B2B; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 625 words


Coldwell Banker Heritage Realtors, Springboro

Charles Campbell, licensed Realtor in the Springboro office, recently earned the
Short Sales and Foreclosure Resource certification by the National Association
of Realtors.

Jeff Calton has joined the Springboro office as a full-time sales associate.
Calton, a resident of Springboro, is a member of the Dayton Area Board of
Realtors, the Ohio Association of Realtors and the National Association of
Realtors.

Dayton Racquet Club, Kettering Tower

Dayton Racquet Club General Manager Kevin Round recently announced that Chuck
Vella has been appointed chairman of the Club Board of Advisors. Vella, senior
vice president and Dayton office manager of Edward Howard & Co. public relations
and communications, serves on the boards of City folk, the Foodbank, and Planned
Parenthood Southwest Ohio Foundation.

Howell Buildings Co., Springfield

Terry Howell, Andy Howell and Chris Frost attended the Energy Panel Structures
national dealer meeting recently held in Las Vegas, Nev. The three-day meeting
included training on Energy Star standards, building energy-efficient homes and
other new building technologies. The meeting also included a day at the
International Builders Show to view the latest in building products and
services.

Allstate Insurance Co.

The company recently announced the local agency owners who have been designated
as Premier Service Agencies for 2009. Named were Greg Schindler, Greg Schindler
Agency, 3884 Dayton-Xenia Road, Beavercreek; Dave Maute, Dave Maute Agency, 1255
N. Fairfield Road, Suite 101, Beaver-creek; Steve Fenstemaker, Steve Fenstemaker
Agency, 1031 S. Main St., Centerville; Jeff Lowe, Jeff Lowe Agency, 5627 Old
Troy Pike, Huber Heights; Elizabeth Fugate, Elizabeth Fugate Agency, 119 N. Main
St., Union; and Greg Schindler, Greg Schindler Agency, 308 James E. Bohanan
Drive, Vandalia. The Premier Service Agency designation is awarded to Allstate
agency owners who have consistently met designated levels in customer service
and business performance.

Miami Industrial Trucks Inc., Dayton

Doug Hoffman has joined the company as an Account Manager for Shelby, Logan, and
Champaign counties. He previously worked for Nalco Co. for eight years as a
Regional Sales Manager.

Modern Woodmen of America, Rock Island, Ill.

Richard R. Anderson, Centerville, a Modern Woodmen of America representative,
recently completed a five-day educational program at MWA's home office in Rock
Island, Ill. The program focused on helping families with Modern Woodmen life
insurance plans, annuities and fraternal member benefits.

Miami Valley Network Professionals

MVNP has announced its new officers for 2010. Don Schweitzer, from Day Air
Credit Union is the new President; Melissa Cutcher, from the Better Business
Bureau, Vice President; Tamara Epstein, from Envoy Mortgage, Secretary; Mark
Black, from Vantage Point Financial, Treasurer; Lance Bradstreet, from
Bradstreet & Co. CPAs, Membership Chair; Dan Bir, from Randd Associates Printing
and Promotions, Publicity Chair; Larry Reinhard, from Sanderson Insurance,
Program Chair; Brian Sommers, attorney, Sergeant at Arms; Karen Mowery, from
Coldwell Banker, Social Chair; Micah Windsor, from Dayton Dental Collaborative,
Hospitality Chair.

Phelan Insurance Agency, Versailles, West Chester

The agency recently announced that Brent Phalen has attained the Certified Risk
Manager designation. To earn the certification, participants must pass a series
of exams covering identifying, analyzing, controlling, and administering
potential risks.

B2B People and B2B Awards include new hires and promotions and recognition of
business people in the Dayton region. Items should be e-mailed at least a week
in advance of publication date to DaytonB2B@coxohio.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles Campbell
Jeff Calton
Chuck Vella
Terry Howell Andy Howell
Chris Frost
Doug Hoffman
Richard R. Anderson
Brent Phalen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Prince Sports, LLC (New York) on November 18, titled as
"Sports racquet with string port holes"

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,889,056, on
November 18, 2014, to Prince Sports, LLC (New York), titled as "Sports racquet
with string port holes"

Inventors:  Gazzara; Roberto (Mestre, IT), Pinaffo; Mauro (Camposampiero, IT),
Pozzobon; Michele (Fossalunga di Vedelago, IT), Pezzato; Mauro (Treviso, IT)
Assignee:  Prince Sports, LLC. (New York, NY)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
sports racquet having a plurality of string port holes and conventional string
holes is formed of a single tube of prepreg material. When molded, mold elements
press opposed portions of the prepreg tube into contact with one another, and
shape the adjoining prepreg material into a string port hole blanks. The portion
of the pressed-together material which initially blocks the string port hole is
removed after molding so that the string port holes extend through the frame.
Alternatively, the mold elements cause the prepreg tube to follow a serpentine
shape, thereby defining string port holes which are open alternately along the
top and bottom surface of the frame. A pair of cover rings may be secured to the
top and bottom racquet surfaces to cover the open sides of the string port
holes."

The patent was filed on April 20, 2011 Application no. 13/090,512

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 MX (Australia)

                            October 10, 2006 Tuesday
                               Melbourne Edition

Nice one

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 90  words


Andre Agassi nearly lost a grip on two special racquets at a benefit auction
before his wife, Steffi Graf, bought them for $485,000. In the auction before
Agassi's 11th Grand Slam for Children on Saturday at the MGM Grand Garden Arena,
in Las Vegas, the retired tennis star was almost ready to donate the racquet
with which he won his first professional match and the one he used in his final
US Open. Bidding topped $430,000 before Graf intervened. ''Those racquets are
supposed to stay with us,'' she said, after making the final, top bid.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEL


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 4, 1990, Friday, City Edition

Clearwater men's tennis team wins over-50 title

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff Reports

SECTION: CITY TIMES; SPORTS IN BRIEF; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



A men's 3.5 tennis team from Royal Racquet Club in Clearwater won the Florida
Tennis Association Over-50 State Championship at Hunter's Green in Tampa last
weekend.

    Seminole Lake Racquet Club was second.

     Eleven teams competed. Teams were divided into three flights.  The top two
teams in each flight advanced to the final round, where each of six teams played
one another in a five-game pro-set match.

    Royal Racquet scored 40 points, Seminole 38.

    Doubles teams from Royal Racquet were Bob Folwell and Bill McEuen, John
Logan and Ralph Hickey, and Bus Davis and George Bouse. Bill West was a
substitute.
 Lakewood wrestling
 position is open N

   ST. PETERSBURG Bill Grant, Lakewood's wrestling coach for the 1989-90 season,
has resigned his position and will not return to the school next year, Spartans'
activities director Liz Collins confirmed this week.

    According to Collins, Grant turned in a letter of resignation in Feburary.
She said Grant resigned for unspecified reasons. No  replacement has been named.


    This season, the Spartans finished third in the Pinellas County Conference.
In 1988-89 Lakewood finished 14th in the 15-team PCC. Since 1979, no Lakewood
team had finished higher than seventh in the PCC.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS
TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 29, 1978 Saturday

New champ   beats rival   and cramps

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: Toronto ON


Fifth-seeded Wayne Jackson overcame leg cramps to post a 6-1, 2-6, 7-6
 victory yesterday over eighth-seeded Rob White of London and capture the
 boys' under-18 title at the Ontario Open junior qualifying tennis
 tournament at Credit Valley Tennis Club.

The final was a see-saw battle ending with Jackson winning the third
 set tie-breaker 13-11. The last set featured numerous service breaks.

One of my racquet strings broke in the second set, said Jackson. I
 switched to a lighter racquet and it took the zip out of my serve. White
 is an excellent player, though. He is very good defensively.

I was a bit lucky too. White double-faulted once when he had a match
 point on me.

The victory maintained Jackson's winning sequence. He had won the only
 two junior tournaments he entered. He missed last week's Ontario junior
 closed championships trying to qualify for the Quebec Open.

The 18-year-old Jackson has emerged as a top contender for next week's
 junior Ontario Open.

Although he plays out of Cambridge's Oxford Racquet Club, he has spent
 the past two years in San Diego and will attend Odessa Junior College in
 Texas on a tennis scholarship next year.

The other boys' winners were Mitch Schachter of Mayfair, under-16, and
 Davin Gibbins of Cobblestone Courts, under-14. Girls' winners were Sue
 Black of Toronto Lawn Tennis Club, under-18; Jenny Sheppard of Aurora,
 under-16; and Marianne Groat of Ontario Racquet Club, under-14.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              July 6, 2001 Friday
                                  Late Edition

BEND THE RULES UNTIL YOU BREAK 'EM;
SPORTS TECHNOLOGY

SECTION: E MAG; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 485 words


Speedo Fastskin

Designed by marine biologists, the Fastskin was thought responsible for a number
of swimming world records at Sydney 2000. Its biomimetic design (a design that
mimics nature) is said to reduce drag by up to 3 per cent. The key tech is
v-shaped ridges that

direct water flow over the swimmer's body in the same way ridges on a shark's
skin do.

spaghetti-strung tennis racquet

A German invention of the late 1970s, the spaghetti-strung, or double-strung,
tennis racquet lets a player put massive amounts of topspin on the ball with no
extra effort. It was most famously used by Ilie Nastase. The International
Tennis Federation banned the use of the racquet in competitions in 1978.

Nike Swift Suit

Had more of a visual effect than anything else, according to some. The
"spiderman suit" was famously worn by Cathy Freeman and US sprinter Marion Jones
at the Sydney Olympics. It's made of five different materials chosen to match
the speed of the particular body part they cover. The different textiles are
also designed to keep some body parts hot, others cool. The hood cuts down on
drag from the hair.

Creatine

The most borderline of all the nutritional supplements used today. Creatine is a
naturally occurring amino acid used in muscle cells to store energy for
explosive exercise such as sprints. It can be bought as a powder or a liquid
"serum" and is now even included in some sports drinks. As a nutritional
supplement Creatine is not banned, but some argue its use is at best unethical.

Superbike

Briton Chris Boardman rode a "superbike", designed by Lotus Sport, at the 1992
Barcelona Olympics. He won gold in the 4,000 metres pursuit and later broke the
world 5,000 metres mark by more than eight seconds. The bike was made of a
lightweight carbon-composite with an aerodynamic one-piece frame.

It sparked a frenzy of technology spending on similar bikes at Atlanta in '96,
where they reportedly cost as much as $US30,000 ($A58,000) each. The bikes were
banned for Sydney 2000 by the International Cycling Federation, which said the
cost of the bikes gave wealthier countries an unfair advantage.

The Polara asymmetric golf ball

Introduced in the late 1970s by Victor Comptometer Corporation, the ball
revolutionised golfers' tee shots, reducing the chance of slicing or hooking.
The ball was asymmetric in that it had shallower dimples on the ends than around
the middle. The US Golf Association banned the Polara, saying it took too much
skill out of the game.

Formula One skirts and fans

Skirts on the sides of Lotus F1 racing cars in the 1978/79 season caused the
"ground effect". They forced the car hard onto the road around corners, reducing
wheel slide and body lift. Brabham countered with a giant fan stuck on the rear
of its cars, which, combined with the skirts, gave even more suck. The fans were
banned after one race, the Swedish Grand Prix, which Brabham's Niki Lauda won by
34 seconds.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eight photos: LAT Photographic.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2001 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             July 21, 2005 Thursday

Area will be represented in state event

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1144 words


Three district teams emerged as winners in last weekend's USA League Tennis West
Regional Adult Championships in Naples.

The champs secured berths in the USA Tennis Florida State Tournament, Aug. 11-14
at the Florida Tennis Center in Daytona Beach. Those winners advance to
nationals.

Phil Green Tennis Academy, based at Safety Harbor Spa, claimed the 4.0 women's
regional title with a 3-1 record, and Royal Racquet Club of Clearwater won the
4.5 crown. Seminole Lake Tennis Center posted a 4-0 mark in 4.0 men's
competition.

Countryside Country Club was edged out of first in women's 2.5 play, and PGTA
was denied in 4.5 men's action.

Finishing third were the St. Petersburg Country Club 2.5 women and Feather Sound
Country Club 3.0 men and 3.5 women.

PGTA's champions claimed all five victories in their first two matches but fell
3-2 to Fort Myers before recovering. With a match remaining against Naples,
captain Marlene Flament thought PGTA's fate was all but determined.

"Usually, when you lose, you're pretty much out of it, which really disappointed
us," Flament said.

"We had underestimated Fort Myers, (which has) been historically weak, and that
cost us," she said. "Our team has a lot of heart, and we pulled back, had some
luck and beat Naples 5-0 in our final."

Fort Myers lost to Naples and Apollo Beach, finishing 2-2 and giving PGTA first
place.

Anne Pulley and May Laraya defended the singles slots for Phil Green Tennis
Academy, combining for a 7-1 mark. The doubles squads in the four matches
consisted of Marion Murch and Michele Pennie, Betty Johnson and Hank Skoczen,
Tammy Conrad and Ria Graham and Skoczen and Nancy Klibanoff.

Rounding out the team are Carol Levin, Beth Seith, Sharon Carlileand Lolita
Shull.

Royal Racquet captain Donna Roberts knew her 4.5 squad had the strength to win
at regionals.

"We beat Naples 3-2, thanks to Lisa Freeman and Joan Simmons in singles and
Janet (Eschenroeder) and Jane (Robinson) in doubles, who all pulled out
third-set tie-breakers," Roberts said.

Royal Racquet lost 3-2 to Fort Myers but bounced back by defeating Tampa and
Sarasota 3-2. Royal Racquet (3-1) edged Fort Myers (3-1) for the championship on
individual wins, with 11 for Royal compared to Fort Myers' 10.

"We had some great singles play, and our doubles came together," Roberts said.
"We don't really have definitive combinations, but we did the best job we could.

"The competition was good, and there were definitely no runaways. We're excited
to go to state."

Also playing singles were Solvi Szawranskyji and Julie McGuire. Splitting
doubles duties were Nancy Boyce, Bonnie Resmondo, Linda Thomson and Billie
Stewart.

Seminole Lake Tennis Center captured its third consecutive state berth by
defeating its first two opponents 3-2 and the next two 4-1.

Non-playing captain Red McGarry divided the positions for eight singles matches
among Brian Cooper, Mark Curran, Jeffrey Mars, Chris Rivera and Doug Haskitt,
with Rivera playing three times and Mars twice.

"That first match with Fort Myers was critical for us," McGarry said. "We lost
both singles, then all three doubles came through. Rain affected the playing
schedule quite a bit. We played Tampa early Saturday and won 3-2, then took on
unbeaten Naples."

After a 4-1 decision over Naples, Seminole Lake regrouped to play its last match
Sunday. "I did the math and saw that with our 3-0 record and 10 individual wins,
we only needed to win one match against Sarasota to finish first," McGarry said.

Seminole collected four wins against Sarasota to claim the title.

Competing in doubles for Seminole Lake were Jon Bean, Eric Alvarado, Steve
Crivello, Kevin Hayslett, Jason Lewis, Rivera, Curran, Cooper and Mike Shapiro.
Rounding out the squad are Jim McCook, Larry Daum, Harold Kligman, Bill McMahon
and Dean Bryan.

LEAGUE NEWS: In the USA Combo Adult Women's League, Shipwatch Tennis Club raised
its record to 6-1 with a 2-1 win over Westin Innisbrook Resort in the 7.5
division. Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club (5-2) defeated East Lake
Woodlands 2-1.

Treasure Island leads the three-team 8.5 Combo League with a 3-2 mark after its
2-1 decision against Shipwatch last week. In the men's Combo League, Largo
Tennis Center collected its second win in the 6.5 class, as did Shipwatch I in
7.5 North and Treasure Bay in 7.5 South.

Royal Racquet Club-Feder captured its second straight 8.0 adult mixed District
12 crown with a 2-1 victory over PGTA earlier this month.

The champs were sparked by Barbara Brutus and Jon Bloom in the No. 1 position
and Mechy Wrightand Troy Felland at No. 3. Rounding out the team are Linda
Thomson, Deb McCleery,  Donna Szazynski-Coddington, Barbara Soto, Missi and
Kevin Hayslett, John McConnell, Josh Magidson, Ron Damouni and captain Bob
Feder.

Royal Racquet advances to sectionals in October, along with Countryside Country
Club 6.5 and McMullen 9.0.

NET SHOTS: Jennifer Wallreached the girls 16 final in the Hunter's Green Rookie
2 Tournament last weekend in Tampa.

Kimberly Herrock defended the girls 10 top seed with a two-set final victory in
last weekend's Treasure Island Junior Championships. Others defending spots were
Jerica Coley (14) and Jorge Guerra(boys 16).  Agatha Ambrozy was a girls 12
finalist. David Teytelbaum(boys 10) and Brett Apter (18) reached championship
matches. Among the consolation winners were Adam Ambrozy (boys 10) and Greg
LeCompte (18).

Eric Watson claimed the men's 4.0 singles title in last weekend's Countryside
Summer NTRP Tournament. Other winners were Kelly Wilhite (3.0 women's) and her
husband, Marvin (5.0).

DID YOU KNOW? A player may lose a point if talking while the ball is in action.

According to The Code, a player's guide in unofficiated matches, a player shall
not talk while the ball is moving toward an opponent's side of the court. If the
player's talking interferes with an opponent's ability to play the ball, the
player loses the point.

For example, a player hits a weak lob and calls out to his partner to get back.
If the shout was loud enough to distract the opponent, the opponent may claim
the point. If, however, the opponent chooses to hit the lob and misses it, the
opponent loses the point because the opponent didn't make a timely claim of the
hindrance.

COMING UP: Temple Terrace Tennis Center has its Adult Summer Bash this weekend
for singles players in open, 30-and-over, 40 and 50 age divisions. For
information, call Manny Mariani, (813) 989-7178. Phil Green Tennis Academy will
play host to Summer Classic Too this weekend at Safety Harbor Spa. Boys and
girls singles in 18, 16, 14, 12 and 10 age classes are offered. Call Al Virgus,
724-7729.

News for this column may be faxed to Nancy Morgan, 796-5559; e-mailed to
namorgan46@msn.com, or sent to 710 Court St., Clearwater, FL 33756. Please
include phone number.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO TIMES

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             August 4, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

TENNIS MATCH HAS LOVE-LOVE ENDING

BYLINE: By Valerie Rowell Columbia County Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 290 words


Columbia County Commission Chairman Ron Cross and Augusta Mayor Deke Copenhaver
took swings at each other Thursday.

The heated matchup involved rackets, tennis balls and bragging rights.

On one of the hottest days of the year, the two county leaders hit the courts at
Petersburg Racquet Club in Martinez for the Community Spirit Exhibition tennis
match, which kicked off the Columbia County Chamber of Commerce's inaugural
Chamber Challenge Tennis Tournament.

The celebrity umpire, Ann Taylor, laid down her own rules, which included crowd
cheering and creative calls.

"That's called a county taking care of its own," said Mr. Cross, 65, who was
giggling as a Columbia County sheriff's deputy walked onto the court and
shackled Mr. Copenhaver's ankles before the first serve was hit.

"This is where it gets ugly," said Mr. Copenhaver, 38, as he stepped up to the
line to serve after losing the first game to Mr. Cross.

Mr. Copenhaver's serve betrayed him throughout the match, but his use of spin on
the ball played to his advantage, as did Ms. Taylor's biased and creative
score-keeping.

"She just feels sorry for me," Mr. Copenhaver said, laughing, before the
opponents donned giant clown glasses for two games.

"Ron is tougher than he looks," Mr. Copenhaver said after the match.

Neither Mr. Cross nor Mr. Copenhaver earned bragging rights. Only two points
before the end of the ninth and final game, both men conceded the match to each
other in the spirit of cooperation. Mr. Cross and Mr. Copenhaver left the court
side by side in a wheelchair and on crutches, respectively.

"It was a great match," Mr. Cross said. "It was an honor to be out there with
the mayor."

Reach Valerie Rowell at 868-1222, ext. 110, or
valerie.rowell@augustachronicle.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  MICHAEL HOLAHAN/STAFF Augusta Mayor Deke Copenhaver, left, contends
with goofy glasses and Columbia County Commission Chairman Ron Cross applauds a
shot at the Petersburg Racquet Club in Martinez. The match included such
creative additios as shackles, crutches and wheelchairs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            February 28, 2014 Friday
                                  Main Edition

BUCKHEAD;
Tennis giant's HQ to be in Atlanta

BYLINE: J. Scott Trubey; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 435 words



HIGHLIGHT: Prince Global Sports' Buckhead facility may employ 20-25 at first.


Prince Global Sports, a recovering giant in the tennis and racquet sports world,
is moving its headquarters to Atlanta as part of a broader shift of operations.

Prince CEO Mike Ballardie told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution in a telephone
interview Thursday that the company's Buckhead operations center will have about
20 to 25 employees, most hired locally. The roles will include marketing,
finance and other positions.

The headquarters could employ about 40 people over the next several years, he
said. Prince has yet to sign a lease and declined to identify the location until
a deal is done.

Prince, which built its brand as an early innovator with oversized racquets, was
founded in 1970 near Princeton, N.J. The brand has been owned by several firms
in the past 44 years.

In 2012, the company filed for bankruptcy protection and was bought by Waitt Co.
of Omaha, Neb. Prince has restructured operations under Waitt's ownership.

As part of Thursday's announcement, the company said it will move its research
and development division and player services unit to sports training institute
IMG Academy in Bradenton, Fla., where it operates the Prince Innovation Center.
There, Prince can work with some of the top young tennis players in the nation.

Ballardie said his company chose Atlanta in part because of the region's long
tennis history, including the BB&T Atlanta Open tournament and the Atlanta Lawn
Tennis Association (ALTA), which is considered the largest city tennis league in
the world.

He said the company wanted to be "located in a community in an area that was
strongly steeped in tennis."

"Atlanta checks all the boxes in that regard," he said.

As a private firm, Prince does not release much financial data. But Ballardie
said Prince commands about 20 percent to 25 percent market share in racquet
sales and has about $250 million in annual global sales.

Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport offers the company quicker links to its
Florida operations and its international customers, said Ballardie, who splits
his time between the U.S. and London.

David Ferrer and former University of Georgia standout John Isner are among the
notable tennis stars who endorse Prince products. Isner won last year's Atlanta
Open at Atlantic Station.

Buckhead is in the midst of a dramatic transformation from party town to
economic hub for the city of Atlanta. In July, the Buckhead Atlanta project is
scheduled to open the first phase of a luxury mixed-use development that will
eventually cover six city blocks. To read more on this ambitious project, log on
to our premium website at www.MyAjc.com/business.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 4;
                                National Edition

NO MEAN WINDY CITY;
REVEALED DEPORTED HOODS BROUGHT STYLE RACKETS BACK TO GLASGOW

BYLINE: Craig McDonald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24,25

LENGTH: 667 words


Scottish hoods kicked out of the US in the 1930s brought Chicagostyle rackets
back with them, a new book reveals.

Members of Glasgow's notorious razor gangs were recruited by Chicago crime
cartels - including Al Capone's infamous mob.

But if the police caught up with them, they were deported back to Scotland - and
brought home a range of new scams and terror tactics.

The connections between Glasgow and the Windy City saw Capone hire tough Scot
Ronald Kerr as his personal bodyguard.

Another hoodlum, James Gilzean, was among those who moved to the US - then
returned to Scotland with his new gangster skills.

Historian Andrew Davies said: "There were others like Gilzean. If all the
stories are true, you would actually think the Chicago gang wars were
orchestrated by Scots.

"There was a fascination in Britain with the US underworld in the Prohibition
era of the 1920s.

"Another dimension is the young Scots who had emigrated to the US during the
Depression.

"Many returned having gained first-hand experience of violent, organised crime."

In his book City of Gangs, Davies lays bare the reality of gang culture in
Glasgow in the 20s and 30s.

The book tells how Capone hired Glaswegian Kerr - a former soldier - as his
personal bodyguard after fleeing to Florida following the 1929 St Valentine's
Day massacre.

Davies said: "Ensconced at his house in Palm Beach, he was watched over by a
hand-picked group of 10 gunmen, commanded by Ronald Kerr. He was said to be the
only man Capone would trust."

Gilzean revelled in his mobster links after returning to Scotland and even wrote
a series newspaper articles entitled A Scot in Chicago's Gangland.

Davies said: "Gilzean claimed to have been closely associated with many of the
leading Chicago gangsters in the Prohibition era and gave a graphic account of
boot-legging, turf wars, ruthless killings and police and political corruption.

"Having returned to Scotland, he was keen to trade on the global notoriety of
the wild men of Chicago and he provided sketches of John Torrio, Al Capone and
Dean O'Banion."

In 1932, it was reported that more than 100 criminals deported from the US and
Canada had returned to Scotland.

Davies said: "According to police, a number had left Scotland for the US as
teenagers in search of work but turned to crime after the Depression.

"Having served prison sentences in the US, they returned to Scotland to no
prospects of work and little option but to pursue a life of crime.

"The result was a spate of Chicago-style rackets, smash and grab raids and armed
hold-ups in Glasgow."

An issue of the Sunday Mail - dated July 10, 1932 - told how Glasgow detectives
were probing a series of threatening letters being sent to witnesses in
housebreaking cases.

There were also growing cases of protection rackets targeting shopkeepers and
publicans.

We reported: "A new type of gang has arisen - gangs of young men who, it would
appear, are basing their activities on the latest advices from Chicago.

"Typical of the American gangster method is the trick employed of threatening
women members of the victim's family."

They fought Hitler's Nazis with razors

World War II led to the break-up of the gangs which terrorised Glasgow in the
1930s, Davies says.

And although gangs existed after 1945, they were never as organised.

The writer added: "There must have been instances where men from both sides of
the sectarian divide ended up on the same side, fighting the Germans.

"The war cast a new light on gang members. They went from being troublesome men
of violence to heroic men of combat.

"There was a story about one former gangster who, having lost his rifle during a
scuffle, resorts to hand-tohand fighting using a razor. "A German attacked him
and a corporal said, 'Thought you were hot stuff? You haven't put a mark on that
Bosch.' "He replied, 'Hiv ah no? Jist you watch when the fella tries to shake
his heid.'" ?City of Gangs, Glasgow and the Rise of the British Gangster, by
Andrew Davies is available now, priced £20.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COPYCAT Davies book, right,reveals how Scots copied rackets from U.S
hoods like Capone, top, as we revealed in July 1932
RUNNING SCARED Crowds flee the scene of a huge gang fight in Glasgow's Tollcross
Road in May 1933

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


             Copyright 2013 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday

SECTION: C; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


boys' tennis postseason schedule

L-L League Tournament

TEAM

Semifinals

Section Two runner-up at Section One champion

Section One runner-up at Section Two champion

Finals

Semifinal winners at Warwick

(Dates will be determined at L-L League meeting on Friday, April 22)

INDIVIDUAL

Thursday, April 28

Class AAA and AA

First two rounds of top flight singles and first round of all doubles at
Conestoga Valley, 9 a.m.

First two rounds of second flight singles at Manheim Central, 9 a.m.

First two rounds of third flight singles at Warwick, 9 a.m.

First two rounds of fourth flight singles at McCaskey, 9 a.m.

First two rounds of fifth flight singles at Ephrata, 9 a.m.

Saturday, April 30

Semifinals of all singles; quarterfinals and semifinals of all doubles at
Conestoga Valley, 8:45 a.m.

Monday, May 2

Finals of all singles and doubles at Conestoga Valley, 4 p.m.

District Three Tournament

TEAM

At Hershey Racquet Club

Class AAA

Quarterfinals, Thursday, May 5

Semifinals, Tuesday, May 10

Finals and consolations, Wednesday, May 11

Class AA

Quarterfinals, Friday, May 6

Semifinals, Tuesday, May 10

Finals and consolations, Wednesday, May 11

INDIVIDUAL

At Hershey Racquet Club

Saturday, May 7

First two rounds of Class AAA and AA singles, 1 p.m.

Monday, May 9

Semifinals, finals and consolations of Class AAA and AA singles, noon

Friday, May 13

First two rounds of Class AAA and AA doubles, noon

Saturday, May 14

Semifinals, finals and consolations of Class AAA and AA doubles, 1 p.m.

PIAA Tournament

TEAM

Class AAA and AA

Tuesday, May 17

First round, sites TBA

Friday, May 20

Second round through semifinals at Hershey Racquet Club

Saturday, May 21

Final round at Hershey Racquet Club

INDIVIDUAL

Class AAA and AA

Singles and Doubles

Friday-Saturday, May 27-28, at Hershey Racquet Club

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright  2011   Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 26, 2003 Friday
                                  CIty Edition

Wesleyan student scores ace against would-be burglar

BYLINE: NANCY HICKS, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 239 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


A former Nebraska Wesleyan University tennis player used his tennis racket to
chase down a would-be burglar Christmas Eve morning.

Andrew Nore was asleep in his basement bedroom in the 7800 block of Starr Street
early Wednesday morning when he was awakened by the pitter-patter of little feet
upstairs.

Both Nore's roommates were gone for the Christmas break, so the Wesleyan senior
armed himself with the handiest weapon around, his tennis racket stored in his
closet.

"The golf clubs were in the garage," he said.

Up the stairs he flew like a flash.  And there before his wondering eyes was a
burglar ripping  off his Dell laptop and other electronic equipment.

Waiving the racket and wearing his "boxer shorts and a smile," Nore chased the
burglar out of the house and down the street, then pinned him against a fence.

"I held him by the shirt collar up against a wooden fence, and yelled
obscenities until someone called about a domestic disturbance," Nore said on
Christmas Day from his family's home in Columbus.

Lincoln police relieved Nore of the alleged burglar, Matthew Eybel,  a little
after 4 a.m, said Police Chief Tom Casady.  Eybel, 21, was arrested for
burglary.

Nore, who played tennis at Wesleyan his freshman and sophomore years, said he
has been contemplating playing tennis again this spring, his senior year.

The racket chase notwithstanding, he still hasn't decided.

Reach Nancy Hicks at 473-7250 or nhicks@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Vance Athletic Supply celebrates 40 years

BYLINE: David Irvine, Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 671 words


Sept. 16--Some businesses get started on a shoestring.

Vance Athletic Supply Company saw its beginning with tennis racket strings.

Now it is celebrating 40 years of providing shoes and other equipment to runners
and athletes of various sports.

Co-owner Bob Nelson said that in the 1970s he worked as comptroller for Fast
Fare and had a sideline business of stringing tennis rackets.

"There was no place in town to get your tennis racket strung," he said. "I
bought a stringing machine and set up a business in the basement."

The business soon expanded. "People asked me if I could get them tennis
accessories as well," Nelson said. "Then it was, 'Can you get us tennis shoes?'
"

He began to see sporting goods as a business opportunity. When Fast Fare moved
to Pittsburgh, he decided to stay in Henderson. "My sister-in-law's husband had
just gotten out of the army and was looking for something to do." That was Kirt
Meadows. "Kirt and I got together and started a full line of sporting goods."

Their first store, Sports Corner, opened Sept. 17, 1976, in Henderson Mall next
to Roses Store.

"Kirt worked full time, and I did, too, for a while," Nelson said. But they soon
learned that the business wouldn't support two full-time managers. Nelson went
to work for a company in Raleigh and did the accounting for Sports Corner while
Meadows managed the store.

In 1986, Nelson and Meadows opened stores in Roanoke Rapids and Salisbury. They
would later open stores in half a dozen other cities in North Carolina. Not all
of them were profitable and had to be closed.

"The worst part about closing a store is doing something with the employees,"
Nelson said. He and Meadows attempted to find other spots in the company for
them.

This loyalty to their employees shows. One store manager has been with Vance
Athletic Supply since 1985.

"There's no way you can stay in business for 40 years without good employees,
finding them and keeping them," Meadows said.

They now have stores in Henderson, Ahoskie, Laurenburg, Roanoke Rapids,
Salisbury and Charlotte. The Henderson store is located in Henderson Square
Shopping Center on North Cooper Drive.

The local store has employed more than 400 individuals in its 40 years, Nelson
said, many of them high school students.

The store even worked as Cupid. A now-married couple met while working there,
Meadows said.

The company name remains Vance Athletic Supply Company, but the store's name has
changed more than once over time.

Sports Corner became The Athlete's Foot when they acquired a franchise with the
international supplier of sports footwear and accessories. They dropped the
franchise in 2009 and used their own name, SporTrax. In March of this year, they
renewed their association with The Athlete's Foot, and the current store name
reflects the change.

Vance Athletic Supply stores offer a variety of makes of shoes, but Nike
comprises about 75 percent of the business. "They drive the market," Nelson
said.

Teenagers and young adults are their main customers, determining what they will
carry. "Earlier it was running shoes," Meadows said. "Now it's market driven."
The name and style of shoe are more important than the sport the shoe was
designed for, he said.

Nelson and Meadows both came indirectly to the shoe business.

After receiving a degree in business administration from East Carolina
University, Nelson spent seven years in the Air Force as a B-52 bomber pilot. He
later received a degree in accounting from the University of North Carolina at
Chapel Hill.

Since 1971, he has lived in Henderson with his wife, the former Marsha Jordan,
who grew up in Henderson.

Meadows received a degree in health and physical education from ECU. He is
married to Marsha Nelson's sister, Frances.

Asked how they divide the duties with Vance Athletic Supply Company, Nelson
said, "Kirt buys. I pay."

They've been doing something like that for 40 years.

___ (c)2016 Henderson Daily Dispatch, N.C. Visit Henderson Daily Dispatch, N.C.
at www.hendersondispatch.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160916-HDD-Vance-Athletic-Supply-celebrates-40-years-0916-20160916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDD


                 Copyright 2016 Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch


                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                             June 7, 2001, Thursday

AREA GOLF; NGA returns to The Cape this month

BYLINE: Brian Hendrickson, Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 571 words


Several familiar names will be missing from the field when the NGA Tour returns
to The Cape Golf and Racquet Club in two weeks.

Chad Campbell, who dominated the tour last year and won his seventh tournament
at The Cape, is now playing on the Buy.com Tour, the PGA Tour's official
developmental tour.

Campbell, who won by three strokes over Scott Hebert at The Cape last summer,
won the Buy.com Richmond Classic and leads the tour's money list with $ 168,245
in winnings.

Hebert has also advanced to the Buy.com Tour and has won $ 11,751, ranking him
88th on the money list.

One former champ, however, is expected to make his return.

Vaughn Taylor, who won his first career NGA Tour event in 1999 at Echo Farms, is
expected to return this year after missing last year's trip to the Port City.
Taylor is the NGA Tour's leading money winner with $ 65,492.

The four-round tournament will be held June 21-24, with the winner receiving $
22,000 of the $ 125,000 purse.

A qualifying event will be held June 18 and is open to any professionals and
amateurs. Entry fees for the qualifying tournament are $ 150 for tour members
and $ 200 for non-members.

For more information on the qualifying tournament, call The Cape at (910)
799-3110.


N.C. AMATEUR SLATED

Several local golfers will compete in the North Carolina Amateur Championship
next week at High Point Country Club's Willow Creek Course.

John Pitt, Bob Cherry, Walker Taylor, Ned Murchison and Michael Sellers each
qualified for the event, to be held June 14-17.

The Carolinas Golf Association tournament has a rich tradition and impressive
champions list, including current PGA Tour member Scott Hoch.

The tournament is open to all CGA members with a handicap index of 5.4 or lower.


GOLF SCHOOL HONORED

The Phil Ritson-Mel Sole Golf School was named one of America's Top 25 Golf
Schools for the second straight time in Golf magazine's biennial rankings,
published in its June issue.

The Ritson-Sole school, based out of Pawleys Island Plantation near Myrtle
Beach, S.C., has six locations in the Carolinas, Georgia, Kansas, Kentucky and
Pennsylvania.

Its Wilmington school, operated by local teaching professional Ric Balcombe, is
located at Magnolia Greens Golf Plantation in Leland.

For more information, call (800) 624-4653 or call Balcombe at (910) 383-3171.


FREE DAY FOR DAUGHTERS

Meadowlands Golf Club in Brunswick County will celebrate "Take Your Daughter to
the Course Week" with free clinics and admission June 18-24.

Clinics planned at Meadowlands are June 18 at 10:30 a.m., June 19 at 5 p.m.,
June 20 at 5 p.m., June 21 at 10:30 a.m., June 22 at 5 p.m., June 23 at 10:30
a.m. and June 24 at 1 p.m.

For more information, call Meadowlands at (910) 287-7529.


PIRATE CLUB TOURNEY

The Cape Fear Chapter of the East Carolina University Pirate Club will hold its
annual captain's choice tournament June 23 at Magnolia Greens on June 23.

The cost is $ 70 per golfer or $ 325 for a four-person team and hole
sponsorship. A corporate sponsorship is also available for $ 1,000, which
includes a four-person team, a company name on a tournament banner and four
tickets to either the ECU vs. Louisville or ECU vs. William & Mary football
game.

For more information, call Hunter Gallimore at (910) 251-2373 or (910) 313-1926
in the Wilmington area, or Dwight Flanagan in Brunswick County at (910)
754-9923.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Park Record (Park City, Utah)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 19, 2010 Wednesday

With bid just shy of $8 million, Salt Lake firm positioned for Racquet Club
contract: Okland Construction is the lowest of the six bids, City Hall pleased
with dollar figure

BYLINE: Jay Hamburger, Park Record, Park City, Utah

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 734 words


May 19--A Salt Lake City-based construction firm with handiwork stretching from
Deer Valley to The Canyons submitted the lowest bid to redo the Racquet Club,
putting itself into a position to win one of the largest contracts City Hall has
ever awarded.

Okland Construction's bid of $7,997,000 was, by a significant margin, the lowest
of the six bids that were unsealed midafternoon Monday at the Marsac Building.
The next lowest was from Hogan & Associates Construction, which priced the work
at $8,199,000. The high bid came from New Star General Contractors, which pegged
the redo at $8.9 million.

City Hall staffers, consultants hired by the municipal government and
representatives from some of the construction firms listened as the bids were
opened. Some took notes as the numbers were read aloud. Each of the firms had
qualified beforehand to submit bids.

Matt Twombly, one of the City Hall staffers assigned to the project, said in an
interview afterward the price could increase from the $7,997,000 base as work is
added onto the overall project. He said, though, he does not expect any of the
other firms to have a lower bid than Okland Construction once the other work is
added to the price tag.

Twombly said he is pleased with the dollar amount of the bids, saying estimates
had put the figure higher. He said the slowdown in construction during the
recession brought down prices.

"It's good. We were unsure. We were getting estimates through the engineer and
architect around $10

million, so to come in at $8 million s definitely a positive step," Twombly
said.

He said City Hall must still verify the Okland Construction numbers submitted on
the bid form. If the numbers are verified, Twombly said, staffers would
recommend the contract go to Okland Construction.

Mayor Dana Williams and the Park City Council are tentatively scheduled to
consider a deal with the construction firm on May 27. City staffers have long
said the overall redo of the aging Park Meadows facility is expected to cost
$10.5 million, with the construction being the bulk of the price tag.

But the elected officials have just started their budget discussions, which are
expected to be some of the most difficult in years as City Hall considers a
spending plan amid dwindling revenues. It is anticipated that the mayor and City
Council will review the budget item for the Racquet Club early during the budget
talks. It was not clear whether the project would be discussed at a City Council
meeting on Thursday.

If the City Council gives the go-ahead, work could start by midsummer. The
elected officials have previously indicated they want to work to proceed,
arguing that the Racquet Club no longer is an adequate facility.

Under the blueprints, most of the existing Racquet Club would be razed and a new
facility would be rebuilt at the site. The gymnasium would be the only section
of the facility that would be incorporated into the new one.

The new building would update a facility that was put up in the early 1970s as a
private-sector health club and then purchased by City Hall in 1987. There have
been numerous upgrades made over the years of municipal ownership, but the
current redo would be far more ambitious. Many new pieces of equipment will be
added and a walking and jogging track will be built. The weight room and fitness
areas would be expanded and the locker rooms redone. Upgrades to make the
building more environmentally friendly would be added as well.

Okland Construction has built some of the most recognizable buildings in the
Park City area, with high-profile jobs such as the Grand Summit at The Canyons,
the Utah Olympic Park, the St. Regis at Deer Crest and the Park City Medical
Center, according to the firm's website.

Significant Okland Construction projects in Salt Lake City, meanwhile, include
the Grand America Hotel and the City Creek development that is under
construction downtown, the website says.

The Park Record was unable to contact an Okland Construction representative.

To see more of the Park Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.parkrecord.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Park Record, Park City, Utah
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100519-QE-With-bid-just-shy-of-8-million-Salt-Lake-firm-positioned-for-Racquet
-Club-contract-0519

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QE


                           Copyright 2010 Park Record


                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

NO MEAN WINDY CITY;
REVEALED DEPORTED HOODS BROUGHT ; CHICAGO-STYLE RACKETS BACK TO GLASGOW

BYLINE: Craig McDonald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24,25

LENGTH: 667 words


Scottish hoods kicked out of the US in the 1930s brought Chicagostyle rackets
back with them, a new book reveals.

Members of Glasgow's notorious razor gangs were recruited by Chicago crime
cartels - including Al Capone's infamous mob.

But if the police caught up with them, they were deported back to Scotland - and
brought home a range of new scams and terror tactics.

The connections between Glasgow and the Windy City saw Capone hire tough Scot
Ronald Kerr as his personal bodyguard.

Another hoodlum, James Gilzean, was among those who moved to the US - then
returned to Scotland with his new gangster skills.

Historian Andrew Davies said: "There were others like Gilzean. If all the
stories are true, you would actually think the Chicago gang wars were
orchestrated by Scots.

"There was a fascination in Britain with the US underworld in the Prohibition
era of the 1920s.

"Another dimension is the young Scots who had emigrated to the US during the
Depression.

"Many returned having gained first-hand experience of violent, organised crime."

In his book City of Gangs, Davies lays bare the reality of gang culture in
Glasgow in the 20s and 30s.

The book tells how Capone hired Glaswegian Kerr - a former soldier - as his
personal bodyguard after fleeing to Florida following the 1929 St Valentine's
Day massacre.

Davies said: "Ensconced at his house in Palm Beach, he was watched over by a
hand-picked group of 10 gunmen, commanded by Ronald Kerr. He was said to be the
only man Capone would trust."

Gilzean revelled in his mobster links after returning to Scotland and even wrote
a series newspaper articles entitled A Scot in Chicago's Gangland.

Davies said: "Gilzean claimed to have been closely associated with many of the
leading Chicago gangsters in the Prohibition era and gave a graphic account of
boot-legging, turf wars, ruthless killings and police and political corruption.

"Having returned to Scotland, he was keen to trade on the global notoriety of
the wild men of Chicago and he provided sketches of John Torrio, Al Capone and
Dean O'Banion."

In 1932, it was reported that more than 100 criminals deported from the US and
Canada had returned to Scotland.

Davies said: "According to police, a number had left Scotland for the US as
teenagers in search of work but turned to crime after the Depression.

"Having served prison sentences in the US, they returned to Scotland to no
prospects of work and little option but to pursue a life of crime.

"The result was a spate of Chicago-style rackets, smash and grab raids and armed
hold-ups in Glasgow."

An issue of the Sunday Mail - dated July 10, 1932 - told how Glasgow detectives
were probing a series of threatening letters being sent to witnesses in
housebreaking cases.

There were also growing cases of protection rackets targeting shopkeepers and
publicans.

We reported: "A new type of gang has arisen - gangs of young men who, it would
appear, are basing their activities on the latest advices from Chicago.

"Typical of the American gangster method is the trick employed of threatening
women members of the victim's family."

They fought Hitler's Nazis with razors World War II led to the break-up of the
gangs which terrorised Glasgow in the 1930s, Davies says.

And although gangs existed after 1945, they were never as organised.

The writer added: "There must have been instances where men from both sides of
the sectarian divide ended up on the same side, fighting the Germans.

"The war cast a new light on gang members. They went from being troublesome men
of violence to heroic men of combat.

"There was a story about one former gangster who, having lost his rifle during a
scuffle, resorts to hand-tohand fighting using a razor. "A German attacked him
and a corporal said, 'Thought you were hot stuff? You haven't put a mark on that
Bosch.' "He replied, 'Hiv ah no? Jist you watch when the fella tries to shake
his heid.'" ?City of Gangs, Glasgow and the Rise of the British Gangster, by
Andrew Davies is available now, priced £20.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COPYCAT Davies book, right,reveals how Scots copied rackets from U.S
hoods like Capone, top, as we revealed in July 1932
RUNNING SCARED Crowds flee the scene of a huge gang fight in Glasgow's Tollcross
Road in May 1933

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


             Copyright 2013 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

NO MEAN WINDY CITY;
REVEALED DEPORTED HOODS BROUGHT CHICAGO-STYLE RACKETS BACK TO GLASGOW

BYLINE: Craig McDonald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24,25

LENGTH: 667 words


Scottish hoods kicked out of the US in the 1930s brought Chicagostyle rackets
back with them, a new book reveals.

Members of Glasgow's notorious razor gangs were recruited by Chicago crime
cartels - including Al Capone's infamous mob.

But if the police caught up with them, they were deported back to Scotland - and
brought home a range of new scams and terror tactics.

The connections between Glasgow and the Windy City saw Capone hire tough Scot
Ronald Kerr as his personal bodyguard.

Another hoodlum, James Gilzean, was among those who moved to the US - then
returned to Scotland with his new gangster skills.

Historian Andrew Davies said: "There were others like Gilzean. If all the
stories are true, you would actually think the Chicago gang wars were
orchestrated by Scots.

"There was a fascination in Britain with the US underworld in the Prohibition
era of the 1920s.

"Another dimension is the young Scots who had emigrated to the US during the
Depression.

"Many returned having gained first-hand experience of violent, organised crime."

In his book City of Gangs, Davies lays bare the reality of gang culture in
Glasgow in the 20s and 30s.

The book tells how Capone hired Glaswegian Kerr - a former soldier - as his
personal bodyguard after fleeing to Florida following the 1929 St Valentine's
Day massacre.

Davies said: "Ensconced at his house in Palm Beach, he was watched over by a
hand-picked group of 10 gunmen, commanded by Ronald Kerr. He was said to be the
only man Capone would trust."

Gilzean revelled in his mobster links after returning to Scotland and even wrote
a series newspaper articles entitled A Scot in Chicago's Gangland.

Davies said: "Gilzean claimed to have been closely associated with many of the
leading Chicago gangsters in the Prohibition era and gave a graphic account of
boot-legging, turf wars, ruthless killings and police and political corruption.

"Having returned to Scotland, he was keen to trade on the global notoriety of
the wild men of Chicago and he provided sketches of John Torrio, Al Capone and
Dean O'Banion."

In 1932, it was reported that more than 100 criminals deported from the US and
Canada had returned to Scotland.

Davies said: "According to police, a number had left Scotland for the US as
teenagers in search of work but turned to crime after the Depression.

"Having served prison sentences in the US, they returned to Scotland to no
prospects of work and little option but to pursue a life of crime.

"The result was a spate of Chicago-style rackets, smash and grab raids and armed
hold-ups in Glasgow."

An issue of the Sunday Mail - dated July 10, 1932 - told how Glasgow detectives
were probing a series of threatening letters being sent to witnesses in
housebreaking cases.

There were also growing cases of protection rackets targeting shopkeepers and
publicans.

We reported: "A new type of gang has arisen - gangs of young men who, it would
appear, are basing their activities on the latest advices from Chicago.

"Typical of the American gangster method is the trick employed of threatening
women members of the victim's family."

They fought Hitler's Nazis with razors

World War II led to the break-up of the gangs which terrorised Glasgow in the
1930s, Davies says.

And although gangs existed after 1945, they were never as organised.

The writer added: "There must have been instances where men from both sides of
the sectarian divide ended up on the same side, fighting the Germans.

"The war cast a new light on gang members. They went from being troublesome men
of violence to heroic men of combat.

"There was a story about one former gangster who, having lost his rifle during a
scuffle, resorts to hand-tohand fighting using a razor. "A German attacked him
and a corporal said, 'Thought you were hot stuff? You haven't put a mark on that
Bosch.'

"He replied, 'Hiv ah no? Jist you watch when the fella tries to shake his
heid.'"

City of Gangs, Glasgow and the Rise of the British Gangster, by Andrew Davies is
available now, priced £20.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COPYCAT Davies book, right,reveals how Scots copied rackets from U.S
hoods like Capone, top, as we revealed in July 1932
RUNNING SCARED Crowds flee the scene of a huge gang fight in Glasgow's Tollcross
Road in May 1933

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


             Copyright 2013 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             April 15, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Figueroa is a two-sport marvel

BYLINE: Dick Evans

SECTION: B; LOCAL NOTEBOOK; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 432  words


Juan Figueroa came to Florida as an avid bowler. now he's also deeply involved
in tennis.

I started bowling back in New Jersey in 1973 but I didn't take up tennis when I
retired and moved to Palm Coast in 1993," said Figueroa.

Figueroa, age 73, bowled a 300 game and a few 800 sets back in New Jersey while
maintaining 200-plus averages, but says "my average has fallen this year into
the low 180s, it's just one of those things that happens in sports."

On May 29 he will bowl in the American Bowling Congress' National Championship
Tournament in Knoxville, Tenn.

"I like going to the nationals," Figueroa says. "My team name is 'Going for the
Gold,' and my teammates are my son Mel, Gary Tanis, Fred Haverstich and Martin
Haverstich. Fred now lives in Oregon and Martin now lives in Las Vegas but they
use to live here and we all bowled together."

Then there's tennis.

"I got into the game because I figured if my son was playing tennis I would try
it too. He's very good, me I'm only fair," said the former New York City Transit
employee for 37 years.

"I enjoy playing tennis so I was taking lessons down at the Florida Tennis
Center until I hurt my leg a couple weeks ago. Tennis is great exercise and I
miss it."

METRO IN MAY

May is the designated tennis month in America so the Greater Volusia Tennis
Network has unveiled its new Carter Electric Metro Tennis Championships that is
open to all residents in Volusia, Flagler and Putnam counties.

A kickoff registration program for players is scheduled May 10 at the Florida
Tennis Center from 3 to 6 p.m. Participants will receive first-round match times
and a tournament T-shirt.

Deadline for sending in entries for family, adult, juniors and NTRP events is
May 7 at 5 p.m.

Here are the clubs that will participate: Brandywine, City Island, Derbyshire,
DeLand, Earl Brown, Grand Haven, Oceans, Oceanside, Ormond Beach, Palm Coast,
Pelican Bay, Port Orange, Racquet Center, Spruce Creek, Tomoka Oaks and the
Trails.

Entry fee for three events is $20 for adults and $10 for juniors.

Call 38 6/6 73-2312 or 386/ 427-8967 for additional information.

WOODEN RACQUET CHARITY TEST

The second annual Andrew Cisio Benefit Wooden Racquet Classic is scheduled
Sunday May 4 at the City Island Tennis Center in downtown Daytona Beach.

The round-robin tournament is being held to raise money for the Andre David
Cisio Lissencephaly Foundation.

Cubby from the Daytona Beach Cubs will be there to enjoy in the fun and
competition starting at 10 a.m.

The entry fee is $20 and will include use of wooden tennis racquets and
refreshments. Call 257-0755 to enter.

Evans121@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 19, 1979 Monday

Philly duo   still tops   in squash

BYLINE: SPCL

LENGTH: 108 words

DATELINE: New York NY


Special to The Globe and Mail
 NEW YORK - The Philadelphia team of Tom Page and Gilbert Mateer retained
 the U.S. men's squash racquets doubles title yesterday, beating the New
 York team of John Reese and Larry Heath 17-15, 15-12, 15-10 at the
 Racquet and Tennis Club.

David Hetherington of Toronto and Peter Hall of Hamilton lost in the
 quarter-final round to Tom Poor of Boston and Sandy Martin of Baltimore
 15-12, 17-15, 12-15, 15-12.

Richard Seagram of Toronto and Richie Bell of Montreal lost in the
 quarter-final round to Don Williams of Washington, D.C., and Peter Day of
 Greenwich, Conn., 9-15, 15-5, 15-4, 15-10 after winning their opening
 match.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday

Music is his racquet

BYLINE: John Harvey, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 606 words


May 11--JAMESâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]CITY -- Musicians and athletes are a lot alike.

Both spend countless hours perfecting their craft for an opportunity at
greatness.

For Dylan Fitchett, he finds a perfect harmony with both.

The Lafayette High senior has been a fixture in the boys tennis lineup since his
freshman year, playing as high as No.3 this season.

When he's not ripping baseline forehand winners, Fitchett may be running blues
riffs with a guitar in his hand.

Fitchett said he believes the two activities go hand-in-hand."One big similarity
between the two is the independence you have," he said. "In both, you're doing
something personal, but you also have to be aware of what the rest of your team
or band is doing. You have to pay some attention to the situation the team or
band is in, whether they need you to bring home the win or get everybody back
into rhythm."

Fitchett admitted tennis was his first love growing up. "I've been playing
tennis on and off since I could hold a racket," he said. "But I guess I got more
serious about it just before I started high school."

He showed promise right from the start and was inserted into the Top 6 singles
position as a freshman.

"My most memorable tennis accomplishment is just being able to play varsity and
start in every match, for every year I've been in high school."

Fitchett found music about seven years ago and the attraction was immediate.

Like most guitar players, he was influenced by Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page, and it
just grew from there.

A few years ago, he attended a summer guitar session at Berklee College of Music
in Boston, Mass., where he developed an infatuation for blues and jazz music.

He began to follow the musical stylings of blues icons B.B.â[#x20ac][#x2c6]King,
Albert King and Stevie Ray Vaughan.

"I consider myself to be most fluent in blues guitar, though I love to play any
style, from jazz to pop," he said. "I really can't imagine myself doing anything
else."

Fitchett said that he practices about an hour a day during the school week and
as many as 6-7 hours a day during the weekend.

He's accomplished quite a bit in his short career.

"I've played in several bands over the years and I've written some original
music, but I haven't recorded any of it yet on disc," he said.

Fitchett has been a fixture at First Night celebrations, playing lead guitar in
several different bands.

Lately, he's developed his own Facebook page, Dylan Fitchett Music, which is
filled with songs that he's recorded.

"The toughest thing about guitar for me at this point is just writing something
I would consider to be good," he said. "I'm really overcritical of myself and
that extends to music I try to write, so it just takes a really long time for me
to write something satisfying."

So, which one is harder, serving out a match or playing in front of a packed
house?

For Fitchett, it's a toss-up.

"I don't think I could say one is tougher than the other because I'm at such a
different level in each," he said. "I'm not nearly as good of a tennis player as
I am a musician. Most of high school tennis has taken a back seat to music,
because I'm just far more interested in music and I see more career potential in
it.

"Tennis has always just been something fun and competitive to do with friends,"
he added. "Music has been something I want do for a living someday."

To see more of The Virginia Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://vagazette.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110511-1VG-Music-is-his-racquet-0511-20110511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2011 The Virginia Gazette


                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 7, 2011 Saturday

Music is his racquet

BYLINE: John Harvey, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 606 words


May 07--JAMESâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]CITY -- Musicians and athletes are a lot alike.

Both spend countless hours perfecting their craft for an opportunity at
greatness.

For Dylan Fitchett, he finds a perfect harmony with both.

The Lafayette High senior has been a fixture in the boys tennis lineup since his
freshman year, playing as high as No.3 this season.

When he's not ripping baseline forehand winners, Fitchett may be running blues
riffs with a guitar in his hand.

Fitchett said he believes the two activities go hand-in-hand."One big similarity
between the two is the independence you have," he said. "In both, you're doing
something personal, but you also have to be aware of what the rest of your team
or band is doing. You have to pay some attention to the situation the team or
band is in, whether they need you to bring home the win or get everybody back
into rhythm."

Fitchett admitted tennis was his first love growing up. "I've been playing
tennis on and off since I could hold a racket," he said. "But I guess I got more
serious about it just before I started high school."

He showed promise right from the start and was inserted into the Top 6 singles
position as a freshman.

"My most memorable tennis accomplishment is just being able to play varsity and
start in every match, for every year I've been in high school."

Fitchett found music about seven years ago and the attraction was immediate.

Like most guitar players, he was influenced by Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page, and it
just grew from there.

A few years ago, he attended a summer guitar session at Berklee College of Music
in Boston, Mass., where he developed an infatuation for blues and jazz music.

He began to follow the musical stylings of blues icons B.B.â[#x20ac][#x2c6]King,
Albert King and Stevie Ray Vaughan.

"I consider myself to be most fluent in blues guitar, though I love to play any
style, from jazz to pop," he said. "I really can't imagine myself doing anything
else."

Fitchett said that he practices about an hour a day during the school week and
as many as 6-7 hours a day during the weekend.

He's accomplished quite a bit in his short career.

"I've played in several bands over the years and I've written some original
music, but I haven't recorded any of it yet on disc," he said.

Fitchett has been a fixture at First Night celebrations, playing lead guitar in
several different bands.

Lately, he's developed his own Facebook page, Dylan Fitchett Music, which is
filled with songs that he's recorded.

"The toughest thing about guitar for me at this point is just writing something
I would consider to be good," he said. "I'm really overcritical of myself and
that extends to music I try to write, so it just takes a really long time for me
to write something satisfying."

So, which one is harder, serving out a match or playing in front of a packed
house?

For Fitchett, it's a toss-up.

"I don't think I could say one is tougher than the other because I'm at such a
different level in each," he said. "I'm not nearly as good of a tennis player as
I am a musician. Most of high school tennis has taken a back seat to music,
because I'm just far more interested in music and I see more career potential in
it.

"Tennis has always just been something fun and competitive to do with friends,"
he added. "Music has been something I want do for a living someday."

To see more of The Virginia Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://vagazette.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110507-1VG-Music-is-his-racquet-0507-20110507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2011 The Virginia Gazette


                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          January 20, 1999, Wednesday

SPTC senior men win title again, but only after a third tiebreaker

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 666 words



The St. Petersburg Tennis Center won its fourth consecutive south division
championship in senior men's 3.5 doubles, but not without some anxious moments.
   At the completion of the local U.S. Tennis Association/Florida Section Senior
Men's Doubles League last weekend, the SPTC and Racquet Club were tied in the
standings with one loss each. The SPTC had lost to Shipwatch and the Racquet
Club to SPTC.   Under the league's tiebreak structure, the fewest sets lost
during the season was the next criterion to be tabulated. Again, both teams tied
with 17. The third tiebreak criterion was fewest games lost in seven matches,
and this time the SPTC emerged the winner, having lost 138 to the Racquet Club's
160.   "We were delighted to hear the news that we were lucky enough to win,"
said Peter Spyers-Duran, SPTC captain. "This is our fourth year to win and we
have trained hard."   Spyers-Duran said he, Charles Dorrell, Jim Schroeder and
Nick Karamessinis have been the core of the team the last four years. Joining
with Michele Antoine, Fred DeJohn, Howard Rothstein and Doug Eadie, the eight
have formed a formidable squad.   Spyers-Duran and Dorrell play the No. 1
position, Karamessinis and Schroeder the No. 2, and the others rotate in the No.
3 position.   "We try to keep the teams consistent, not switching positions or
partners," added Spyers-Duran. "I think that helps us to better groom our
games."   The team regularly trains, and has progressed from the traditional
club player style of one up-one back strategy to a serve 'n' volley style
resulting in more aggressive play.    "I think it's remarkable we were able to
convince ourselves to give up that comfortable one up-one back style," said
Spyers-Duran. "We play more consistently and aggressively - and we're winning."
   SPTC now faces East Lake Woodlands, winner in the north division, in a best
two-of-three playoff beginning Feb. 6. The winner advances to the state
tournament in May in Delray Beach.   SUPER SENIORS: Spyers-Duran also is captain
of a Bardmoor team in the 60-and-over doubles league that began Tuesday. Joining
him as team captains in the south division are Karamessinis for one of the St.
Petersburg Tennis Center teams and Rothstein for another; James Kelly for one of
the Shipwatch Tennis Club teams and Avrom Heller for the other, and Edward
Kidston for the Renaissance Vinoy.   Matches continue on Tuesday afternoons
through March 23 with playoffs beginning the following Tuesday.   MIXED LEAGUES:
Eight teams began competition in the USTA/Florida Section District 12 Adult
Mixed Doubles League last month along with six in the Senior Mixed Doubles
League. Competition continues into March with winners advancing to the state
tournament April 22-26 in Palm Coast.   Serving as captains in the adult mixed
are Mickie Gelestor (Bardmoor), Bob Hagerman (Bardmoor), Michael Vitale
(Countryside), Marshall Craig (Racquet Club), Mary Jane Evertz (Shipwatch) and
Wendy Kall (Innisbrook). Senior captains include Virginia Mauldin (Bardmoor),
Frank Bellcourt (Bardmoor), Marshall Craig (Racquet Club), Debbie McGinley
(Innisbrook), Carol Levin (Safety Harbor Spa), Jake Voreis (Royal Racquet Club),
Gwen Hastings (Timber Pines) and Al Treichel (Timber Pines).   NTRP TOURNEY
WINNERS: Joan Simmons (4.0), David Drescher (4.0), Scott Johnston (3.5) and
Steve Talner (4.5) were singles winners in this month's National Tennis Rating
Program (NTRP) Winter Warmup at Royal Racquet Club in Clearwater. In all, 30
players competed in two women's singles skill-level divisions and four men's in
the state-sanctioned event.   CLEARWATER WINNERS: Three area players won singles
titles in this month's City Junior Championships in Clearwater. Alexandria Liles
won the girls 18-and-under, Michael Murray the boys 18s, and Sandro Petrovic the
boys 10s. Rachel Silverberg reached the girls 12 final, and both Kaeyla Kennedy
(16) and Sydnie Zillig (18) won consolation divisions.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Park Record (Park City, Utah)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 6, 2009 Saturday

Racquet Club poised to get millions: City Councilors endorse an ambitious
renovation of the aging facility

BYLINE: Jay Hamburger, Park Record, Park City, Utah

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


Jun. 6--In what was one of the most significant decisions during this year's
City Hall budget talks, the Park City Council on Thursday night endorsed an
ambitious renovation of the Racquet Club, essentially agreeing to set aside
$10.5 million to redo the aging Park Meadows facility.

The elected officials, who will not finalize the budget until later in June,
indicated City Hall staffers should press forward with new designs for the
building. But the City Councilors also indicated they want to revisit the $10.5
million earmark after the next ski season. They will by then have a broader
picture of City Hall's finances as the recession wears on.

Of the money earmarked for the Racquet Club, City Hall has $7.2 million in its
accounts already. The remaining $3.3 million would be generated through bonds.
The bonds would be paid off with sales taxes.

There has been a desire to make the upgrades for some time. The supporters in
the local government say the Racquet Club could be a nicer place than it is now
and Parkites who do not belong to a private-sector health club should have a
better municipal facility.

Ken Fisher, who manages City Hall's recreation services, said in an interview
most of the building will be razed, with the gymnasium, the aerobics studio,
some bathrooms and the pools remaining. The new building will have tennis
courts, a walking and jogging track, a climbing wall and expanded space for
weights and cardiovascular equipment. He wants work to start in spring 2010.

Detailed discussions about the designs will be held beforehand.

But there has been long-running opposition from Stanton Jones, the owner of
Silver Mountain Sports Club, who contends a redone Racquet Club would benefit
from taxpayer money but compete with his place. Silver Mountain has locations in
Prospector and Kimball Junction. Jones was a leading opponent of a failed 2001
City Hall ballot measure to pay for Racquet Club upgrades.

The City Council listened to testimony from Jones and others, with the opinions
split. Jones suggested the Racquet Club be renamed to sound more generic and
wondered whether it is smart to redo the Racquet Club during the recession. He
said it is difficult for a private-sector health club to compete with one that
receives public money.

"Everyone else has gone out of business," Jones said as he talked about other
local athletic clubs that have been shuttered.

Mayor Dana Williams was especially indignant when responding to Jones,
challenging recently published statements written by Jones about the Racquet
Club redo. The mayor charged Jones was using scare tactics and said Jones
misinterpreted the financial health of City Hall facilities.

City Councilors, meanwhile, said the work is important since the Racquet Club is
aging. City Councilman Joe Kernan said he hopes the Racquet Club and Silver
Mountain thrive. Roger Harlan, another City Councilman, said City Hall is right
to provide some public facilities like the Racquet Club and the library. He said
City Hall does not intend on competing with the private sector.

City Councilwoman Candy Erickson called herself a longtime supporter of the
facility. The work is necessary, she said.

"It needs major plastic surgery," she said.

Testimony was split on Thursday night, with a few supporters and opponents
speaking to the elected officials.

Steven Swanson said he wants the work undertaken, saying the Racquet Club is
beneficial since people of varying economic means can afford to use the
facility. But he said the building is in terrible condition.

"It's falling apart. It's really an embarrassment," Swanson said.

But Tom Hurd said City Hall should not be spending money unless it is needed for
safety or infrastructure.

"It shouldn't be going anywhere in these tough times," Hurd said.

To see more of the Park Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.parkrecord.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Park Record, Park City, Utah
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090606-QE-Racquet-Club-poised-to-get-millions-0606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QE


                                 Copyright 2009


                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Pa. Boys: Lower Moreland blanks Masterman, 5-0, in tennis

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS SPORTS; P-com Spt. H.S Pa.; Pg. E11

LENGTH: 559 words


Lower Moreland started down the road in defense of its PIAA Class AA team tennis
championship by beating District 12 champion Masterman, 5-0, in an opening-round
match at the Arthur Ashe Tennis Center in Manayunk yesterday.

Defending Class AA state singles champion Taylor Cohen paced the Lions at No. 1
singles with a 6-1, 6-1 win over Kenny Green.

Lower Moreland, the District 1 champion, will meet the winner of the
Loyalsock-Scranton Prep match in a quarterfinal match on Friday at Hershey
Racquet Club at 9:30 a.m.

PIAA Class AAA. Courtney Scott came through with a 6-2, 6-0 win at No. 1 singles
and sparked Lower Merion to a 4-1 win over Wilson-West Lawn, the No. 3 seed from
District 3, at Perkiomen Valley.

The Aces will take on either Clearfield or State College in a quarterfinal match
at Hershey Racquet Club on Friday at 2 p.m.

Radnor got a 6-2, 6-2 win from Francesco Grimaldi at No. 3 singles and the Red
Raiders eased past District 2 champion Abington Heights, 5-0, at Kirby Park in
Wilkes-Barre.

Radnor, the No. 3 seed from District 1, will meet either Allderdice or Upper St.
Clair in a quarterfinal match at Hershey Racquet Club on Friday at 6:30 p.m.

District 1 runner-up Great Valley got a 6-3, 6-7 (6-8), 6-3 win from Warren
Holmes and Tyler Hannig and dropped District 12 champion Central, 5-0, at Arthur
Ashe.

The Patriots will meet either Parkland or Hempfield in a quarterfinal match on
Friday at the Hershey Racquet Club at 5 p.m.

Council Rock North, the No. 4 seed from District 1, traveled to ELCO and dropped
District 3 champion Central York, 4-1.

Evan Cunningham and Brian Shackleford picked up a tough win at No. 1 doubles,
beating Neil Leshinsky and Adrian Takin, 6-7, 6-2, 7-6.

The Indians will play either Erie McDowell or Shady Side Academy in a
quarterfinal game at Hershey Racquet Club on Friday at 3:30.

Baseball The Bicentennial League ended the regular season in a three-way tie
after New Hope-Solebury and Lower Moreland knocked off the top two teams in the
league.

New Hope-Solebury got a two-run homer from Paul Bako and five hits from Matt
Maiorelli and beat Christopher Dock, 12-3, to pull into a tie with the Pioneers
and Holy Ghost Prep.

Jerry Dougherty struck out 11 and held Holy Ghost Prep to three hits as Lower
Moreland beat the visiting Firebirds, 3-2.

Brad Saitta singled and scored the winning run in the bottom of the seventh
inning on a single by Mike Grimaldi.

Catholic Blue. Andrew Luskin and Bill Stanley combined for a five-inning
no-hitter and led Archbishop Carroll past host West Catholic, 10-0.

Luskin pitched the first three innings and earned the win after striking out two
and walking two. Stanley finished up with four strikeouts and no walks.

Inter-Ac. Chris Gosik hit a two-run homer in the fourth inning for Malvern Prep
and the Friars clinched a tie for the league title with a 13-1 win over visiting
Episcopal Academy.

Suburban One American. Chris Connor belted a pair of home runs and helped
Methacton beat host Springfield (Montgomery County), 12-1, to clinch the league
title.

Lacrosse Rob Fitzpatrick scored the game-winning goal with 11 minutes, 38
seconds left in the third quarter and Episcopal Academy held off visiting Penn
Charter, 5-4, in an Inter-Ac League game.

John Gormley added a hat trick and Quakers' goalie Matthew Lerman stopped nine
shots in the final quarter.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          November 12, 2003 Wednesday

District play starts with several larger groups

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 859 words


The USA Tennis Florida District 12 opened its Senior Men's Doubles League this
month for 29 teams. The women's division follows suit Saturday with its 18
teams.

"We have bigger numbers this year with the 11 teams in the 3.5 division and
seven more in the 4.0," senior women's coordinator Judy Murphy said. "There are
four in the 3.0 and hope to have more. They don't start playing until January,
so maybe we'll get some more teams to enter. We hope to have another successful
season of competition."

On the senior men's side, first-year coordinator David Wisotsky has scheduled
three teams in the 3.0, 15 in three 3.5 subflights, eight divided into two 4.0
subflights and three in 4.5.

The Racquet Club of St. Petersburg served up a 3-0 victory in its first match in
the five-team 3.5 South division. Scoring straight-set wins were Steve Uebel and
Tony Damouny in No. 1, Ray Cianci and captain Bob Steele No. 2 and Don Campagna
and Vaughn Haight No. 3.

Rounding out the squad are Marshall Craig, Russ Barlow, David Laesser and Paul
Stewart.

A second Racquet Club team in the 3.5 Central division beat East Lake Woodlands
2-1 on the play of Lon Caffee and Paul Hagglund in No. 1 and George Roth and Jim
Nieset in No. 2.

Other players include captain Tom Shevlin, Gary Elliott, Jim Montgomery, Ted
Bodtmann, David Church and Marty Normile.

In the senior men's four-team 4.0 South, the Vinoy beat the Racquet Club in the
division's first match 2-1 with wins from David Pitt and Covington Sharp in No.
1 and Don Mathias and Nga Duong in No. 2. The Racquet Club's one point came from
captain Paul Tomey and Joseph Craig in No. 3 with a three-set win.

Saturday, the senior men's 4.5 serves up its first match of the season with
McMullen of Clearwater hosting the Phil Green Tennis Academy, while the St.
Petersburg Tennis Center has a bye and does not play.

"We're a fairly new team in the 50-and-over senior league," Feather Sound
Country Club 3.5 captain Charlotte Wheeler said. "We had two teams last year and
thought this year we could be more competitive if we pooled our players."

Joining Wheeler are co-captain Barbara Sealund, Maureen Barnum, Elaine Diloreto,
Carol Georges, Terry Huebner, Marguerite Rich, Alice Rogers, Pearl Schultz,
Paula Jackman and Cheryl Haigley.

Saturday, Feather Sound travels to Countryside Country Club, Bardmoor hosts East
Lake Woodlands, a second East Lake team is at McMullen, the St. Petersburg
Tennis Center hosts the Racquet Club and Innisbrook hosts Treasure Island Tennis
and Yacht Club. Heritage Springs has a bye.

The senior women's 4.0 begins next month for its seven teams.

"The senior league has always been fun with good competition and a lot of nice
players to meet," Treasure Island captain Jane Lee Cobb said.    New to the team
this year are Terri Kiefer, JoAnn Cowherd, Kay Lockhart and Patti Barfield,
along with Cobb, Joyce Rosner, Janice Stone, Linda Tyler, Shari Green, Margie
Scheidt, Marlene Mokracek and Darlene Winterrowd.

NET SHOTS: Treasure Island's Tom Grayson upset No. 1 seed Andy Gladsden of Anna
Maria in the men's 60-and-over singles division at the 25th Annual Fall Classic
in Venice. Grayson beat Gladsden 6-0, 6-4.

The Renaissance Vinoy clinched the women's 3.5 division in the USA Tennis League
District 12 Fall League. Vinoy tied with Countryside Country Club in wins and
losses (7-3) but the Vinoy edged Countryside in individual wins with 33,
compared to Countryside's 32.

Vinoy players include Anne Anderson, Diana Elias, Virginia Ward, Sharon Keegan,
Jayma Main and Berta Gilholm sharing the two singles positions and Cecelia
Vestergaard, Vicki Fox, Marion Foelgner, Wendy Whitt, Lisa Ulrich and captain
Suzanne Berns rotating in doubles with the singles players. Beth Frierson teamed
with JoJo Davis for a 4-0 record in No. 2 and No. 3 doubles and Lynne Newton and
Bard Andrews were 3-1 in No. 1.

Florida is offering a Super 70 Doubles League in both the men and women's
divisions. Each team will include three doubles teams. Contact Carol Levin
(797-8416) about the women's league and David Wisotsky (938-7902) the men.

MARK THE DATE: The 11th Annual Frenchy's Gumbo Tennis Classic is Nov. 21-23 at
the McMullen Tennis Center in Clearwater. The men's, women's and mixed doubles
competition, a benefit for Big Brothers Big Sisters of Pinellas County, kicks
off with its draw party Nov. 19 and includes a Kids' Fun Day and Prince Demo Day
Nov. 22, along with a silent auction through Nov. 22.

Deadline to enter is Friday. Call the center at 669-1919.

COMING UP: The Isla Del Sol Rookie Tournament is this weekend at Isla Del Sol
Country Club. Call Kevin Quay, 906-4752. The November Invitational is Nov. 21-24
at the Seminole Lake Tennis Center. Competition is in men's 35-and-older, 45,
55, 60 and open singles and doubles and in women's 45, 55 and 60 singles and
doubles. Call Krishnan Anandan, 394-1733, before Tuesday's deadline. Treasure
Bay Tennis is planning a camp for juniors, 6-years-old and older, Nov. 24-28.
The camp runs 9 a.m. to noon Mon.-Fri., with the exception of Thursday, at a $17
cost per day. Call Treasure Bay, 360-6062.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday

Business leader Rick Warner dies

BYLINE: Ray Grass and Steve Fidel Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 569 words


Richard L. (Rick) Warner passed away Tuesday, June 19, 2007. He was 83.

Mr. Warner probably will be best remembered as one of Utah's leading businessmen
and an accomplished athlete.

He once said, however, that while those things were important to him, he would
like most to be thought of for the way he treated people both in business and on
the (tennis) court.

At the age of 9, his father bought him a used tennis racquet for 75 cents. That
racquet would lead to a long and lustrous life in tennis.

Family members recall that wherever Mr. Warner traveled, he carried along a
tennis racquet, and that no matter the business at hand, "Dad managed to squeeze
in tennis."

He won his first tournament at the age of 15. He went on to play for East High
and later the University of Utah. He won numerous tennis titles, including gold
in the Utah Senior Games. He continued to play tennis up until his death. He
also was a state racquetball champion.

Mr. Warner's automotive career started in 1946 when he sold his first car, a
Ford, for what was then the Bennett Ford dealership. In 1964, he bought the
dealership and in 1971 renamed it Rick Warner Ford, thereby launching what was
to become the Warner dynasty.

While his loyalties remained with Ford, a long list of cars and light- and
heavy-duty trucks would fall under the Warner franchise, including Chrysler,
Plymouth, Nissan, Pontiac, Mazda and Toyota, Saturn, Lincoln, Mercury, Suzuki,
Yugo, Mitsubishi, Volvo, Chevrolet, Delorean, Maserati, Buick, Geo, Hyundai,
Sterling and LaForza.

In 1985, Time magazine named Mr. Warner a finalist for its Quality Dealer Award.

Mr. Warner's sister, Emma Lou Thayne, remembers a time when her older brother
found her crying on the schoolyard playground. He took her inside and convinced
the school that she should be promoted from kindergarten to first grade to be
with him.

"He was a salesman even then," she recalled.

Mr. Warner retired from the automotive business in 1995 to serve an LDS mission,
along with his wife, Marian, to Hawaii. Many of those who knew Mr. Warner called
their association one of their "most rewarding."

"Knowing Rick Warner was probably one of the more important times of my life,"
remembered Ellis Ivory, chairman of the board for the Deseret Morning News and
Mr. Warner's longtime tennis partner. "He taught me that it was possible to lead
a balanced life between church, family, friends and sports," said Ivory, adding
he hasn't talked to anyone who had anything other than kind words to say about
Mr. Warner.

Robert Garff, CEO of Garff Enterprises, said of Mr. Warner: "He was gracious as
a sponsor of many, many community things over the years. He always paid
attention to people. If I ranked community leaders and what he's done for this
community, he'd be up there with the best."

R. Lane Beattie, CEO of the Salt Lake Chamber and former president of the Utah
Senate, said Mr. Warner had a tremendous impact on the state's economy and added
that his influence will be felt for generations.

Mr. Warner is survived by his wife, Marian, nine children, 45 grandchildren and
nine great-grandchildren.

The viewing will be Sunday at Sunset Lawn, 2350 E. 1300 South, 6-8 p.m. The
funeral will be Monday at noon at the Monument Park Stake House, Wasatch Drive
and 1300 South. Friends may call one hour prior to services. Internment will be
in the Wasatch Lawn Cemetery. E-mail: grass@desnews.com; sfidel@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 8, 1987, Friday, City Edition

The area has plenty of places to get help from pro instructors

BYLINE: SUSAN BIDDLE JAFFE

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; Tennis; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



ST. PETERSBURG - The only way to improve your tennis game is to    spend more
time hitting tennis balls.

     To make sure you send the balls to the right place, consider    spending
some time with a professional instructor, either in private or    group lessons.


     Before starting a lesson program, think about what you want to work    on
and what type of situation you learn best in. Look for a pro who's
qualified and who you like.

     Private lessons, clinics and camps for adults and juniors are    available
throughout Pinellas County.

     The city of St. Petersburg has 77 lighted courts at 18 locations.

 Clearwater has 52 public courts. Both cities offer a variety of    programs,
including St. Petersburg's tournament tennis training program    for juniors.
For more information about programs sponsored by St.    Petersburg's Department
of Leisure Services, call Sue DeLong at    893-7754.

     Largo has only 16 public courts, but that city's department of    parks and
recreation sponsors plenty of tennis activities and lessons    for all age
groups and experience levels, as well as wheelchair tennis    practice and
tournaments. For more information call Mary Lacey at    584-8671, ext. 283.

     The county's smaller municipalities also have a variety of    programs,
including clinics and tournament play.

     For private club play, the Suncoast offers everything from the
semi-private to the exclusive. In many cases, lessons and clinics are    open to
non-club members.

     Particularly popular are after-school junior tennis programs. Some    of
the most popular programs are at the Bardmoor-Stearns Tennis Centre,    the
International Academy of Tennis at Paradise Island and Seminole    Lake Racquet
Club.

     Area clubs include:        Bardmoor Country Club/Bardmoor-Stearns Tennis
Centre: 8000 Bardmoor    Blvd., Largo, 392-1234;

     East Lake Woodlands Golf and Racquet Club: 301 East Lake Woodlands
Parkway, Clearwater, 785-2212;

     Feather Sound Country Club: 2222 Feather Sound Dr., St. Petersburg,
576-6666;

     Isla Del Sol: 6000 Sun Blvd., St. Petersburg, 864-2379;

     International Acadamy of Tennis Inc., 10315 Paradise Blvd.,    367-7661;

     Lakewood Country Club: 2000 Country Club Way S, St. Petersburg,
867-9105;

     Paradise Island Golf & Tennis Center: 10315 Paradise Blvd.,    Treasure
Island, 360-6062;

     Racquet Club of St. Petersburg: 170 47th Ave. NE, St. Petersburg,
527-6553;

     Seminole Lake Racquet Club: 6150 Augusta Blvd, Seminole, 392-6126;

     Shipwatch Tennis Club: 11800 Shipwatch Drive, Largo, 596-6862;

     Tennis Center of St. Petersburg: 650 18th Ave. S, St. Petersburg,
894-4378;

     Yacht & Tennis Club of St. Petersburg Beach: 9401 Blind Pass Rd.,    St.
Petersburg Beach, 367-2353.



 Tennis notes

    Entry forms are now available for the Lipton Iced Team mixed    doubles open
tennis tournament, to be held May 30-31 at the Bayhead    Complex in Largo. The
entry fee is $ 12 per team, plus one new can of    balls. No phone entries will
be accepted. For more information, go to    the Bayhead Complex, 375 Seminole
Blvd., Largo or call Mary Lacey    (584-8671, ext. 228).

     Seminole Lake Racquet Club in Seminole is celebrating its 10th
anniversary this weekend. The club is holding a doubles tournaments and
dinner-dance for members.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Lutz always improving and has title to prove it

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 656 words


Richard Vinton insisted he knew, way back when, that Jane Lutz had a chance to
be something special on the tennis court. He said he knew it more than a decade
ago when he started hitting tennis balls with her on weekends as she
relentlessly practiced perfecting her strokes.

He knew it all those years ago ... when Lutz was just establishing herself in
the Women's 65-Over division.

"I told her somewhat in jest, and somewhat seriously, that she would be big in
the 80s," Vinton recalled. "She is now big in the 80s."

How big?

Well, Lutz just won the USTA National Indoor title played in Portland, Ore. In
the final, Lutz came from a set down to beat the No. 1-ranked player in the
world in that age division to earn the gold tennis ball charm that is emblematic
of winning a national title.

"I am more proud of the fact that I finished first in all three divisions in my
age group this year," Lutz said.

That would be No. 1 in singles, No. 1 in doubles and No. 1 in team doubles. That
would mean that there is no one better in the U.S. than Lutz, who turns 80 next
month.

"I guess when you get to the 80s, if you can hold a racket you are doing well,"
Lutz said.

Lutz is far too modest. Her game might just be getting better with age.

Seeded second in the tournament, Lutz got to the final then took care of
top-seeded Rita Price of Colorado by winning 6-0, 6-2. The win will likely move
the former Sarasota High teacher up from her No. 4 international ranking.

She has clearly made a name for herself and has no plans of slowing down.

In November, she will captain the Florida team that will play in the National
Intersectionals in San Antonio, Texas.

Not bad for a woman who did not even take up tennis until she was in her 50s.

It was then that she and her husband, Joe, a former major league baseball player
and coach, starting playing the game at Sarasota High as something to do
together. Joe Lutz then bought his wife a tennis membership at the Sarasota Bath
and Racquet Club. "I started playing a lot more," Jane Lutz said.

Along the way, Jane Lutz met Vinton, a man who is known for giving his time
teaching youngsters the game of tennis and lessons in life. They began hitting
once a week and have kept it up over the years.

"He has really helped me with my game," Lutz said.

Lutz earned her doubles ranking because of her ability to play with different
partners and still win. Lutz and Marilyn Skiffington of Naples, her regular
partner, are ranked No. 1 as a team.

In singles, Lutz is now No. 1, Price is No. 2 and Sarasota's Nancy Stout in
ranked No. 3. Stout lost to Price in the semifinals at the National Indoors and
won a third-place playoff.

It has become more difficult for Lutz to maintain her tennis schedule. Her
husband became incapacitated from a stroke a couple of years ago, and Jane Lutz
has served as a care-giver around the clock. This week, Joe Lutz is in the
hospital after taking a turn for the worse.

Here's hoping Joe gets better soon and Jane keeps winning tennis matches.

USTA 50-Over nationals clay event begins Sunday

The draws are done and the players are preparing for the start of the USTA
50-Over National Clay Court Championships to be held at the Sarasota Bath and
Racquet Club.

All four semifinalists from a year ago are in the field, including 2007 champion
Mark Vines. The tournament begins Sunday and runs through Oct. 5.

Ross Persons is the current No. 1-ranked player in the 50s and is seeded second
in this tournament.

A new addition to the field this year is Andy McCurry, who grew up playing
tennis at the Bath and Racquet Club and teaches there. McCurry was one of the
top junior players in the area and played a few professional events. He has
overcome back injuries to return to playing tennis.

The tournament is open to the public at no charge. Call the Bath and Racquet
Club at (941) 921-6675 for more information.

Please send tennis news to mic.huber@heraldtribune

com or leave a message at (941) 361-4853.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Lutz always improving and has title to prove it

BYLINE: MIC HUBER

SECTION: SPORTS; TENNIS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 656 words


Richard Vinton insisted he knew, way back when, that Jane Lutz had a chance to
be something special on the tennis court. He said he knew it more than a decade
ago when he started hitting tennis balls with her on weekends as she
relentlessly practiced perfecting her strokes.

He knew it all those years ago ... when Lutz was just establishing herself in
the Women's 65-Over division.

"I told her somewhat in jest, and somewhat seriously, that she would be big in
the 80s," Vinton recalled. "She is now big in the 80s."

How big?

Well, Lutz just won the USTA National Indoor title played in Portland, Ore. In
the final, Lutz came from a set down to beat the No. 1-ranked player in the
world in that age division to earn the gold tennis ball charm that is emblematic
of winning a national title.

"I am more proud of the fact that I finished first in all three divisions in my
age group this year," Lutz said.

That would be No. 1 in singles, No. 1 in doubles and No. 1 in team doubles. That
would mean that there is no one better in the U.S. than Lutz, who turns 80 next
month.

"I guess when you get to the 80s, if you can hold a racket you are doing well,"
Lutz said.

Lutz is far too modest. Her game might just be getting better with age.

Seeded second in the tournament, Lutz got to the final then took care of
top-seeded Rita Price of Colorado by winning 6-0, 6-2. The win will likely move
the former Sarasota High teacher up from her No. 4 international ranking.

She has clearly made a name for herself and has no plans of slowing down.

In November, she will captain the Florida team that will play in the National
Intersectionals in San Antonio, Texas.

Not bad for a woman who did not even take up tennis until she was in her 50s.

It was then that she and her husband, Joe, a former major league baseball player
and coach, starting playing the game at Sarasota High as something to do
together. Joe Lutz then bought his wife a tennis membership at the Sarasota Bath
and Racquet Club. "I started playing a lot more," Jane Lutz said.

Along the way, Jane Lutz met Vinton, a man who is known for giving his time
teaching youngsters the game of tennis and lessons in life. They began hitting
once a week and have kept it up over the years.

"He has really helped me with my game," Lutz said.

Lutz earned her doubles ranking because of her ability to play with different
partners and still win. Lutz and Marilyn Skiffington of Naples, her regular
partner, are ranked No. 1 as a team.

In singles, Lutz is now No. 1, Price is No. 2 and Sarasota's Nancy Stout in
ranked No. 3. Stout lost to Price in the semifinals at the National Indoors and
won a third-place playoff.

It has become more difficult for Lutz to maintain her tennis schedule. Her
husband became incapacitated from a stroke a couple of years ago, and Jane Lutz
has served as a care-giver around the clock. This week, Joe Lutz is in the
hospital after taking a turn for the worse.

Here's hoping Joe gets better soon and Jane keeps winning tennis matches.

USTA 50-Over nationals clay event begins Sunday

The draws are done and the players are preparing for the start of the USTA
50-Over National Clay Court Championships to be held at the Sarasota Bath and
Racquet Club.

All four semifinalists from a year ago are in the field, including 2007 champion
Mark Vines. The tournament begins Sunday and runs through Oct. 5.

Ross Persons is the current No. 1-ranked player in the 50s and is seeded second
in this tournament.

A new addition to the field this year is Andy McCurry, who grew up playing
tennis at the Bath and Racquet Club and teaches there. McCurry was one of the
top junior players in the area and played a few professional events. He has
overcome back injuries to return to playing tennis.

The tournament is open to the public at no charge. Call the Bath and Racquet
Club at (941) 921-6675 for more information.

Please send tennis news to mic.huber@heraldtribune

com or leave a message at (941) 361-4853.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Philippoussis tops Agassi in S.L.

LENGTH: 504 words


By Mike Sorensen

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - The PowerShares Series tennis circuit, which came to Utah for
the second straight year, featured some outstanding shots by a few tennis
legends, but the evening was just as much about fun as Andre Agassi and company
entertained the crowd with their talk Tuesday night at the Huntsman Center.

In the end, the winner was 38-year-old Mark Philippoussis, a former Wimbledon
and U.S. Open finalist from Australia, who defeated Andre Agassi 7-6.
Philippoussis came back to win the tiebreaker 7-4, taking the final four points,
two with aces.

Earlier in the evening, Philippoussis had defeated James Blake 6-3, while Agassi
dispatched Jim Courier by the same score.

In the final, Agassi broke the strings on the last of the rackets he brought, so
in the middle of the 11th game with the score tied 5-5, Agassi walked over and
grabbed a racket out of Philippoussis' bag to finish the match much to the
delight of the crowd.

"The scariest thought I had was 'Oh my gosh this guy's going to beat me with my
own racket,'" Philippoussis said afterward. But in the end, Philippoussis'
rocket serves were too much for Agassi.

"It was a lot of fun trying to chase down some of his shots," said Agassi. "A
match like this could go either way, but it was a great time."

This was the first event of the 12-city tour that runs until May, and was billed
as the first-ever tennis event to exclusively use line-calling systems in place
of linespeople. All line-calling responsibilities were decided by the Hawkeye
Officiating system with players having unlimited challenges during the match.

Players had to call their own lines, but were able to challenge. While it put
more pressure on the players, they had fun with it.

On the very first point of the Blake-Philippoussis match, Blake put his hands up
like he didn't see the serve. Later Philippoussis hit a shot way out and
immediately yelled "challenge." Several times players would challenge shots
after being egged on by the crowd. Only a couple of challenges were upheld.

On set point of the first match, Philippoussis told Blake he'd give him "five
bucks" if could get a racket on his first serve. Then he promptly hit a serve
off the top of his racket that flew into the curtains covering the upper bowl of
the arena, as the crowd howled.

Agassi and Courier, who are both 44 years old and former world No. 1 players,
have been playing each other since they were teenagers and they had fun with
each other throughout their match.

After serving an ace past Courier, Agassi quipped "You used to be so much
better." On the very next point, Courier sent a screaming return forehand past
him and said, "How's that?"

In the end, the PowerShares event brought some outstanding tennis and
entertainment to Utah.

"The objective is to come out here and play tennis where people don't get a
chance to see it professionally and have a great time," Agassi said. "Hopefully
we can inspire another generation of kids to enjoy tennis."

EMAIL: sor@deseretnews.com

TWITTER: sorny8

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 30, 1992, Thursday

Szabo expecting to collect more than racket this time

BYLINE: By D.W. Pine STAFF WRITERsports; competition; personalities; interviews;
profiles

SECTION: EXTRA; Section G; Page 9

LENGTH: 538 words


Smyrna's Steve Szabo held a winning raffle ticket in last year's Pizza Hut
Racquetball Challenge, an annual Atlanta event pitting some of the world's top
racquetball players.

The ticket won him a racket.

Unfortunately for Szabo, his old racket didn't hold the same amount of luck, as
he was quickly eliminated from the men's B division.

Szabo, 25, is seeded fourth in the men's A division in this weekend's 7th Annual
Pizza Hut Racquetball Challenge at the Atlanta Sporting Club. This time he looks
to bring home more than just a door prize.

"I can buy my own racket," said Szabo, a software engineer for U.S. Sprint in
Atlanta, "but I can't buy a trophy."

Szabo, who turned to racquetball three years ago when "weightlifting started to
bore me," competes in about 20 tournaments around the southeast each season. A
power player, Szabo is somewhat hesitant to enter the men's open division.

"Sometimes my power lets me make mistakes, but the competition (in the open
divison) is extremely fierce this season," said Szabo, who conducts a beginning
racquetball clinic in Tucker and is the managing editor for the Georgia State
Racquetball Association's semi-monthly newsletter. "I'm not going to enter it
until I know I can win it - maybe by the end of the year."

In just three seasons, Szabo has moved up a few notches within the sport. In
1990, he won the men's C division doubles and the mixed doubles at the state
amateurs. In the 1991 Georgia Games, he won the men's B division by fending off
three opponents in tiebreakers from the quarterfinals to the finals.

More than 200 players will compete in the Challenge, which kicks off today with
pro qualifying. The first round of pro competition starts at 10 a.m. Friday, and
the amateurs start at 3 p.m. The finals are Sunday at 1:30 p.m. Tickets for
tournament players are $ 7 ($ 10 for non-players) and may be reserved by calling
636-7575.

Marietta's Kim Russell will be competing in the women's pro division, the
highest level in the sport.

Michelle Gilman, ranked no. 1 in the world by the Women's Professional
Racquetball Association (WPRA), will use her 150-mph serve to defend her women's
pro title. More than 60 of the world's best women racquetball professionals and
hundreds of amateurs will compete. Absent from the event however, are perennial
champions Caryn McKinney, the tournament's coordinator, and Lynn Adams, now
retired due to health reasons. Aside from Gilman, McKinney and Adams, no other
women has won the Pizza Hut Challenge.

"I've always been the organizer, so that hasn't changed," said McKinney, nursing
an Achilles' tendon injury. "Now I'll have a little more time on my hands
without the stress of competing. What I won't get to do a lot of is watch. That
really makes you want to play."

McKinney added that Gilman, who defeated Adams in the 1990 finals, is part of
the next generation.

"This will be the first year it'll be only the next generation," said McKinney.
"It's neat to see the turnover. Some players are ecstatic we're not going to be
in there. I've got calls like, 'how's your Achilles' heel?' It's fine, I tell
them, but I won't be able to play. 'That's too bad,' they say. I can just feel
the punch of sincerity."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Steve Szabo, a Smyrna native, gets in a little practice recently
at the Tucker Fitness Center / TAMI L. CHAPPELL / Special

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 4, 2002 Wednesday

League attracting many competitors

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 790 words


USA League Tennis is in full swing with action this weekend in senior men's
doubles, senior women's doubles and mixed doubles in adult and senior divisions.

In all, 27 senior men's teams are divided into three playing levels, 19 senior
women's in two levels, eight adult mixed in two levels and five senior mixed
squads.

For many players, league schedules make playing simple with prearranged
opponents, times and sites.

Competition for others is a means of relaxing after a day of work and other
responsibilities.

The majority of players, say the leagues are fun, the social quality is an added
feature and there always is the hope of qualifying for that coveted next level,
perhaps even a trip to a national championship.

"Our team basically plays because we enjoy it and, despite our ages, we are
still quite competitive," said Don Wheeler, captain of the Renaissance Vinoy 4.0
senior men's squad.

"We always strive to make it to the playoffs. We just missed getting to the
district playoffs last year and hope to do better this year," he said.

Wheeler's group of nine opened the season in the 4.0 South division with 2-1 win
over the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg and a 2-1 loss to Seminole Lake Tennis
Center.

Scoring victories were Nga Duong and Don Mathias at No. 1 and Patrick Dines and
Covington Sharp against the Racquet Club. Duong and Mathias won in the No. 2
slot against Seminole.

"This is just our second year in the 4.0 division," Wheeler said.

"Two years ago, this basic same team advanced to the senior 3.5 regionals, and
some of us were then bumped up to 4.0. We're really just getting our feet wet in
the 4.0."

Rounding out the Vinoy squad are Norm Ott, Richard Graff, Bruce Sadler and
William Simmers.

The Vinoy, with a bye this week, will play McMullen II Dec. 14 in Clearwater.

When George Pequignot and mixed doubles partner Hedy Hunyady had difficulty
forming a team for the USA adult league, they changed home base.

This year, Pequignot captains an eight-player 7.5 senior mixed squad housed at
Treasure Island Golf, Tennis and Recreation Center.

"I think we all play for the fun of playing while always trying to do our best,"
Pequignot said.

"We have a couple of other doubles teams like Diane and Roger Pryor that have
played together for a long time."

The TI Rec squad opens this weekend against the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg.

Other TI Rec players are Charlotte Sterling, Brenda Freedland, Jerrie McCullough
and Linda Riffe.

Micki Gelestor is no newcomer to USA League Tennis, and this season is no
different.

Gelestor is playing on the 7.5 adult and senior mixed doubles teams at Bardmoor
Golf and Tennis Club and the 4.0 senior women's squad.

This spring, Gelestor again will participate on the adult women's team at
Bardmoor. The K-Swiss flex league rounds out her intense schedule.

"Tennis is definitely a stress release for me," Gelestor said. "I work five days
a week and when I get off, I head to the tennis courts."

Gelestor is captain of the 7.5 adult mixed squad, which faces the Racquet Club
this weekend in the season opener.

"We were in the playoffs two years ago in the 7.5, then moved up to 8.5,"
Gelestor said. "Last year, we probably won about half our matches in 8.5, but
we're in the 7.5 this year.

"We have a lot of the same players from before, and many of those are also on
the Bardmoor senior mixed team."

Joining Gelestor on Bardmoor's 7.5 adult team are her husband, John;  Gale and
Larry Nickerson, Angela and Tom Lincicome, Rhonda Thompson, Mary Jane Evertz,
John Beda, Mike Carrigan and Les Spang.

NET SHOTS: Danielle Collins of St. Petersburg won the girls 10-and-under singles
title in last weekend's Turkey Bowl Super Series at Cheval Country Club in Lutz.

Second-seeded Philip Barlow of Indian Rocks Beach captured the boys 16 crown.
Tampa's Joel Samaha, who trains at Seminole Lake Tennis Center, was a finalist
in the 14 division.

Collins added a second girls 10 singles title with a victory in the Thanksgiving
Junior Championships in Bradenton.

St. Petersburg's Anthony Barrancotto was a finalist in boys 12, as was boys 14
No. 1 Nicholas Smith of Tierra Verde.

Molly Smith, Tierra Verde, won the girls 10 consolation draw.Lauren Saltiel
reached the 16 third round, and her younger brother, Alexander, played to the
boys 10 quarterfinal.

Lindsay Dvorak is No. 5 in the girls 12 class of the U.S. National Open
Championships in Plantation.

Today in the South Pinellas Ladies Doubles League, Treasure Island Rec plays
Shipwatch Blue and St. Petersburg Country Club faces the Vinoy in the first
round of the 3.5-4.0 division playoffs.

Next week, SPCC plays host to TI Rec and the Vinoy meets Shipwatch Blue for the
final round.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Island figure skaters in fine form at right time; Maekawas off to Four
Continents, while others aim for nationals

BYLINE: Cleve Dheensaw, Times Colonist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 644 words


They can get overshadowed on an Island better known for producing ample loads of
Summer Olympians. But there are athletes in winter sports here, too, and they
are doing alright-especially in figure skating. There is a thriving skating
community on the Island as evidenced by the large crowds that turn out at
Save-on-Foods Memorial Centre whenever Skate Canada International or the
national championships are held here and when the Winter Olympians of Stars on
Ice make their annual pilgrimage to Blanshard.

So it's not surprising that a healthy contingent of Island figure skaters have
advanced to upcoming competitions.

Chief among them are the Victoria brother and sister ice-dance duo of
21-year-old Leonardo and 19-year-old Pilar Maekawa, who have qualified alongside
the world's big guns for the prestigious 2014 Four Continents from Jan. 20-26 in
Taiwan.

Victor Kraatz Arena in Parksville is named in honour of Kraatz, who with
Shae-Lynn Bourne, won a world title and placed fourth at the 1998 Nagano and
2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympics. The Maekawas are the next thing in ice
dance out of the Island and recently went to Detroit to receive their
choreography from Marina Zueva, who coaches and choreographs the 2010 Vancouver
Winter Games champion Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir. It was a heady experience to
be with the world's best.

"Tessa and Scott have such a human spirit," said Leonardo Maekawa, who trains
with his sister at the UVic Ian Stewart Complex with the Racquet Club of
Victoria.

The Maekawas are the national champions of their birthplace Mexico and narrowly
missed qualifying for the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.

"We're still very fresh [in the established order of world ice dance]," noted
Leonardo, who with his sister have set their sights on the 2018 Winter Games in
Pyeongchang, South Korea.

Kraatz spent his formative years training under JeanWestwood on the Oak Bay Rec
Centre's ice sheet, which is now home to Amanda Wright. The 17-year-old Oak Bay
Figure Skating Club performer is another Island skater on the rise and is one of
four skaters to have qualified out of the recent B.C. championships in Richmond
in the women's Novice division for the Skate Canada Challenge, which runs today
through Sunday in Regina. The top-18 from Regina advance to the junior division
of the Canadian championships Jan. 9-15 in Ottawa.

"Amanda is a beautiful, elegant skater and she has charisma," said Daniela
Keller, who coaches Wright, along with Jamie and Katrena McGrigor.

"Amanda is also a very strong skater. She's got the whole package. Now she has
to show all that off there [Regina]. We believe she will do very well."

As an indication of the level at which the McGrigors operate, Jamie is judging
this week at the Grand Prix Final in Fukuoka, Japan, while Katrena will be
working the Olympic figure skating venue next year at Sochi with the
broadcasting unit, identifying the skaters during competition for the various
nations' TV feeds.

Meanwhile, others qualified for the Skate Canada Challenge in Regina this week
include the Pre-Novice pairs duos of Tessa Jones and Matthew den Boer from the
Racquet Club, and Sarah Kedves of Fuller Lake and Lucas Pallard of Nanaimo. Also
qualified is the Pre-Novice dance team of Karlissa Lem from the Racquet Club and
Le Vu from Juan de Fuca.

They were part of the Island group Deena Beacom, Racquet Club director of
skating, took recently to Edmonton to skate with Canadian women's champion
Kaetlyn Osmond and Osmond's coach Ravi Walia.

"These skaters are all like-minded in their focus and their goals," said Racquet
Club coach Matt Willis, who will coach all the Island Pre-Novice skaters in
Regina this week before guiding the Maekawas next month at the Four Continents.

"They are thick as thieves and all get along well. That's important in our
sport, where tension is disruptive."

cdheensaw@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darren Stone, Times Colonist; Amanda Wright hopes to soar at the Skate
Canada Challenge this weekend in Regina.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Guardian (London) - Final Edition

                                October 7, 2005

How and why: New technology could help prolong Peter Nicol's squash career

SECTION: Guardian Sport Pages, Pg. 12

LENGTH: 175 words


In the past 15 years, racket technology has made squash a much faster and more
attacking game. Frames made from materials such as boron, graphite and kevlar
offer players greater power and

control, meaning points are more often won by whichever player attacks first. To
help him adapt to this, Britain's former world champion and world No1 Peter
Nicol is using a new racket

designed to widen the sweet spot and reduce the chance of mishits, particularly
when the ball is close to the wall. This greater responsiveness in the racket
strings' outer areas is, Nicol reckons, one of the most significant design
improvements in recent years and could help prolong the 32-year-old's career.

Nicol first used the Prince 03 Tour racket in July in the World Games in
Germany, beating world champion Thierry Lincou in a one-sided final. He then won
the English Open in Sheffield in August, again without dropping a game all
tournament.

He will hope his resurgence continues in the British Open, which starts in
Manchester on Sunday.


LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             April 18, 2003 Friday
                           The Daily Journal Edition

Volusia tennis group plans tournament

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: A; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 356  words


In celebration of May as National Tennis Month, the Greater Volusia Tennis
Network has announced the Metro Tennis Championships.

The month-long event is open to all Volusia, Flagler and Putnam County residents
and is being sponsored by both the City of Daytona Beach Leisure Services and
Florida Tennis Center.

The event will benefit the Tennis Network, a tax-exempt organization that
promotes tennis in Volusia, Flagler and Putnam counties.

Early round matches will be played at Brandywine Health & Fitness Club, City
Island Tennis Center, Derbyshire Tennis Complex, Deland Country Club, Earl Brown
Tennis Center, Grand Haven Racquet Club, Oceans Racquet Club, Oceanside Country
Club, Ormond Beach Tennis Center, Palm Coast Players' Club, Pelican Bay Country
Club, Port Orange Tennis Park, Racquet Tennis Center, Spruce Creek Country Club,
Tomoka Oaks Country Club and the Trails Tennis Club.

The semi-final and final matches in each of the various divisions will be played
at the Florida Tennis Center June 7-8.

Entry fee is $20 for adults and $10 for juniors, which covers entry into three
events. Entry forms are available at local tennis clubs. A form can be printed
from the Tennis Network Website, www.daytonatennis.com.

Deadline to enter is at 5 p.m. May 7. All entry forms, along with entry fees,
can be mailed to The Tennis Network, P.O. Box 731257, Ormond Beach, FL.
32173-1257 or they can be turned in at the Florida Tennis Center.

A player kickoff registration party is scheduled from 3 to 6 p.m. May 10, at the
Florida Tennis Center. It will be the official tournament sign-in where
participants will receive first-round match times and a tournament T-shirt.

More than 90 championship trophies will be awarded to winners and finalists in
the following divisions:

* Family -- Husband/Wife, Father/Son, Father/Daughter, Mother/ Son,
Mother/Daughter, Sister/Sister, Brother/Brother, Sister/Brother

* Adults -- Men, Women, Singles, Doubles and Mixed in Open, 35, 45, 55 and 65

* NTRP -- Men, Women, Singles, Doubles in 35, 45, 55 and 65 and in Mixed 5.5,
6.5, 7.5 8.5, 9.5

* Juniors -- Boys, Girls, Singles, Doubles and Mixed in ages 8- 18.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             October 9, 2006 Monday

Pitt-Jolie rickshaw ride draws crowds

SECTION: Z_BRUNCH_ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 400 words


Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, in India to shoot scenes for a movie about slain
journalist Daniel Pearl, went on an autorickshaw ride with their 5-year-old son
Sunday.

The couple were chased by photographers, cameramen and reporters, forcing them
to turn back after a 20-minute ride that took them past stores in downtown Pune,
in western India.

Several traffic signals slowed their short rickshaw ride. At every red light,
security men traveling in a rickshaw behind jumped out and surrounded the
three-wheeler to prevent the media from snapping pictures of Pitt and Jolie.

They then returned to the Le Meridian hotel, where they have been holed up since
arriving Thursday.

Security for the star couple has been tight since their arrival in Pune by
private jet along with their children Maddox, 5, Zahara, 18 months and
4-month-old Shiloh Nouvel Jolie-Pitt.

On Saturday, one of Pitt's and Jolie's bodyguards manhandled a British
photographer as he tried to take their picture at the hotel, an incident caught
on video by an Indian television station.

The couple are reportedly scheduled today to start shooting scenes for ''A
Mighty Heart,'' in which Jolie plays Pearl's widow, Mariane.

The movie is based on an adaptation of Mariane Pearl's book, ''A Mighty Heart:
The Brave Life and Death of My Husband Danny Pearl,'' and will be co-produced by
Plan B, a production company founded by Pitt and his ex-wife, actress Jennifer
Aniston.

Graf buys Agassi's rackets at Vegas benefit

Andre Agassi almost lost a grip on two special rackets at a benefit auction
before his wife, Steffi Graf, bought them for $360,000.

In the live auction before Agassi's 11th Grand Slam for Children on Saturday at
the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, the tennis star was almost ready to
donate the racket with which he won his first professional match, and the racket
he used in his final U.S. Open just weeks ago.

Bidding topped $320,000 before Graf, one of the most celebrated players in
women's tennis, intervened.

''Those rackets are supposed to stay with us,'' she said after making the final
bid.

Agassi offered the next highest bidder a free tennis lesson.

''It's all crazy money, so thank you,'' he said from the stage.

In all, $8.6 million was raised at the benefit for underprivileged, abused and
at-risk children in Las Vegas, Agassi's hometown. Agassi called it ''an amazing
night in an amazing year.''

| -- Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 11, 1989, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

MINNESOTA

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C



Hart Johnson of St. Paul and Todd Stead of Eden Prairie defeated Michael Locker
of Duluth and Brett Stinson of Minneapolis 10-15, 15-10, 11-5 for the state
racquetball doubles title at the Hiway 100 Racquet Swim and Health Club in
Brooklyn Center. Lynn Cardwell of St. Paul and Gina Waldron of White Bear Lake
defeated Margaret Hill of St. Louis Park and Connie Gebhart of St. Paul 15-9,
15-9 in the women's final.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 18, 1988, Monday, City Edition

Bank sues to foreclose on Gulf Island condos // 13 investors stopped paying on
mortgages, lender claims

BYLINE: ALAN GOLDSTEIN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 967 words

DATELINE: HUDSON



HUDSON - A Louisiana lender to the Gulf Island Resort and Racquet    Club
project has sued to foreclose the mortgages on 13 condominium    investors,
court records show.

     The lawsuits, filed July 1 by Twin Cities Savings Bank of West    Monroe,
La., seek more than $ 2.1-million in principal and interest on    condominiums
in the first tower at Gulf Island, the only one of three    ever occupied.

     The suits are further evidence of trouble at the Gulf Island    project,
planned as an exclusive resort the likes of the Saddlebrook    Golf & Tennis
Resort in Central Pasco, but in fact the site of rental    apartments for 20
mostly middle-class families.

     In all, 323 units were built in the three stark, white buildings on    the
Gulf of Mexico, which range in height from five to nine stories in    various
sections. A fourth building was never started.

     Owners once estimated the whole project, begun in February 1983,    would
eventually be worth $ 60-million.

     Now, rumors about the project abound at both extremes, that it will    be
bought by new investors and gussied up or that it will simply be    demolished
because it can never succeed.

     "It's put a damper on the Hudson economy," said King Helie, a    N Hudson
planning consultant. "Everyone said Gulf Island would get    things going, but
it's just been a white elephant."

     A Twin Cities official referred all questions to a lawyer in    Atlanta,
Patrick McGeehan, who said he was "not at liberty to discuss    pending
litigation." Another Twin Cities lawyer in Tampa also declined    to comment.

     In 1986, various investors from Texas, Oklahoma and Colorado bought    55
units in the first building from Dallas businessman Arnold McKinney    in
separate deals worth more than $ 5.4-million.

     The investors received documents indicating a real-estate    investment
trust controlled by McKinney would buy back the units within    six months for
the amount owed to the lender, Twin Cities Savings.

     But investors seeking to exercise that right were disappointed. No
buy-backs have been recorded by the county. So many of the investors -
feeling their arrangements were breached - simply stopped making    payments.

     "They said it was a no-lose deal," said Thomas Craig Glendenning,    a
Celina, Texas, real-estate investor who bought four of the units and    has
never visited Hudson. Glendenning said he could not sell the units.

     "The pictures I saw, it looked like a pretty nice place," said
Glendenning, who was told the nearest town was Clearwater. "But I    don't
really know."

     Meanwhile, the county has steadily dropped its appraisals on the    units.
For example, one of Glendenning's units purchased for $ 160,000    is now
appraised for $ 80,381, records show. Appraised value is    generally less than
market price, but the difference is rarely so    great.

     "Why buy there when you can buy just as nice a property, on a    white,
sandy beach in Pinellas County, for less?" said Pasco Property    Appraiser Ted
Williams, who has long maintained the project should    never have been built.

     Real-estate experts have said the project suffered for a number of
reasons, despite its choice Gulf view. The explanations include
indiscriminate pricing, a remote location away from commercial    development,
and poor access to U.S. 19 on a narrow two-lane road.

     When the condominium idea failed, the owner of the first building,
Harbor Lights Venture Inc., started renting unfurnished apartments. The    units
are among 48 McKinney had carpeted.

     The other two buildings at Gulf Island have been involved in a    complex
foreclosure lawsuit in federal court that involves several    Louisiana savings
and loans taken over by regulators.

     Williams said those two buildings show signs of serious water    damage and
deterioration, despite efforts to maintain them. He said    repairs would cost
at least $ 20,000 per unit.

     Rental agents for Gulf Island could not be reached last week. In    the
past, they had said apartments were renting for between $ 425 and    $ 600 per
month. But Williams said most units actually rent for less    than $ 400 per
month.

     Despite the financial morass, life there is pretty good, residents    say.
They talk of glorious Gulf sunsets, sailing and lots of quiet. "I    like not
having too many people around," said resident Donna Stevens.

     "I'll look over from the swimming pool, sitting here with a beer,    and
see porpoises go by," said Tom Kinsella, a resident who works for    the Pasco
County Sheriff's Office.

     But, Kinsella said, it gets eerie sometimes. "Late at night,    spotlights
shine on the buildings and there's not a soul around," he    said. "That's when
it feels like a ghost town."



 A question of worth

 Pasco Property Appraiser Ted Williams says the luxury condomium units    at
Gulf Island Resort in Hudson are worth far less than investors paid    for them
two years ago. Here are some examples:    Unit   Purchase price    Appraised
value    110A         $ 128,000            $ 74,832    201A         $ 136,000
            $ 76,219    309A         $ 175,000            $ 77,607    510A
         $ 160,000            $ 80,381    112A         $ 176,000            $
89,336

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE CHART; Condominiums at Gulf
Island Resort and Racquet Club in Hudson; chart lists purchase prices, appraised
values of some condos at Gulf Island

                            Times Publishing Company


                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 16, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Germain G. Glidden, 85, Athlete and Portraitist

BYLINE: By FRANK LITSKY

SECTION: Section C;  Page 13;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 395 words


Germain Green Glidden, a national squash racquets champion, painter, muralist,
cartoonist and founder in 1959 of the National Art Museum of Sport, died last
Tuesday in Norwalk (Conn.) Hospital. He was 85 and lived in the Silvermine area
of Norwalk.

Mr. Glidden was born in Binghamton, N.Y.; raised in Englewood, N.J., and
educated at Phillips Exeter Academy and Harvard.

His national titles in squash racquets included the intercollegiates (1935 and
1936), singles (1936, 1937 and 1938, retiring undefeated), doubles (1952) and
veterans (1953, 1955 and 1956, again retiring undefeated).

After college, he studied at the Art Students League and the Metropolitan Museum
of Art.

During World War II, he served as a naval officer in Hawaii teaching instant
recognition of planes and surface ships. He then became a portrait artist.

His works are displayed in the Churchill Library, the Fogg Art Museum and the
national halls of fame of baseball, basketball and tennis. The National Art
Museum of Sport commissioned his portraits of Presidents Ronald Reagan and
George Bush.

The National Art Museum of Sport resided rent free at Madison Square Garden from
1969 to 1978.

It is now based in Indianapolis, although many of its paintings, sculptures,
prints and photographs have been shown around the nation.

Its exhibits have included Ruth May's oil painting of Sam Snead teeing off,
Stanley Martineau's five-foot-tall sculpture of Bob Cousy in the air, George
Wesley Bellows's painting of Jack Dempsey being knocked out of the ring by Luis
Firpo, Frederic Remington's painting of a touchdown in a Yale-Princeton football
game and Mr. Glidden's portraits of Peggy Fleming, Dorothy Hamill and Ivan
Lendl.

In 1936, Mr. Glidden married Anna Louise Escher of Englewood, N.J. She died in
1987. He is survived by three daughters, Pamela Zapata of New York, Christine
Glidden of New Canaan, Conn., and Dianna Glidden of Santa Cruz, Calif., and two
grandsons.

Mr. Glidden once said squash racquets taught him about the demands of life.

"It furnishes something of an individual adventure," he said, "almost like going
into a prize ring. When you go into a four-walled room or court and shut the
door behind you, you know that someone will have to come out a winner. You soon
learn what the pressure of competition means, and to me that is a vital part of
living."


http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Germain G. Glidden

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Germain Green Glidden, a squash racquets champion and artist.
(Bachrach, 1970)


TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 13, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SQUASH AFICIONADOS UNITE TO BUY THREATENED SOUTHPORT CLUB

BYLINE: By Edward B. Fiske; Edward B. Fiske, a resident of Greens Farms and the
education editor for The New York Times, writes about squash occasionally.

SECTION: Section 11CN; Page 1, Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1806 words


IN the grand scheme of things, the announced demise of the Southport Racquet
Club could hardly be construed as an earth-shaking event. Still, it was the sort
of news that comes so suddenly, so out of the blue, that people tend to remember
where they were when they heard it.

''Compared to major events in the world, this had a greater impact on my life,''
said Barry Chiverton, who was in the locker room when he got the word. ''That
may sound petty, but that's the level that most of us live on.''

As for myself, I was strolling through the annual antique show at the local hunt
club when a friend came up to me and said: ''Did you hear that Don Lord has sold
the squash club? They're turning it into an office building.'' I was
dumbfounded.

''I felt like I had been kicked right in the stomach,'' said Moo Peale, who as
membership secretary had the job of conveying the news at the front desk to lots
of players as they arrived. ''It was a real emotional thing. People stood at the
desk and burst into tears.''

All of which goes a long way toward explaining why, five days after it died on
June 1, the Southport Racquet Club was reborn, phoenixlike, as the Southport
Athletic Club.

Squash racquets was imported to the United States from England in the early 20th
century. It thrived almost exclusively in Ivy League and other prestigious
colleges and private clubs until the 1970's, when commercial facilities began
opening in major cities, substantially broadening its appeal. The game is played
by hitting a small rubber ball about the size of a golf ball around a court that
is 18 1/2 feet by 32 feet, using a racquet that is about the size of a badminton
racquet, though much sturdier.

Like basketball, squash is an ultimate urban game - fast, visceral,
intellectually challenging. It requires relatively little space, and in 30 to 45
minutes you can get a vigorous workout and then go on about your business. Above
all, the speed, tactical complexity and intense concentration involved in
playing squash make mental demands become almost therapeutic in themselves. When
you're playing squash, you can't think about anything else.

In recent years squash has begun moving into places like Fairfield County, where
displaced urbanites from Boston or New York live and, more and more, work.
''Someone like myself can't spend five hours on a golf course,'' said William
Raveis, a local real-estate executive who took up the sport several years ago.
''For the busy person, squash is a quick fix.''

Understanding such things, C. Donald Lord Jr., a real-estate developer and
squash player himself, built the Southport Racquet Club in 1978 in cooperation
with several limited partners. They acquired a piece of property just off Exit
19 of the New England Thruway, and at a cost of $800,000 constructed a handsome
brick structure with four squash courts and an equal number of larger
racquetball courts.

At the outset, 80 percent of the members were racquetball players, but gradually
the majority of them either moved on to other clubs or shifted to squash. This
is something of a comment on the games themselves; racquetball is just as
vigorous - maybe more so - than squash and more fun for the beginning player,
but squash offers more subtleties once you have reached the intermediate level.
There are no old racquetball players. With squash, though, the 40-year-old who
relies on power evolves into the 60-year-old who uses finesse. Bill Kohler, a
former badminton champion, did not even take up the game until three years ago,
when he was 63.

But there were social reasons as well. From the beginning, the Southport Racquet
Club had a unique identity. Unlike country clubs, it was not exclusive. It was
open to anyone with a racquet, a pair of white-soled sneakers and $200 for a
year's membership, so it drew a diverse mix of college presidents, firefighters,
book reviewers, lawyers, chiropractors, homemakers and others. The club also
didn't serve food, which meant that it had limitations as a social hangout,
especially for singles. Members tended to come and play squash or racquetball
and then go on their way. ''We didn't want to become like a health club in New
York City,'' Mr. Lord said.

One key to the social dimension of the club was the monthly ladder, which thrust
you into friendly competition with four players of comparable ability each
month. ''There was an easy sociability about the place,'' said Matt Miller, a
physician who, along with his wife, Tina, played on the ladder. ''We met a lot
of really nice people and enjoyed their company and conversation, but we don't
necessarily socialize outside the club. It was a separate life which had
value.''

There were some subgroups of players, including a dozen or so displaced
Englishmen who would reserve several courts every Sunday afternoon and, as Mrs.
Peale put it, ''practice their native language.'' They would also compete with
each other with the soft ''English'' ball that is used by squash players outside
North America.

The problem with all of this is that the operation was, in Mr. Lord's words,
''marginally profitable.'' Everyone knew that there had been talk a couple of
years ago of converting the facility into an office building, but this was said
to have fallen through because of inadequate parking space to satisfy the
Planning and Zoning Commission. That is why the announcement in mid-April that
the club had been sold and would close on June 1 came as such a shock. The buyer
was David Mack, a local real-estate developer who paid $1.6 million for the
property and planned to convert it into offices for his own firm.

As members discussed the situation among themselves, a common pattern of
reaction became evident. First was the shock, the sense that something precious
had been taken away. ''It was like death came on all of us at the same time,''
Rose Garfield said.

Then reason moved in. Obviously the owners had a perfect right, as businessmen,
to sell a property that certainly could be used in a more profitable way. But
then emotion returned - and new questions. Why so quickly? And why so secretly?
And above all, why didn't they give the members a chance to buy it and maintain
it as a racquet club?

Mr. Lord has explanations. Several years ago, he said, there had been
discussions with several members about purchasing it for roughly $1 million.
Word that the club was for sale leaked out, and even though the deal fell
through, membership fell off precipitously. ''I couldn't afford to let that to
happen again,'' he said. ''And if they couldn't come up with $1 million before,
why should I expect them to be able to come up even more now?''

This time, he said, he would resolved to deal only with a single local
real-estate broker, who was told that the club would be available if he could
find someone willing to meet the asking price and close quickly. ''No more
prolonged negotiations,'' Mr. Lord said. Mr. Mack was such a buyer, and by the
time anyone in the club learned about it, the papers had been signed.

In retrospect, the way it was done - quickly and privately - turned out to be
the catalyst for the club's rebirth. ''It was the outrage that glued us
together,'' Mr. Raveis said. ''If Don had gone to the membership and asked us to
come up with a million and a half dollars, we never would have come together.
I'm no world class squash player, but I was really miffed, and so were a lot of
other people. In a back door way, he did us a favor.''

The organizer was Bill Smith, a tall, genial marketing consultant who took up
squash 10 years after he graduated from Wesleyan University, and became the best
amateur player in the club. When he got the news from Mrs. Peale, he sent out a
letter calling a meeting at the club on the last Saturday in April to explore
options for saving it.

Ninety people showed up, and 3-by-5 cards were distributed asking how much
people would be willing to invest. ''We went home and counted up the cards, and
we had close to $500,000,'' Mrs. Peale said. ''We decided that with a lot more
phone calls, we might be able to pull it off.''

Mr. Smith asked his brother, who lived next door to Mr. Mack, to approach him
about the possibility of assigning the contract to the members. He agreed. ''It
was partly an economic decision and partly a chance to be a little bit of a
hero,'' he said. ''I knew a lot of the people involved, and they're nice people.
And I'm young and live in the community, and I've got to be able to get along
with them.''

The next 10 days were hectic. Mr. Smith took a vacation from his job in Westport
and spent the next two weeks crisscrossing Fairfield County, calling on banks,
recruiting investors and picking up checks. Lawyers worked overtime to create a
corporation and put together a stock offering and prospectus. Members of the
club volunteered enormous amounts of time. Ralph Selvaggi, an accountant,
assembled the figures necessary to certify the corporation. Lee Shepard, a
financial adviser, wrote programs for the club computer. Others worked the
phone.

The efforts began to pay off. A local bank agreed to two mortgages totaling
$1,325,000. Six directors were named, who between them pledged $240,000. David
Johnson, a Southport resident who is one of the country's top doubles players,
agreed to sign on as full-time manager and teaching professional at the club.
This was a big pyschological boost, since he would be abandoning the most
prestigious teaching post in the sport, head pro at the Racquet and Tennis Club
on Park Avenue.

A second meeting was called on Tuesday, May 6, and about 50 people showed up.
Using an easel as if he were making one of his marketing presentations, which,
of course, he was, Mr. Smith led his audience through the options, which were
clear. ''We either come up with $600,000 tonight and sign papers by Friday, or
it's all over,'' he said.

The papers were signed on schedule, and the closing took place on June 6. The
Southport Athletic Club was a reality. To mark the occasion, Mrs. Peale went out
and bought some geraniums.

Legally the new club is a corporation that has thus far issued $700,000 in stock
in amounts ranging from $1,000 to $50,000. It hopes to sell another $100,000 to
$200,000. Thus far 180 members - although not yet myself - have signed up, with
300 needed to assure solvency.

Now that whole experience is over, even some of the organizers look back in
amazement at what they managed to do.

''At first, I didn't think they could pull it off,'' said Lee Shepard. ''In less
than a month they created a corporation, floated a stock offering and organized
a whole new business. It was incredible. I guess what it came down to was the
strength of people's feelings that they wanted this facility to stay there. No
one had a right to sell it. It belonged to them.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 14, 1990, THURSDAY, THREE STAR Edition

TENNIS NOTES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 334 words


St. Louis Country Club pro Dick Johnson and former St. Louisan Jim Parker won
the doubles title recently in the world 45-and-over championships in Umag,
Yugoslavia. They beat an Austrian team 7-6, 6-4 in the final. In singles,
Johnson lost to top-ranked and top-seeded Harold Elschenbroich, who later beat
Parker in the final 7-5, 6-3.  The Triple A Club's High School Tournament for
boys and girls 16s and 18s has changed its entry deadline to June 21 from June
28. The event will be played on clay for the first time. Qualifying rounds will
be June 24-29, the championship round June 30-July 7. For information, call
535-3710.  The third annual Amateur Mixed Doubles is taking entries for next
month's tournament in conjunction with the Grand Champions' Budweiser Tennis
Championship at Town & Country Racquet Club. A barbecue on July 14 opens the
amateur tournament, leading to the final July 21. For information, call
644-2828.  The field for the Grand Champions event, July 19-22 at Town & Country
Racquet Club, will be Peter Fleming, Brian Teacher, Frew McMillan, Anand
Amritraj, Colin Dibley, Hank Pfister, Kim Warwick, Sherwood Stewart, Mark
Edmondson, Steve Krulevitz, Ross Case and Sal Castillo.  Volvo League playoffs
are Saturday at the Dwight Davis Tennis Center: 2.5 women at 10 a.m., 3.0 men at
noon, 4.5 women at 2, and 5.0 men at 4. The winners earn trips to the sectionals
in August in Springfield, Mo.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 24, 2004 Thursday

District winners set for regional tourney

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1147 words


The list of local teams for the USA Tennis Florida Adult League Tennis West
Regional Tournament next month in Naples is complete.

Either through playoffs or end-of-the-season results, district winners in six
women's levels and four men's have been named. Women's champions include St.
Petersburg Country Club's 2.5 squad, Countryside Country Club 3.0, Renaissance
Vinoy 3.5, Royal Racquet Club 4.0, Treasure Bay 4.5 and McMullen 5.0. McMullen
3.0, Racquet Club 3.5, Seminole Lake Tennis Center 4.0 and Treasure Bay 4.5 are
the men's champs.

Royal Racquet entered the women's 4.0 playoff with a 10-0 record and added two
more wins to capture the district title. In the final with the Vinoy, Judi
Morris (No. 1 singles) and Donna Coddington (No. 2) scored straight-set
victories. Linda Thomson and Donna Roberts produced the team-winning third point
in No. 3 doubles.

"I never dreamed we would do this well," Royal captain Mechy Wright said. "We
beat some tough teams to win the district, and we hope to represent the district
well."

Thirteen members of the 16-player squad plan to compete in the regional. Wright
has relied on Coddington, Morris, Courtney Rogers, Darla Guthrie, Theresa
Lawrence and Andrea Bolender for singles and used a variety of combinations for
the three doubles positions. Filling out the doubles were Roberts, Thomson,
Lawrence, Debbie McCleery, Carol Cotney, Carol Glenn, Wright, Linda Cope, Sylvia
Bell, Nilda Martinez and Barbara Brutus.

"I've been doing some research on the other district winners we'll face at the
regional, and it seems that Naples is going to be the team to beat," Wright
said. "All the teams going are undefeated in their district competition."

This is the third consecutive district win for McMullen's 3.0 men. Unbeaten
among seven teams, captain Dan Grimmer used Mike Lockwood, Sandy Whetherholt,
Bob Barry and Ray Howell to defend the two singles positions. Michael Read, Joel
Dean, Pedro DeJesus, Ted Barrett, John Westbrook, Art Griffith, John Francy,
Mark Evans and Bruce Insana were in doubles.

"We finished second both years at regional, and this year we have as much depth
and consistency in both singles and doubles - if not more," Grimmer said.

Seminole Lake Tennis Center won its 24th straight match to top men's 4.0.
Captain Red McGarry utilized Gary Lucke, Ken Mcwilliams, Todd Legault, Lou
Scaglione, Kevin Hayslett, Mike Hooper, Jeffrey Mars, Don Kirby, Brian Cooper,
Scott Chambers and Dave Heeder.

Treasure Bay edged Royal Racquet Club to capture the men's 4.5 crown and another
regional berth. "We're strong in singles and deep in doubles," captain Steve
Talner said. "We lost at state by one point last year, so we're looking forward
to this year."

Jim Cohen, Bob Ironsmith, Chris Skinner and Juan Segovia shared singles, and
Talner scheduled himself, Ken Cherven, Michael Erbe, Ron Wiser, Jim Dundee, Mark
Taylor, Chuck Cashman, Paul and Steve Reilly, Jay Lavina and Robin Kippenberger
for doubles.

Treasure Bay played host to the winning women's 4.5 squad. Captain Angie Lucke,
Maria Drew and Margaret Roset were in singles. Jane Eschenroeder, B.J. Stewart,
Jackie Keller, Carole Dellapina, Cari Reagin, Robin Meinrod, Kristee Garrity,
Judith Sly, Jane Robinson and Karen Foubister filled doubles.

The regional is July 16-18. Winners advance to the state tournament in August.

Four sets of mixed doubles teams led McMullen to a 6-0 record in 9.0 and an
October trip to state. Captain John Noeske paired with Roberts, Eschenroeder
teammed with Cherven, Robinson with Mark Curran and Jennifer Faust with Brian
Siracusa.

"We're basically the same team as last year when we played in the 8.5 division,"
Noeske said. "We added Ken, who played with Janet, and the team had a good
season. We're looking forward to state."

It's been a while since Royal Racquet Club advanced. The 8.0 mixed doubles team
joins its 4.0 women in the winner's circle. "It took us a while to finally come
around, but we came up with the right combinations," Royal captain Coddington
said. "Royal hasn't had a team in a playoff since we came here in 1988, so to
have two advance is great."

Coddington, Thomson and McCleery played on both Royal teams and were joined in
mixed by Kyle Lloyd, Kiki Jacobsen, Susan Samuels, Morris, Guthrie,Scott
Kroeger, Jonathan Bloom, John McConnell, Bob Feder, Josh Magidson, Jim Liles and
Tim Szazynski.

Feather Sound Country Club won the 7.0 mixed division. The state tourney for
mixed doubles is in October.

COMBO LEAGUE: Fifteen women's teams and 11 men's are participating in the
inaugural league. Matches are scheduled through July in the men's and women's
three-position doubles competition. East Lake Woodlands has a narrow lead in the
women's 7.5 division, and a Royal Racquet squad is first in 8.5. Among the men,
Countryside Country Club leads 6.5, and Feather Sound and the Racquet Club are
among the top in 7.5.

NET SHOTS: Second-seeded Joel Samaha scored a straight-set victory in the boys
14-and-under final to capture the USA Tennis Florida state championship.

+ Mary Jane Evertz and Kevin Manning played past three challengers to win the
45-and-over mixed doubles title in the Florida State Closed Championships. Other
winners were the sister-brother team of Lauren and Lou Scaglione (open mixed),
Sue and Mark Michelman (55 mixed) and Gail McMurtrey and Mark Taylor (35 mixed).

+ Jerica Coley survived a three-set final to win the girls 10-and-under singles
division in last weekend's SPTC Junior Open. Austin Kondor defended his top seed
in boys 12, second-seededNicholas Gallauer upset the top seed in the 16 final,
and Daichi Murata won the 18. Consolation winners included Amy Lowther (10),
Morgan Basil (18), Philip Russo (boys 10) and Greg LeCompte (16).

+ Capturing straight-set singles crowns in the Seminole Summer Classic were Tara
Vafadari (girls 16-and-under), Julia Claire Jones (14) and Emily Dvorak (12).
Finishing second were Melissa Smith (14), Amanda Yogus (18) and Jackson Kettell
(12). Macey Cook took the girls 12 consolation.

+ Sean Westacott was a finalist in the Hunter's Green Country Club Rookie event.

+ Among the juniors preparing for this weekend's Florida Bush Open in Fort
Myers, the summer's national kickoff event, are Amanda Yogus, Monica Sly,
Christina and Alexandria Liles (girls 18),Stephen Segura and George Navas (boys
18) and Nicholas Smith and Nicholas Berning (16).

COMING UP: Junior singles players should register today for this weekend's
Clearwater Summer Classic at McMullen Tennis Center. Call (727) 669-1919. The
Temple Terrace Tennis Center plays host to the Junior Summer Bash on July 3-5.
Call (813) 989-7178 by the June 30 deadline.

- News for this column may be faxed to Nancy Morgan, 796-5559; e-mailed to
namorgan46@msn.com, or sent to 710 Court St., Clearwater, FL 33756. Please
include phone number.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO TIMES

SERIES: TENNIS

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 21, 2000, Tuesday

A SMASHING GAME FOR ANDRE AGASSI

BYLINE: BY MITCHELL FINK With Lauren Rubin

SECTION: GOSSIP; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 790 words

Thank goodness for Steffi Graf.

Take away her presence on Sunday and there's no telling what kind of damage her
boyfriend, Andre Agassi, might have done.

Agassi was on Fishers Island over the weekend, warming up for the Ericsson
tennis tourney, which starts Thursday in Miami. He was facing off against French
ace Jerome Golmard, who's also playing in the event. But on Sunday

things weren't going so well for Agassi.

Apparently, he was very unhappy with the way he was playing - and took it out on
his Head rackets.

After losing one particular game to Golmard, Agassi reached into his racket bag,
removed four rackets and methodically smashed each one into smithereens. And as
he did, he cursed mightily.

Some kids who were there started making their way down to the court, hoping to
retrieve fragments for souvenirs. But Agassi was not about to let that happen.
After his hissy fit was over, he gathered up every last splintered piece,
stuffed them all back into his bag and continued to play with his last remaining
racket.

But that doesn't mean he was too angry to squeeze in a little smooching. Word is
that every time Agassi changed sides after odd games, he stopped to kiss Graf,
who was seated courtside. That's a lot of kisses.

Agassi spokesman Perry Rogers did not return calls.

BILLY BALDWIN DEFENDS

MOM'S CHARITY

Billy Baldwin isn't just the strong, sensitive type in the movies.

The actor is taking on critics who have charged that his mother's breast-cancer
foundation has sky-high operating expenses and gives little to charity.

Baldwin says the foundation is fiscally responsible and says the Forbes magazine
article criticizing Carol Baldwin's work was misleading.

"My mother has operated the foundation for five years, and Forbes only looked at
one year, 1998, when she was running the foundation with a bunch of women on
Long Island, her breast-cancer survivor girlfriends, who were hardly a blue-chip
group of foundation pros," he says.

Baldwin adds that at the time Forbes conducted its investigation, "My mother had
$300,000 sitting in the bank. The money had not been allocated yet, and Forbes
counted that as operating capital."

The "Backdraft" star says criticism that the foundation pays for an apartment on
Long Island for his mother is "completely ludicrous.

"My mother lives in Syracuse. She's 70 years old. Periodically, she comes down
for 10-day stretches," he says. "She has a walkup, a little studio that they
rent that for my mother for $700 a month. You would have thought the foundation
rented my mother a place in the Hamptons."

Baldwin says the apartment costs less than a hotel room would: "My mother has
saved the foundation money, not cost it money."

In other Baldwin family matters, Billy says his wife, Chynna Phillips, is so
stoked over the birth last month of their daughter, Jameson, that she already
wants to get pregnant again.

"She told her doctor that she wants to get pregnant right away," Baldwin said.
"I told her, 'Hon, just take a chill pill here and relax.' "

That doesn't mean Baldwin, who is one of six children, isn't on board.
"Absolutely," he says. "I want more, maybe two, three or four."

A DOGGED LAKERS FAN

That was no ordinary person banging on the front door at the NBA Store on Fifth
Ave. 15 minutes before the store's opening on Sunday.

That was Snoop Dogg, accompanied by his posse. They were on a mission to buy up
enough Los Angeles Lakers merchandise to be properly decked out to attend the
Lakers' noon game against the Knicks.

The rapper dropped $1,500 on Lakers gear, and the group wore every bit of it to
Madison Square Garden, where Dogg had a front-row seat underneath the basket.

Snoop told me it was his first time ever watching a Knicks game at the Garden.

Also at Sunday's game were Ice Cube, who was also dressed in Lakers colors,
along with such home-team faithfuls as Tom Brokaw, Jeff Greenfield, Kevin Kline,
Matthew Modine, Spike Lee, Woody Allen, Ron Perelman and Ellen Barkin, who
seemed to be yelling at the refs more than Jeff Van Gundy was.

QUICK HITS

There's a big listening party tonight for 'N Sync at Laura Belle on W. 43rd St.
But last night, the group hosted a slightly more private listening party at
Electric Lady studio on W. Eighth St. A live cybercast was being planned for
last night by sweet16.com.

Feeding the hungry with French delectables is something Francois Payard makes
sure to do. Normally, the East Side baker sets aside leftover pastries from his
bakery and gives them to the homeless twice each week. But when he hosted last
night's cocktail party for City Harvest, it wasn't croissants that Payard
donated to the food rescue operation, but pigs' feet and salmon tartare.


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANDRE AGASSI

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 13, 1988 Saturday

Date change will cut Player's star quota

BYLINE: NORA McCABE; SPCL

LENGTH: 711 words


BY  NORA McCABE
 Special to The Globe and Mail
  Canadians have been spoiled since 1979 when Imperial Tobacco took over
the sponsorship of the two Canadian Open tennis championships. Year after
year, the tournaments have boasted a steady parade of big names. This
year's $815,000 Player's International had six of the top 10 men stars.

But the good times may well be drawing to an end. Tournament director
John Beddington's intensive lobbying has fallen on deaf ears and as of
next year, the International will be coupled with the ATP Championships in
Cincinnati which has, in the past, always come the week after the Canadian
stop.

That means the two will fight for the big names. And if too many sign
up for the International, the Men's Tennis Council, whose job it is to
make sure each big money event gets its requisite share of stars, will
step in and forbid some players to come.
   Two-time Canadian champion Helen Kelesi, who is ranked No. 23
internationally, is seeded No. 13 in next week's Player's Challenge to be
played at Montreal's Jarry Stadium. If the seedings hold up, Kelesi, who
is in the bottom half of the draw, is scheduled, in the round of 16, to
meet seventh-seeded Texan Lori McNeil, the 1987 U.S. Open semi-finalist.
If she wins she would probably face fourth-seeded Gabriela Sabatini of
Argentina in the quarter-final for a repeat of their French Open quarter-
final and their Italian Open final - both of which Kelesi lost.

If the draw holds up, however, the potential quarter-finals from the
top to the bottom are: top-seeded Martina Navratilova v sixth-seeded
Soviet Natalia Zvereva; third-seeded Pam Shriver, the defending champion,
v eighth-seeded West German Claudia Kohde-Kilsch; McNeil v Sabatini and
fifth-seeded Czechoslovak Helena Sukova v second-seeded Chris Evert.

Incidentally, Carling Bassett Seguso, on the comeback trail after the
birth of son Holden John on March 14, faces big-serving Katrina Adams of
Chicago in the first round.
    Watch for an announcement that Boris Becker has signed a lucrative
deal with Head racquets. The 20-year-old West German terminated his seven-
year $26-million (U.S.) contract with Puma for racquets, clothes and shoes
on April 1. In May, Becker did a deal with Fila clothes. Now all that's
outstanding is a new shoe deal which can't come any too soon given the
two-time Wimbledon champ's current foot trouble, diagnosed as plantar
fascitis.
  Asked Thursday what he thought about the Wayne Gretzky trade, John
McEnroe, an avid New York Rangers hockey fan said: 'I'm still upset about
it. He should have gone to the Rangers."
  As the latest touch in his re-made image, Ivan Lendl has had his upper
front teeth capped. Now instead of that familiar gummy smile, the world
champion has a mouthful of Chiclets.
  For the record, Wimbledon champion Stefan Edberg is still playing
without a racquet contract. Like Jimmy Connors, who was loathe to part
with his trusty T-2000 Wilson metal racquet long after the company stopped
manufacturing them, the 22-year-old Swede has such faith in another Wilson
model that he broke a racquet contract with Adidas to return to his old
reliable. Knowing Edberg is unlikely to switch in mid-season, Wilson has
not rushed to offer a contract of any description.

After much experimentation, Connors finally signed with Slazenger last
year.
  Although the ink is barely dry on its current contract, the Women's
International Tennis Association recently announced that it had struck a
deal with Virginia Slims to extend its sponsorship of the worldwide tour
through 1995.

Those in the know say there is more to this than meets the eye.

Money wasn't the issue since the two bids on the table - one from the
cigaret company and the other from Proctor and Gamble - each were worth
about $6-million a year.

The real dispute was over who would control the women's tour - the
WITA, which is the women's union in conjuction with Slims or the Women's
International Professional Tennis Councilwhich would have insisted Proctor
and Gamble relinquish the year-ending championships to its control.

Having observed the problems on the men's tour where the year-ending
Nabisco Masters is run by the Men's Tennis Council rather than the
Association of Tennis Professionals, the men's union, the women opted to
keep on running their own show.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 14, 2010 Friday
                               N-j Final Edition

What's their racket? Fun, fitness and friendship

BYLINE: ANNE GEGGIS, ANNE GEGGIS - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH SHORES


DAYTONA BEACH SHORES -- Nine o'clock on a Thursday morning, and a meeting is
about to begin as it has nearly every Thursday morning for the past 27 years --
at least as far as they know.

And this time, the typical pattern is holding.

Audrey Stark, Rosemary Vogelsang and Marion Kyser sit around a table at the
Oceans Racquet Club waiting for the chronically late fourth member of their
quartet -- Pat Bennett -- to show up and add another to the annals of what must
be at least 1,000 doubles tennis games here. Not that anyone's counting. But
they are keeping score.

Oh, here she is," Stark says as Bennett appears.

They meander over to their court. Who will team up with whom, though, is not a
matter that's decided formally.

You just pick up a racket and walk to one side and see who comes over," Kyser
says.

Vogelsang is the best player, Stark says. But Vogelsang says that Stark is.
Adamant head shaking follows this discussion.

What all these widowed grandmothers will bet on, however, is what tennis has
done for them. With Vogelsang's 83rd birthday last Friday, she's the baby of the
group. Stark, at 90, is the oldest. And they all credit their passion for the
game with keeping them in fighting health.

They all enjoy the ability to move around, keep their balance and lodge some
occasional friendly snipes at each other.

I think tennis has kept me going not only physically but mentally for most of my
life," says Stark of New Smyrna Beach, who also takes to the court on Tuesdays.
"Playing tennis neutralizes all my problems. Getting out with people and moving
my body is great."

To warm up, they aim to get the ball over the net three times. That takes about
a minute or so with a few apologies.

Sorry," Kyser says after a ball falls short.

Bennett snorts. "We look like we've never played tennis before."

They came to the game at different times in their lives. Bennett played on the
Seabreeze High School tennis team in 1942. Stark played briefly in high school,
but didn't start to play regularly until after her youngest child was born in
New York. Kyser, who had a hand in getting the city tennis courts built as a
member of the City Council, started playing in the 1970s. While Vogelsang didn't
really harken to it until her husband got her into it during the 1980s.

I played in order to get peace in our house," she says, with a giggle. "He made
me do it and now I enjoy it."

And then it's down to business.

Bennett has the most to say about whether the ball lands in or out of the legal
zone of play.

Stark's corner shot that she misses has Bennett declaring, "Too good, too good."

Another time, Bennett's squinting at where Vogelsang delivered the ball's
bounce.

Was that good?" she says.

On the line," Stark says, weighing in.

Bennett, the only Daytona Beach native in the bunch, says her judgments have
rubbed other court competitors the wrong way -- particularly a Canadian friend.

One time I said, 'What we need is a good line-caller,' " Bennett recalls during
a break in the action. "She got so mad. But now she understands my sarcasm."

Whipping the opposing team around with a slice, overhead smash or crafty lob
doesn't seem like a top priority on the court with these women. But don't let
your guard down too far.

It's mostly friendly now," Stark says in between side changes. "Heck, how
competitive can you be at 90?"

But then she reconsiders and laughs. "Everyone likes to win, though."

Did You Know?

Older tennis players have found tournament success:*Arthur Gore won Wimbledon at
age 41 in 1909.*The oldest U.S. Open winner is Margaret Du Pont, who won the
mixed doubles in 1960 at 42.*William Larned was 38 when he won the U.S. Open in
1911.*Maud Barger- Wallach was 37 when she won the U.S. Open in 1908.

SOURCE: all-about-tennis.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: From left, Pat Bennett, Rosemary Vogelsang, Marion Kyser and
Audrey Stark have played tennis together for 27 years. They credit the sport
with keeping them in shape, physically and mentally. News-Journal/ DAVID TUCKER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 14, 2010 Friday
                               N-j Final Edition

What's their racket? Fun, fitness and friendship

BYLINE: ANNE GEGGIS, ANNE GEGGIS - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH SHORES


DAYTONA BEACH SHORES -- Nine o'clock on a Thursday morning, and a meeting is
about to begin as it has nearly every Thursday morning for the past 27 years --
at least as far as they know.

And this time, the typical pattern is holding.

Audrey Stark, Rosemary Vogelsang and Marion Kyser sit around a table at the
Oceans Racquet Club waiting for the chronically late fourth member of their
quartet -- Pat Bennett -- to show up and add another to the annals of what must
be at least 1,000 doubles tennis games here. Not that anyone's counting. But
they are keeping score.

Oh, here she is," Stark says as Bennett appears.

They meander over to their court. Who will team up with whom, though, is not a
matter that's decided formally.

You just pick up a racket and walk to one side and see who comes over," Kyser
says.

Vogelsang is the best player, Stark says. But Vogelsang says that Stark is.
Adamant head shaking follows this discussion.

What all these widowed grandmothers will bet on, however, is what tennis has
done for them. With Vogelsang's 83rd birthday last Friday, she's the baby of the
group. Stark, at 90, is the oldest. And they all credit their passion for the
game with keeping them in fighting health.

They all enjoy the ability to move around, keep their balance and lodge some
occasional friendly snipes at each other.

I think tennis has kept me going not only physically but mentally for most of my
life," says Stark of New Smyrna Beach, who also takes to the court on Tuesdays.
"Playing tennis neutralizes all my problems. Getting out with people and moving
my body is great."

To warm up, they aim to get the ball over the net three times. That takes about
a minute or so with a few apologies.

Sorry," Kyser says after a ball falls short.

Bennett snorts. "We look like we've never played tennis before."

They came to the game at different times in their lives. Bennett played on the
Seabreeze High School tennis team in 1942. Stark played briefly in high school,
but didn't start to play regularly until after her youngest child was born in
New York. Kyser, who had a hand in getting the city tennis courts built as a
member of the City Council, started playing in the 1970s. While Vogelsang didn't
really harken to it until her husband got her into it during the 1980s.

I played in order to get peace in our house," she says, with a giggle. "He made
me do it and now I enjoy it."

And then it's down to business.

Bennett has the most to say about whether the ball lands in or out of the legal
zone of play.

Stark's corner shot that she misses has Bennett declaring, "Too good, too good."

Another time, Bennett's squinting at where Vogelsang delivered the ball's
bounce.

Was that good?" she says.

On the line," Stark says, weighing in.

Bennett, the only Daytona Beach native in the bunch, says her judgments have
rubbed other court competitors the wrong way -- particularly a Canadian friend.

One time I said, 'What we need is a good line-caller,' " Bennett recalls during
a break in the action. "She got so mad. But now she understands my sarcasm."

Whipping the opposing team around with a slice, overhead smash or crafty lob
doesn't seem like a top priority on the court with these women. But don't let
your guard down too far.

It's mostly friendly now," Stark says in between side changes. "Heck, how
competitive can you be at 90?"

But then she reconsiders and laughs. "Everyone likes to win, though."

Did You Know?

Older tennis players have found tournament success:*Arthur Gore won Wimbledon at
age 41 in 1909.*The oldest U.S. Open winner is Margaret Du Pont, who won the
mixed doubles in 1960 at 42.*William Larned was 38 when he won the U.S. Open in
1911.*Maud Barger- Wallach was 37 when she won the U.S. Open in 1908.

SOURCE: all-about-tennis.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: From left, Pat Bennett, Rosemary Vogelsang, Marion Kyser and
Audrey Stark have played tennis together for 27 years. They credit the sport
with keeping them in shape, physically and mentally. News-Journal/ DAVID TUCKER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 14, 2010 Friday
                               N-j Final Edition

What's their racket? Fun, fitness and friendship

BYLINE: ANNE GEGGIS, ANNE GEGGIS - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH SHORES


DAYTONA BEACH SHORES -- Nine o'clock on a Thursday morning, and a meeting is
about to begin as it has nearly every Thursday morning for the past 27 years --
at least as far as they know.

And this time, the typical pattern is holding.

Audrey Stark, Rosemary Vogelsang and Marion Kyser sit around a table at the
Oceans Racquet Club waiting for the chronically late fourth member of their
quartet -- Pat Bennett -- to show up and add another to the annals of what must
be at least 1,000 doubles tennis games here. Not that anyone's counting. But
they are keeping score.

Oh, here she is," Stark says as Bennett appears.

They meander over to their court. Who will team up with whom, though, is not a
matter that's decided formally.

You just pick up a racket and walk to one side and see who comes over," Kyser
says.

Vogelsang is the best player, Stark says. But Vogelsang says that Stark is.
Adamant head shaking follows this discussion.

What all these widowed grandmothers will bet on, however, is what tennis has
done for them. With Vogelsang's 83rd birthday last Friday, she's the baby of the
group. Stark, at 90, is the oldest. And they all credit their passion for the
game with keeping them in fighting health.

They all enjoy the ability to move around, keep their balance and lodge some
occasional friendly snipes at each other.

I think tennis has kept me going not only physically but mentally for most of my
life," says Stark of New Smyrna Beach, who also takes to the court on Tuesdays.
"Playing tennis neutralizes all my problems. Getting out with people and moving
my body is great."

To warm up, they aim to get the ball over the net three times. That takes about
a minute or so with a few apologies.

Sorry," Kyser says after a ball falls short.

Bennett snorts. "We look like we've never played tennis before."

They came to the game at different times in their lives. Bennett played on the
Seabreeze High School tennis team in 1942. Stark played briefly in high school,
but didn't start to play regularly until after her youngest child was born in
New York. Kyser, who had a hand in getting the city tennis courts built as a
member of the City Council, started playing in the 1970s. While Vogelsang didn't
really harken to it until her husband got her into it during the 1980s.

I played in order to get peace in our house," she says, with a giggle. "He made
me do it and now I enjoy it."

And then it's down to business.

Bennett has the most to say about whether the ball lands in or out of the legal
zone of play.

Stark's corner shot that she misses has Bennett declaring, "Too good, too good."

Another time, Bennett's squinting at where Vogelsang delivered the ball's
bounce.

Was that good?" she says.

On the line," Stark says, weighing in.

Bennett, the only Daytona Beach native in the bunch, says her judgments have
rubbed other court competitors the wrong way -- particularly a Canadian friend.

One time I said, 'What we need is a good line-caller,' " Bennett recalls during
a break in the action. "She got so mad. But now she understands my sarcasm."

Whipping the opposing team around with a slice, overhead smash or crafty lob
doesn't seem like a top priority on the court with these women. But don't let
your guard down too far.

It's mostly friendly now," Stark says in between side changes. "Heck, how
competitive can you be at 90?"

But then she reconsiders and laughs. "Everyone likes to win, though."

Did You Know?

Older tennis players have found tournament success:*Arthur Gore won Wimbledon at
age 41 in 1909.*The oldest U.S. Open winner is Margaret Du Pont, who won the
mixed doubles in 1960 at 42.*William Larned was 38 when he won the U.S. Open in
1911.*Maud Barger- Wallach was 37 when she won the U.S. Open in 1908.

SOURCE: all-about-tennis.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: From left, Pat Bennett, Rosemary Vogelsang, Marion Kyser and
Audrey Stark have played tennis together for 27 years. They credit the sport
with keeping them in shape, physically and mentally. News-Journal/ DAVID TUCKER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Bank card skimming racket alleged;
Brooklyn duo charged with using fake credit cards

BYLINE: Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: NEWS; 5

LENGTH: 383 words



HIGHLIGHT: A5 off-lede for sat mar 12 15 inches OXFORD-A New York "skimming"
racket experienced a minor setback this week when Cumberland Farms employees
questioned two women purchasing gift cards with multiple credit cards and
alerted local police.


OXFORD -- An apparent New York skimming racket experienced a setback this week
when Cumberland Farms employees alerted local police after questioning two women
who were purchasing gift cards with multiple credit cards.

Calisa L. Moyston, 25, was charged with 13 counts of receiving improper credit
cards, while Jessica T. Peters, 24, was charged with 10 counts of receiving
improper credit cards. Each was also charged with conspiracy and larceny over
$250 by a single scheme.

Both were arraigned Wednesday in Dudley District Court. Bail was set at $1,500
for each. A pretrial hearing is slated for April 5. Both women are from
Brooklyn, N.Y.

Officer Matthew G. Gray was dispatched at 9 p.m. Tuesday to Cumberland Farms,
200 Southbridge Road, for a report of fraudulent credit card charges made with
multiple credit cards.

Cumberland Farms employees became concerned that the two women were purchasing
gift cards with multiple credit cards, according to the police report. Shortly
after they left that store, the suspects were spotted in the parking lot of
another Cumberland Farms in the center of town, the police report states.

In addition to numerous credit cards, a search provided 22 gift cards totalling
$925, which were logged in as evidence.

Police said in their report that this appears to have been a case where skimming
devices were placed over credit card readers to steal the card information.
These devices have been reported at several gas stations and other places that
commonly accept credit cards. The credit card information is then used to make
fraudulent purchases or placed on new cards.

Trooper Sergio Figueiredo said state police have seen a rise in fraudulent
credit cards being used by people from out of state, especially New York, the
police report states.

According to police, Ms. Moyston admitted the credit cards in her possession
were fake. She said she gets the credit cards from a person named "Derrick" in
New York. She would purchase gift cards with the fraudulent credit cards and
receive 40 to 50 percent of the value for the gift cards, according to the
police report.

Ms. Peters gave a similar story to police.

When asked what she was doing in Oxford, Ms. Moyston said she was visiting a
friend in Boston, although she could not provide where in Boston she was
visiting.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 14, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Question Box

BYLINE: By Ray Corio

SECTION: Section C; Page 6, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 790 words



QUESTION: What major league batter hit safely in the most games during a full
season?

Three batters from two eras share the major league mark of 135 games, though the
National Leaguers, Rogers Hornsby and Chuck Klein, achieved it during 152-game
schedules and the American Leaguer, Wade Boggs, did it in a 162-game schedule.
Hornsby might have done it best, since he was held hitless in only 19 of his 154
games with the St. Louis Cardinals in 1922. Klein got into 156 games (two were
ties) with the Philadelphia Phillies in 1930 and failed to hit in 21. Boggs
batted in 161 games with the Boston Red Sox in 1985 and was shut down 26 times.

Here is how the three match up in those outstanding seasons, regarding singles,
doubles, triples, home runs and total hits.
            1b   2b   3b   HR  Hits
Hornsby    148   46   14   42   250
Klein      143   59    8   40   250
Boggs      187   42    3    8   240
Hornsby batted .401 and won the National League batting championship by 47
percentage points. Boggs batted .368 and won the American League batting title
by 33 percentage points. Klein hit .386 and finished third in the batting race,
just ahead of his teammate Lefty O'Doul, and behind Bill Terry of the New York
Giants (.401) and Babe Herman of the Brooklyn Dodgers (.393). Neither Hornsby,
Boggs or Klein was on a pennant winner in the years in which they managed almost
a hit a game; in fact, Klein's Phillies finished last in 1930, 40 games from the
top, with a team batting average of .315.

QUESTION: When Andre Dawson was voted the National League's most valuable player
last season with the Chicago Cubs, he played for a team that lost more games
than it won. How many other times has that happened?

Only twice, by the same player, in successive years, with the same team as
Dawson's: the Cubs. The player was Ernie Banks, in 1958-59. In his first m.v.p.
season, Banks, a shortstop, batted .313 with 47 home runs and 129 runs batted in
for a Cubs' team that finished with a 72-82 record. A year later, Banks's
numbers were .304 average, 45 homers, 143 r.b.i., and the Cubs' numbers were
74-80.

Only one other m.v.p. ever played for a nonwinning team: Hank Sauer in 1952. He
hit 37 home runs, knocked home 121 runs and batted .270 for a team that finished
with 77 victories and 77 defeats. Naturally, it was the Cubs.

QUESTION: Player A in a singles match rushes forward to strike a high lob from
Player B. As she does so, the ball lodges in the triangular Y-throat of her
tennis racquet. Since Player A cannot stop her forward momentum without going
into the net, she neatly tosses ball and racquet over the net. Does Player A win
or lose the point, or is it ruled a let, with the point played over?

When a tennis ball gets wedged in a racquet, it resembles the situation in which
a basketball gets wedged between the rim and backboard. The basketball solution
is a jump ball, a do-over. The tennis solution here is a loss of point, a tough
luck Charlene. The legal ground for Player A losing the point would be based on
the playing ground of her opponent: Player A would be out a point because her
racquet touched Player B's zone while the ball was in play. A case can be made,
too, that Player A never hit the ball properly, so she does not deserve even a
let. In other words, it's all right to tell your opponent the ball's in her
court, so long as your racquet isn't there, too.

QUESTION: How come Guy Lafleur of the Rangers, who came out of retirement this
season, plays without a helmet?

He chooses to, and he has the right to make that choice because Lafleur played
in the league before the National Hockey League made helmets mandatory, starting
in the 1979-80 season. Under the rules, any player coming into the league since
1979 must wear a helmet. Anyone in the league before then, may wear one. By that
time, Lafleur had played eight seasons in the N.H.L., all with Montreal and all
with no headgear.

His decision to go bareheaded makes Lafleur one of only 10 players among the
more than 400 in the league to skate without a helmet. Four others are forwards:
Craig MacTavish and Nick Fotiu of Edmonton; Al Secord of Toronto and Ron Duguay
of Los Angeles. Five are defensemen: Doug Wilson of Chicago, Brad Marsh of
Toronto, Randy Carlyle of Winnipeg, Harold Snepsts of Vancouver and Rod Langway
of Washington. No goaltenders are among the unhelmeted.

Question Box is a regular feature of SportsMonday. Readers are invited to submit
questions concerning any aspect of sport: statistics or strategies, rules or
records. The address is Question Box, SportsMonday, The New York Times, 229 West
43d Street, New York, N.Y., 10036. Unfortunately, questions not published cannot
be answered individually.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

Tempers flare as racket hits ball boy

BYLINE: DAVID LONG

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 722 words


Disqualifications in tennis 1990 - John McEnroe was disqualified when playing
Mikael Pernfors in the fourth round of the Australian Open for three code
violations.

1995 - In a doubles match at Wimbledon a young Tim Henman was disqualified for
hitting a ball girl flush in the head.

2007 - Anastasia Rodionova was disqualified for hitting a ball at spectators
cheering her opponent Angelique Kerber.

2012 - Argentinian David Nalbandian was given his marching orders for kicking an
advertising board and injuring an official.

2013 - Olga Puchkova from a match after hitting a line judge in his knee with
her racquet after losing a point.

2014 - Darian King threw his racquet at some tarp behind the court at a
tournament in Charlottesville, USA, hitting the lines woman, he was instantly
disqualified.

--------------------

Britain's Naomi Broady remains certain her opponent Jelena Ostapenko threw her
racket which ended up hitting a ballboy in heated match at the ASB Classic in
Auckland yesterday.

During the second set tiebreak Ostapenko stretched out to attempt to a ball wide
to her left.

The racket flew out of her hand and struck a ballboy at the back of the court.

Broady insisted that Ostapenko should be disqualified for this under the rules
of tennis, but the Latvian said it was an accident and chair umpire Blaze
Trifunovski, believed her argument.

Broady won 4-6 7-6 7-5, but at her post match press conference still insisted
that Ostapenko knew what she was doing.

"It was quite clear that she threw her racket and it hit a ball kid, which
should be straight disqualified," Broady said.

"The chair umpire said Jelena said to him that it slipped from her hand, so he
said it was just a code violation or something.

"But on the replay it's quite clear that it didn't slip from her hand, but
that's tennis, you go by what the chair umpire says and get on with the match
and I managed to keep myself together quite well."

For a few minutes after the incident Broady had a heated discussion with the
umpire and wasn't happy to let the matter go.

"I asked for the tournament referee to come down onto the court to give his
opinion," she said.

"But as he isn't the chair umpire, he goes by what the chair umpire says and his
opinion was that it had slipped from her hand, as Jelena had said, so it was
just a code violation and move onto the next point.

"So I had to accept what they said, even though I felt it hadn't slipped and
watching back on the replay I don't think it did slip.

"The ball kids are volunteers and we work with them most weeks and they try so
hard.

"You've got to have a lot of respect for them, a lot of them are young as well.
I don't think it was very good behaviour."

There was a confrontation between Broady and Ostapenko at rather end of the
match, where the players clashed verbally.

"Jelena commented that my behaviour was terrible," Broady said. "Which I thought
was a bit out of order, considering the events that had gone on in the match, I
don't think I did anything disrespectful to her, or anyone else on the court.

"So I'm not really sure where that came from, but tensions were high, adrenalin
was going.

"We had a bit of a confrontation, but she's going to be a fantastic player and
I'm sure we'll both learn from any mistakes we made today and move forwards."

Disqualifications are rare in tennis, but they do occur in similar circumstances
to what happened in this match.

In 1995, Tim Henman was disqualified from his doubles match at Wimbledon for
accidentally firing a ball at the head of a ballgirl after a point had finished.

At the time a statement from the referees' office at Wimbledon said: "The rules
precisely state that a player must be in control of his actions on court, and in
such cases there is no choice but to default automatically on the basis of
unsportsmanlike conduct.

"Tim Henman is extremely upset about this freak accident, and although rare, the
rules clearly state that default is the only course of action in cases of this
nature." Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

England's Naomi Broady has words with Jelena Ostapenko, of Latvia, after winning
their match at the ASB Classic in Auckland yesterday.

Picture: PHOTOSPORT

Ostapenko makes her feelings known to Broady following their acrimonious
encounter which enlivened the third day of the ASB Classic in Auckland.

Picture: PHOTOSPORT

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                           January 29, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

American star causes a real racket at Cheltenham College

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 277 words


AS PART of the 25th anniversary of the re-opening of the Cheltenham College's
rackets court 21 of the country's rackets professionals were hosted at the
college over the weekend for their annual singles competition.

The tournament, staged at a different school or club each year, was last hosted
by the College in 2000.

The game, the forerunner of squash, is played by more than 60 pupils and demands
a super eye for a ball, athleticism and a degree of caution with the ball flying
around the court upwards of 100mph.

The standard of play as the competition moved through to the semi-finals on
Saturday afternoon was excellent: the College court has a reputation for being
both fast and true, and the viewing gallery was treated to some spectacular
rallies. While the local rackets professional Mark Briers went out in the second
round Ben Snell, himself an old boy of the College, the number two seed and head
rackets professional at Queen's Club, West London, could not quite overcome the
Radley College professional, Mark Hubbard, number three seed, and lost the final
game 15-14.

In the other semi-final, Will Hopton, the top seed who is professional at
Chicago USA, overcame Ryan Tulley, the Wellington College professional and
number four seed, 3-0. The final on Sunday morning was a hard-hitting affair and
in the first game, honours were fairly even, with Hopton emerging on top with
his dogged retrieving and consistency of serve. Games two and three saw the
Chicago professional, 15 years his opponent's junior, take control and was a
comfortable winner in the end. This is his third title.

The headmaster of the College, Dr Alex Peterken, presented the trophy.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHOWDOWN: Mark Hubbard and Will Hopton before the final of the British
Professional Rackets tournament
FOCUS: Oxford's Mark Hubbard
POISE: Winner Will Hopton from Chicago serves in the final at Cheltenham College

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2014 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Times (Perth, Australia)

                              June 24, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Henin topples Mauresmo

BYLINE: LEO SCHLINK

SECTION: Pg. 101

LENGTH: 401  words


JUSTINE Henin reversed last year's Wimbledon final result when she beat Amelie
Mauresmo to keep the Eastbourne International title last night.

In a thrilling and close final, the Belgian world No. 1 defeated Mauresmo 7-5
6-7 (4-7) 7-6 (7-2).

The grasscourt final between the top two seeds was seen as a good form indicator
for Wimbledon, which is the only grand slam title to elude Henin.

Both women moved through the Eastbourne draw without dropping a set and only
Henin's greater consistency allowed her to beat the French world No. 4 in the
final.

In the countdown to Wimbledon, which starts tomorrow, Aussies Alicia Molik and
Samantha Stosur have been given a gold-plated incentive to halt Serena Williams'
advance on a third crown at the All England Club. Williams, the 2002-03
champion, and sister Venus, the 2000-01 and '05 winner, will use Wilson racquets
embedded with 22-carat gold inlays.

Copying Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova's use of gold-dusted shoes, the
sisters are being ''honoured'' for their performances this year by their sponsor
Wilson.

Serena, who could play Molik in the second round and possibly Stosur in the
round of 32, will use a pure black racquet. Venus will wield white frames.

''I can't think of a better place to play with a racquet made with real gold
than Wimbledon,'' Serena said, with the type of hype likely to stick in earthy
Stosur and Molik's craw.

The Williams sisters will donate money to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation
through racquet sales.

But philanthropy will be the least of their concerns over the next fortnight.

''Wimbledon means so much to me,'' Serena said. ''This is where I want to play
my best tennis.''

Williams, winner of eight grand slam titles, has been labouring at Palm Beach
Gardens since her French Open quarter-final thrashing at the hands of eventual
winner Henin.

''Well, since I lost, unfortunately, I had to go back home to the very, very hot
conditions in Florida,'' she said. ''So losing was a punishment for me to
train.''

Williams opens her quest against Spain's Lourdes Dominguez Lino before meeting
Molik or Russian Anastasia Rodionova.

Molik has not played the younger Williams since Miami 1999, when she lost in
straight sets. Her first concern will be getting over Rodionova, ranked five
places higher at No. 69.

Molik has the grasscourt artillery to excel, while Stosur, the 27th seed, faces
Puerto Rican qualifier Kristina Brandi.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SDT


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           February 16, 2001, Friday

Recreational play now focus for Carrigan

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 792 words



After coaching and playing tennis competitively for 25 years, Mike Carrigan now
spends most of his time just playing for fun.

Carrigan's tennis might be recreational, but rest assured it's aggressive.
Whether he's running down a lob or executing a crosscourt drop shot, Carrigan
plays hard.

"Tennis is a lifetime sport," said Carrigan, a resident of New Port Richey, "and
I plan to keep on playing."

Carrigan didn't grow up playing tennis. Hailing from Huntington, W. Va.,
Carrigan was a basketball fanatic.

After graduating from Marshall College in his home state, Carrigan took his
management degree and gradually worked his way to Florida. For eight years,
Carrigan ran the Woodside Racquet Club in Gainesville.

"As I got a little older, I realized basketball got to be a lot harder to play,"

 Carrigan said. "That's when I converted to tennis."

Carrigan got out of the tennis business about eight years ago and became a
realtor. Working out of the Largo area, Carrigan first lived in Sand Key before
moving to New Port Richey.

After work, he heads to the tennis courts at either Shipwatch Tennis Club or
Bardmoor Golf and Tennis Club in Largo, before heading home to Pasco County.

The senior men's 4.0 team at Shipwatch recently won its division in the USTA
Florida Section Senior Doubles League and will advance to the state tournament
in May.

Carrigan began the season playing doubles with friend Rob Wilson. But when
Wilson suffered an injury, Carrigan hooked up with Scott Chambers.

"I didn't know Scott at all, but doubles is doubles," Carrigan said. "I play an
aggressive serve and volley game, whether I'm playing men's or mixed doubles."

Carrigan plays mixed doubles in the USTA Florida Section Senior Mixed Doubles
League with Mary Jane Evertz on a first-place Bardmoor team.

Last weekend, Carrigan and Evertz teamed up to play in a charity mixed doubles
tournament in Clearwater. The Time Warner Mixed Doubles Team Tennis Classic
featured 11 teams represented by three groups of varying skill levels. Carrigan
and Evertz played in the No. 1 position and went 2-2 in match play, with both
losses by an 8-6 pro-set score.

"We get along together when we play," Carrigan said of the team's success. "I
don't worry about winning or losing and just have fun. Plus, I never teach or
coach when I'm playing. Also, Mary is good at setting me up."

For the second year, Carrigan and Evertz played No. 1 on the overall winning
team at the event. Joined by Jill and Larry Jackson in No. 2 and Julie Panton
and Woody Woodbury in No. 3, Carrigan and Evertz represented the Suncoast Bay
Properties and defeated Antonio's Pasta Grill in the final.

"That was a fun event," Carrigan said. "Mary and I signed up together but didn't
know who else would be on the team. We had a nice team atmosphere."

Even though Carrigan has stopped spending as many as 10 hours a day in the sun
teaching, the 22-year USPTA teaching pro hasn't totally given up coaching. For
the past five years, Carrigan has assisted Hillsborough Community College coach
Vickie Schnurr with the school's team.

SENIOR PLAYOFFS: Westin Innisbrook won its first playoff match in the 3.5
division with a commanding 3-0 score over the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg.
After splitting sets, the No. 1 team of captain Joe Gari and Bill Schieman won a
tiebreaker to earn the victory. Richard Houff and John Kuhn in No. 2 and Willie
Coquelet and Jim Smith in No. 3 followed with straight-set wins for Innisbrook.

In other 3.5 senior playoff action, Royal Racquet Club eliminated the
Renaissance Vinoy 2-1 and a second Racquet Club team beat Countryside Country
Club 2-1.

A "lucky loser" team was drawn from the losers of the three playoff matches to
continue play Saturday. The Racquet Club (loser to Innisbrook) will play its
clubmate team Saturday, while Innisbrook faces Royal Racquet Club. The two
winners will then meet Feb. 24 for the district championship.

SENIOR WOMEN: Innisbrook's 3.5 senior women's team netted three points in its
match with Countryside Country Club last weekend to move into a first-place tie
with Timber Pines Tennis Club. Timber Pines defeated Bardmoor Golf and Tennis
Club 2-1 in its match.

The district champion will be determined after Saturday's final matches and the
winner will move on to the state tournament in May.

COMING UP: Cheval Polo and Golf Club in Lutz is hosting a USTA National Open
Championship event this weekend for boys 14 and under. Call Francis Cooke at
(813) 948-2282 for specific playing times. The USA Tennis Ultimate Workshop is
March 10 and 11 in St. Petersburg. Tennis enthusiasts interested in starting or
helping to start USA Tennis programs are encouraged to contact Jeff Davis at
(727) 360-6543.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                August 17, 2001

Tennis: Henman and Rusedski warm to US Open

SECTION: Guardian Sport Pages, Pg. 28

LENGTH: 398 words


The world No1 Gustavo Kuerten seemed more preoccupied with the fact that one of
his rackets had gone AWOL from the locker room than his second-round victory at
the RCA Championships in Indianapolis on Wednesday.

"It was probably a fan," conceded Kuerten, having dispatched Israel's Naum Okun
6-4, 6-3 in only 56 minutes. "If I saw a Brazilian national team shirt lying
around, I'd probably take that."

Kuerten travels with only three rackets, insisting that it takes him at least a
month to get their grip and weight the way he wants it.

"My rackets have to be just the way I like them and the more I have, the more
complicated it is for me," he said.

Tim Henman, proceeding to the third round at the expense of Romania's Adrian
Voinea, sympathised with Kuerten. "I normally have six rackets on court and nine
or 10 in total," said the British No1.

Henman beat his opponent, ranked 103 in the world, 6-2, 6-3. The sixth seed was
due to meet Mariano Zabaleta of Argentina in the early hours of this morning.

Greg Rusedski, choosing to warm up for the US Open on the other side of the
States, has reached Washington's Legg Mason Classic third round with a 6-4, 7-6
(7-2) win over France's Julien Boutter.

The 12th seed will take on Nicolas Lapentti after the player from Ecuador
thrashed Alex Kim of America 6-0, 6-1.

Rusedski's only previous meeting with Lapentti, on clay in Rome two years ago,
resulted in a 6-3, 6-3 victory for the South American. However, the hard courts
of the US capital should be much more suited to Rusedski's game.

Meanwhile the familiar Good Goran and Bad Goran were much in evidence as this
year's Wimbledon champion beat Vladimir Voltchkov of Belarus 4-6, 7-6 (7-4), 7-6
(7-1). Despite receiving a warning for verbal abuse during his second-set
tie-break, Ivanisevic produced his usual party piece and managed to rescue two
match points.

"Sometimes during the match I say, 'Come on, man -you won Wimbledon, hit two
aces, you need them,'" Ivanisevic said afterwards.

The 79th-ranked Voltchkov led 5-4 in the third set with Ivanisevic serving at
15-40. He saved Voltchkov's first match point with an ace and the second with a
service winner.

Ivanisevic was scheduled to meet the Australian Open finalist Arnaud Clement
late last night. France's Clement, seeded seventh, holds a 3-1 career edge over
the Croat.


LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 5, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CONSUMER'S WORLD;
Coping: With a Consumer Problem

BYLINE: By ANDREE BROOKS

SECTION: Section 1; Page 52, Column 5; Style Desk

LENGTH: 876 words


Robert J. Pearl, a lawyer in Rochester, ordered a tennis racquet from a
mail-order company. The day before he was to play in a tournament, the racquet
had not arrived, so Mr. Pearl bought one at a local store. When the racquet he
had ordered was delivered, he returned it. But the company refused to send him a
refund, insisting that it had fulfilled its obligations.

Mr. Pearl was irritated, but not defeated. He had deliberately paid by credit
card on the chance that if something went awry, he could refuse to pay. He wrote
to the credit-card company, saying he would not pay because the racquet had not
arrived on time and asked the company to intercede with the mail-order house on
his behalf. The charge was lifted.

The moral: There is almost always a way for a consumer to deal with a
transaction that has gone wrong.

A woman from Queens, who asked not to be identified, was turned down by her
insurance company when she filed a $5,000 claim for damage to her car. The
company disputed her assertion that the car had been hit while she was shopping
at a supermarket. The markings, the insurer said, did not bear this out.

The New York State Insurance Department has regulatory powers over insurers that
do business in the state. The woman took her problem to the department, which
made its own inquiry; it concluded that her car had been hit by a delivery
truck.

''When we brought this to their attention, the company was legally bound to take
another look,'' said Kevin Foley, deputy superintendant of the department. The
woman was reimbursed.

Herb Cohen, a Chicago lecturer on negotiating tactics, said it is important for
consumers to approach a problem in terms of what the outcome could mean to the
company, rather than dwelling on a litany of personal woes.

''Give the guy a rationale for making good,'' he said.

Consider the situation that faced Dorothy E. Brown, a writer in Ossining, N.Y.
The first time she had an expensive suede coat dry-cleaned, it came back with
the ''consistency of cardboard,'' she said.

She had planned to wear the coat to a wedding, but did not confront the dry
cleaner with that sad tale. Instead, she told him that she was very distressed
with the result of the cleaning, and added that she knew just about everybody in
town and that she was, as she put it, ''a big talker.''

When she did not get an immediate refund, she got in touch with business groups
in town and told them about her coat. The cleaner eventually relented and
reimbursed her for the ruined coat.

If you are not good at such tactics, or are likely to lose your temper, it may
be best to let someone else do the negotiating for you. This can be particularly
useful if the matter is technical and you have a friend or relative who can talk
to the vendor or practitioner as a peer, said Dr. Sidney M. Wolfe, director of
the Public Citizen Health Research Group, an advocacy center in Washington
affiliated with Ralph Nader.

Be sure to give the other side a chance to present its viewpoint and to save
face; it is important not to demand an immediate answer, Mr. Cohen said.

''Implore them not to make a hasty decision, but to get back to you,'' he said.
''Give them a chance to work out a compromise.''

Joan McDonald, director of volunteer negotiators at the New York City Consumer
Affairs Department, recommended being realistic, too. Greed can backfire.
''Don't expect more than a fair settlement,'' she said.

For instance, rather than insisting on being paid the full cost of a dress that
had been worn for six months before it became discolored at the cleaners, be
prepared to accept partial reimbursement.

Sending copies of letters of complaint to almost every department that might
take up the issue on your behalf - consumer affairs, the Better Business Bureau
- is a common pressure tactic. But it is far more effective to send a separate
letter to each agency, said Mr. Pearl, the Rochester lawyer, who is also
chairman of the general practice section of the State Bar Association.

''If they get just a copy, they may not bother doing anything,'' he said,
because one agency will assume that another will handle the problem.

Ms. Brown, the Ossining writer, is among those who favor small claims court, if
all else fails. She took a contractor to court after he accepted $250 to replace
a window, but never did the work.

''As soon as he got the notice from the court, he started paying me back,'' Ms.
Brown said. ''Before that he would not even come to the phone.''

Anyone can file a charge in small claims court. The fee is under $20 and notice
of the charge is sent immediately by the court to the defendant, along with a
date for a hearing. Faced with the chance of an adverse judgment, the other side
might settle.

If you pay for a service or product by credit card, withholding payment on a
disputed item will not jeopardize your crediting rating, provided written notice
requesting an inquiry is sent to the card company within 60 days of receiving
the bill.

Patricia Patterson, a lawyer for American Express, explained that credit-card
companies are forbidden by law from turning over the unpaid balance to a
collection agency or even listing the item as past due until an investigation
has been conducted.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Second of two Coping columns on consumer complaints.

GRAPHIC: Drawings

TYPE: Series

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 24, 1998, Wednesday

District winners prepare for regionals

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 427 words



Playoffs are complete with district winners named and preparations for the  next
championship under way.

Last weekend, the Renaissance Vinoy successfully defended its 3.5 men's
district title in the U.S. Tennis Association/Florida Section Adult Tennis
League and the Racquet Club of St. Petersburg won the men's 4.0.

"We got lucky and just went out and did the job," said Bob Dickerson, the
Vinoy's captain. "We had a strong day."

The Vinoy won all five positions against Innisbrook with singles players  John
McQuillen and Pete Gairing winning in straight sets. Dickerson and Mike
Williams easily won No. 2 doubles 6-1, 6-1 in less than an hour, while Scott
Stewart and Scott Johnston pulled out a 6-4, 7-5 win at No. 1.

Vaughn Haight and Tim Bourne survived a marathon match at No. 3 to win 4-6,
6-2, 7-5 after more than three hours of action.

"We're really looking forward to playing at regionals," Dickerson said.  "We
finished one game away from the state tournament last year, and I think  our
experience will help us this year."

The Racquet Club lost just one match during the regular season and was  unbeaten
in three playoff matches. The team's last playoff match was with  Countryside
Country Club, which was undefeated in the regular season and had  netted two
wins in the playoffs. Saturday's final playoff match determined the  district
winner.

"The match came right down to the wire," said Ben Godwin, the Racquet  Club's
captain. "Countryside has a great team. You couldn't have asked for a  better
day of tennis."

Singles matches were split with Matt Fox winning in straight sets at No. 1,  and
Mal Kilbride losing in two at No. 2. Bob Barlow and Pete Wells lost at No.  2
doubles to give Countryside a 2-1 edge with two matches remaining. Jim  Pesuth
and Covington Sharp won in three sets at No. 1, followed by Bill Young  and Todd
Meyer's three-set win at No. 3.

"Those last two matches finished within minutes of each other," Godwin  said.
"It was quite a finish."

The Vinoy and the Racquet Club, along with other district winners, now  prepare
for USTA/Florida Section West Regional Championships July 24-26 in  Longboat
Key.

OTHERS TO REGIONALS: East Lake Woodlands 3.5 women's team defeated Bardmoor  4-1
last weekend to advance to regional competition next month.

Other women's teams qualifying for the next level of competition include  East
Lake 3.0, Treasure Island 4.0 and McMullen 4.5 teams. Men's teamsinclude  the
Vinoy's 3.5, Racquet Club's 4.0 and the Racquet Club's 4.5.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 20, 2012 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

The N.R.A. Protection Racket

BYLINE: By RICHARD W. PAINTER.

Richard W. Painter, a professor of law at the University of Minnesota, was the
chief White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007.

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; National Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg.

LENGTH: 849 words


Edina, Minn.

FOR years, protection rackets dominated dangerous urban neighborhoods. Shop
owners and residents lived in relative security only by paying off or paying
homage to organized criminals or corrupt cops. Anyone who dared to stand up to
these ''protectors'' would not be around for long.

The Republican Party -- once a proud bastion of civic and business leaders who
battled Southern racism, Northern corruption and the evils of big government --
has for the past several decades been itself the victim of political protection
rackets. These rackets are orchestrated by fringe groups with extremist views on
social issues, which Republican politicians are forced to support even if they
are unpopular with intelligent, economically successful and especially female
voters. Their influence was already clear by the time I joined the Bush White
House staff in 2005, and it has only increased in the years since.

The most blatant protection racket is orchestrated by the National Rifle
Association, which is ruthless against candidates who are tempted to stray from
its view that all gun regulations are pure evil. Debra Maggart, a Republican
leader in the Tennessee House of Representatives, was one of its most recent
victims. The N.R.A. spent around $100,000 to defeat her in the primary, because
she would not support a bill that would have allowed people to keep guns locked
in their cars on private property without the property owner's consent.

The message to Republicans is clear: ''We will help you get elected and protect
your seat from Democrats. We will spend millions on ads that make your opponent
look worse than the average holdup man robbing a liquor store. In return, we
expect you to oppose any laws that regulate guns. These include laws requiring
handgun registration, meaningful background checks on purchasers, limiting the
right to carry concealed weapons, limiting access to semiautomatic weapons or
anything else that would diminish the firepower available to anybody who wants
it. And if you don't comply, we will load our weapons and direct everything in
our arsenal at you in the next Republican primary.''

For decades, Republican politicians have gone along with this racket, some
willingly and others because they know that resisting would be pointless.
According to the Center for Responsive Politics, the N.R.A. spent almost $19
million in the last federal election cycle. This money is not just spent to beat
Democrats but also to beat Republicans who don't toe the line.

But the last election showed the costs to Republicans of succumbing to the
N.R.A. and to other groups with extremist views on issues like homosexuality and
stem cell research. The fringe groups, drenched with money and the ''free
speech'' that comes with it, have stood firm, and become even more radical, as
the population as a whole -- including many traditional Republican voters -- has
moved in the opposite direction.

Gun violence in particular frightens voters in middle- and upper-income suburbs
across the country, places like my hometown, Edina, Minn. These areas, once
Republican strongholds, still have many voters who are sympathetic to the
economic platform of the Republican Party but are increasingly worried about
their own safety in a country with millions of unregistered and unregulated
guns. Some suburban voters may keep a hunting rifle locked away in a safe place,
but few want people bringing semiautomatic weapons into their neighborhoods.
They also believe that insane people should not have access to guns.

A few clicks on the N.R.A. Web site lead you to the type of weapons the group
wants to protect from regulation. Many are not needed for hunting pheasants or
deer. They are used for hunting people. They have firepower unimaginable to the
founding fathers who drafted the Second Amendment, firepower that could wipe out
an entire kindergarten classroom in a few minutes, as we saw so tragically last
week.

This is not the vision of sportsmanship that soccer moms and dads want or will
vote for, and they will turn against Republicans because of it. Who worries
about the inheritance tax when gun violence may kill off one's heirs in the
second grade?

Republican politicians must free themselves from the N.R.A. protection racket
and others like it. For starters, the party establishment should refuse to
endorse anyone who runs in a primary with N.R.A. money against a sitting
Republican. If the establishment refuses to support Republicans using other
Republicans for target practice, the N.R.A. will take its shooting game
somewhere else.

Reasonable gun control legislation will then be able to pass Congress and the
state legislatures. Next, Republicans should embrace legislation like the
proposed American Anti-Corruption Act, which would rid both parties of their
dependence on big money from groups like the N.R.A. The Republican Party will
once again be proud to be part of the solution rather than part of the problem.
And voters will go back to feeling that their children are safe, their democracy
works, and they will once again consider voting Republican.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/20/opinion/the-nra-protection-racket.html

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 26, 2010 Wednesday
                             First Replate Edition

Falconi's unusual path to top spot;
Learning by instinct led Georgia Tech sophomore to her unorthodox style.

BYLINE: Doug Roberson; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1088 words


'The Little Tiger" was made on public tennis courts in New York, playing anyone
she could no matter the age or skill level.

This afternoon in Athens, Georgia Tech sophomore Irina Falconi will take her No.
1 ranking into the NCAA singles championship. Just like those days on the Inwood
Hill Park courts in Manhattan, she and her unorthodox game will take on all
comers as she tries to win the school's second women's tennis title in three
years.

"Girls don't want to see her in the draw because they aren't used to seeing her
stuff," Tech coach Bryan Shelton said.

Her "stuff" is unusual, a deceptive mixture of attack, retreat and drop shots.
But that seems to be the norm for Falconi, from how she learned the game, to how
she sees the game and to how she ever ended up at Tech.

Like many younger siblings, she picked up tennis because her father, Carlos, was
teaching her older sister, Stephanie, how to play.

Carlos, a former professional soccer player in Ecuador, taught himself the game
on a court with no net --- just a rope tied between two poles --- in his native
country. He gave it up when he became a pro soccer player at 16 but when his
career ended a few years later, he moved to New York to marry Silvia, Irina and
Stephanie's mother.

Young competitor

They lived near the corner of 207th and Broadway, with a tennis court down the
street. Wanting Stephanie to learn a sport, he bought her a blue, metal Spalding
racket.

Irina would impatiently watch them practice, wanting to get out there and beat
her sister. So one day Carlos handed her a racket --- it was almost as tall as
she was --- and they started hitting. He soon realized that Irina, like her
sister, had skill.

As Irina grew, Carlos started lining up games for her against anyone who was
practicing. Grown men would try to take it easy with their serves, but Carlos
wouldn't let them.

"No, hit the serve," he would say, "she's got a racket. Be a man." So they
would. He wasn't being an overbearing sports dad either. Irina told him that's
what she wanted. It was rough at first but soon she started returning those
serves and, soon enough, beating the men.

They started calling her "the Little Tiger."

"That's where they [Irina and Stephanie] got the good feeling," Carlos said.
"You can play with anyone no problem."

But she got more than a nickname. On those courts Falconi developed the unusual
game that made her the top-ranked junior in the U.S. and the top-ranked
collegiate player today.

She's aggressive and imaginative, capable of producing a variety of shots from
anywhere on the court. Her best weapon is her drop shot, though she doesn't use
it as often as she used to. With no ball machine to fire 400 shots a day at her,
there was no regimen to ingrain robotic habits or shots. She learned by
instinct, which is how she plays now. She's neither a baseliner nor
serve-and-volleyer. She can do both.

"She can defend the court with her speed and her slice," Shelton said. "She can
play offense and defense. Not a lot of girls that can do both."

When she was 14, a job change moved the Falconis to southeastern Florida. Once
again, Falconi would head to a local court after school to find someone to play.

"It was an experience that made me grow up so quickly and made me so
independent," she said.

Hitting balls at Carlin Park in Jupiter, she was spotted by someone who put her
in touch with Brenda Schultz-McCarthy, a former top-10 star on the WTA Tour who
operated a small tennis home school nearby. Falconi met her and soon enrolled.

The two continued to work together into Falconi's senior year when, to escape a
hurricane headed for Florida, the team went to a complex Schultz owned in
Virginia. On their way back, they stopped at Tech because one of the coaches
wanted to show the students the college experience.

They showed up at the Bill Moore Tennis Center at 7 a.m. Falconi loved it.

"If I'm to go to school, this is it," she remembers thinking. She e-mailed
Shelton, thanked him for his time and then promptly changed plans.

Instead of going to college, as sister Stephanie did at Brown, Falconi decided
to try the pro tour. At a stop in July, when she was beaten by a college player,
Falconi realized she wasn't ready. She called home and told her mom that she
wanted to go to college.

Getting to Tech

But where to go? It was July. Many schools were starting in less than two
months. A friend asked if she had talked to Shelton.

Later that day Falconi fired off a no-pretense e-mail: "Dear Coach Shelton, how
have you been? It's been a year. Do you have a spot for this coming fall? I
really want to go to college. Thanks."

Shelton immediately responded: "We have one spot."

But Falconi had yet to finish her senior year. Somehow, she crammed two months
of school into two weeks and was admitted to Tech with a few days to spare.

"I'm very blessed to be in my position," Falconi said.

Shelton finally got to watch her play at the U.S. National Hard Court
Championships that August, where she reached the semifinals. During one of the
warm-ups, Falconi said she walked over to him and asked, "No regrets, right?"

No, Shelton said, he has no regrets.

Falconi played mostly in the No. 1 or 2 spots as a freshman before taking over
at the top spot this year, where she's unbeaten in her past 20 matches while
accumulating a 37-2 record.

She has a plan for the NCAAs and she expects to win. But "the Little Tiger"
isn't about pressure. She likes to keep things loose and fun on and off the
court. After the team lost to Ole Miss in the NCAA regionals that knocked Tech
out of a chance in the team championships, she was moved to take a teammate out
for her first Waffle House experience (Falconi loves the chocolate chip
waffles). They later went dancing with some other athletes.

"Spontaneity is what my tennis game is all about," Falconi said, "and what my
life is all about."

NCAA singles and doubles championships

When: Today through Monday.

Where: Dan Magill Tennis Complex, Athens.

Matches featuring local players:

Nadja Gilchrist, Georgia vs. Nadine Fahoum, Old Dominion, 10 a.m.

Chelsey Gullickson, Georgia vs. Martina Rubesova, Northwestern State, 11 a.m.

Irina Falconi, Georgia Tech vs. Jackie Wu, Vanderbilt, 12:30 p.m.

Guillermo Gomez, Georgia Tech vs. Moritz Baumann, Wisconsin, 1 p.m.

Javier Garrapiz, Georgia vs. Andrei Daescu, Oklahoma, 4:30 p.m.

Doubles begins May 27:

Gilchrist/Gullickson, Georgia vs. Beelen/Molnar, Iowa, TBA

Falconi/Krupina, Georgia Tech vs. Barte/Burdette, Stanford, TBA

More college tennis

* USC men, Stanford women win team championships. C4

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 15, 2009 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths ESSEX, WINFIELD SCOTT JR.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 311 words


ESSEX--Winfield Scott Jr.,known to his friends as "Skip", was the first trader
to have seats on both the New York and London Stock Exchanges. He was also a
professional white hunter in East Africa, a partner in Hunters Africa and had a
coffee farm in Rhodesia, before independence. He died suddenly February 20th at
his home in Wellington, FL where he lived with his fiancee, Helene Jackson
("Danny") Magill.

He was 66. Mr. Essex was an honorary member of the East African Professional
Hunters' Association, an organization in Kenya that governs big game hunting and
a partner in Philadelphia Investors in Pennsylvania. He was a member of the
Brook Club, the Racquet and Tennis Club, and the Holland Lodge all in New York
City and also the Racquet Club and Philadelphia Club in Philadelphia, PA. Mr.
Essex was admired for his impeccable dress, gourmet cooking, wit, intelligence,
and eye for the fairer sex. Mr. Essex grew up in Columbus, Ohio. He attended
Washington and Lee University and received his BA degree from the University of
North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Three children survive him from his first
marriage to Brenda Teagle Callaway: Lee Essex Doyle of Boston; Amanda Teagle
Essex of New York; and Winfield Scott III of Westport, Conn. He has a fourth
son, William David Scott Essex, of Dublin, Ireland, from his second marriage to
Victoria Thompson Essex. Survivors also include his brother Richard Essex and
his daughters Helena and Isabella of London and five grandchildren: India Lee
Doyle, Wyatt Addison Doyle, Hunter Scott Essex, Sydney Essex and Campbell Essex.
A toast to Mr. Essex will be held at the Brook Club in New York City on April
16th at 6pm. His ashes will be scattered over the plains of his beloved Botswana
by his family. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The David Sheldrick
Wildlife Trust, PO Box 15555, Nairobi, Kenya.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths ESSEX, WINFIELD SCOTT JR.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 311 words


ESSEX--Winfield Scott Jr.,known to his friends as "Skip", was the first trader
to have seats on both the New York and London Stock Exchanges. He was also a
professional white hunter in East Africa, a partner in Hunters Africa and had a
coffee farm in Rhodesia, before independence. He died suddenly February 20th at
his home in Wellington, FL where he lived with his fiancee, Helene Jackson
("Danny") Magill.

He was 66. Mr. Essex was an honorary member of the East African Professional
Hunters' Association, an organization in Kenya that governs big game hunting and
a partner in Philadelphia Investors in Pennsylvania. He was a member of the
Brook Club, the Racquet and Tennis Club, and the Holland Lodge all in New York
City and also the Racquet Club and Philadelphia Club in Philadelphia, PA. Mr.
Essex was admired for his impeccable dress, gourmet cooking, wit, intelligence,
and eye for the fairer sex. Mr. Essex grew up in Columbus, Ohio. He attended
Washington and Lee University and received his BA degree from the University of
North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Three children survive him from his first
marriage to Brenda Teagle Callaway: Lee Essex Doyle of Boston; Amanda Teagle
Essex of New York; and Winfield Scott III of Westport, Conn. He has a fourth
son, William David Scott Essex, of Dublin, Ireland, from his second marriage to
Victoria Thompson Essex. Survivors also include his brother Richard Essex and
his daughters Helena and Isabella of London and five grandchildren: India Lee
Doyle, Wyatt Addison Doyle, Hunter Scott Essex, Sydney Essex and Campbell Essex.
A toast to Mr. Essex will be held at the Brook Club in New York City on April
16th at 6 pm. His ashes will be scattered over the plains of his beloved
Botswana by his family. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The David
Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, PO Box 15555, Nairobi, Kenya.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths ESSEX, WINFIELD SCOTT JR.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 311 words


ESSEX--Winfield Scott Jr.,known to his friends as "Skip", was the first trader
to have seats on both the New York and London Stock Exchanges. He was also a
professional white hunter in East Africa, a partner in Hunters Africa and had a
coffee farm in Rhodesia, before independence. He died suddenly February 20th at
his home in Wellington, FL where he lived with his fiancee, Helene Jackson
("Danny") Magill.

He was 66. Mr. Essex was an honorary member of the East African Professional
Hunters' Association, an organization in Kenya that governs big game hunting and
a partner in Philadelphia Investors in Pennsylvania. He was a member of the
Brook Club, the Racquet and Tennis Club, and the Holland Lodge all in New York
City and also the Racquet Club and Philadelphia Club in Philadelphia, PA. Mr.
Essex was admired for his impeccable dress, gourmet cooking, wit, intelligence,
and eye for the fairer sex. Mr. Essex grew up in Columbus, Ohio. He attended
Washington and Lee University and received his BA degree from the University of
North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Three children survive him from his first
marriage to Brenda Teagle Callaway: Lee Essex Doyle of Boston; Amanda Teagle
Essex of New York; and Winfield Scott III of Westport, Conn. He has a fourth
son, William David Scott Essex, of Dublin, Ireland, from his second marriage to
Victoria Thompson Essex. Survivors also include his brother Richard Essex and
his daughters Helena and Isabella of London and five grandchildren: India Lee
Doyle, Wyatt Addison Doyle, Hunter Scott Essex, Sydney Essex and Campbell Essex.
A toast to Mr. Essex will be held at the Brook Club in New York City on April
16th at 6 pm. His ashes will be scattered over the plains of his beloved
Botswana by his family. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The David
Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, PO Box 15555, Nairobi, Kenya.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths ESSEX, WINFIELD SCOTT JR.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 311 words


ESSEX--Winfield Scott Jr.,known to his friends as "Skip", was the first trader
to have seats on both the New York and London Stock Exchanges. He was also a
professional white hunter in East Africa, a partner in Hunters Africa and had a
coffee farm in Rhodesia, before independence. He died suddenly February 20th at
his home in Wellington, FL where he lived with his fiancee, Helene Jackson
("Danny") Magill.

He was 66. Mr. Essex was an honorary member of the East African Professional
Hunters' Association, an organization in Kenya that governs big game hunting and
a partner in Philadelphia Investors in Pennsylvania. He was a member of the
Brook Club, the Racquet and Tennis Club, and the Holland Lodge all in New York
City and also the Racquet Club and Philadelphia Club in Philadelphia, PA. Mr.
Essex was admired for his impeccable dress, gourmet cooking, wit, intelligence,
and eye for the fairer sex. Mr. Essex grew up in Columbus, Ohio. He attended
Washington and Lee University and received his BA degree from the University of
North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Three children survive him from his first
marriage to Brenda Teagle Callaway: Lee Essex Doyle of Boston; Amanda Teagle
Essex of New York; and Winfield Scott III of Westport, Conn. He has a fourth
son, William David Scott Essex, of Dublin, Ireland, from his second marriage to
Victoria Thompson Essex. Survivors also include his brother Richard Essex and
his daughters Helena and Isabella of London and five grandchildren: India Lee
Doyle, Wyatt Addison Doyle, Hunter Scott Essex, Sydney Essex and Campbell Essex.
A toast to Mr. Essex will be held at the Brook Club in New York City on April
16th at 6 pm. His ashes will be scattered over the plains of his beloved
Botswana by his family. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The David
Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, PO Box 15555, Nairobi, Kenya.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 10, 2009 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths ESSEX, WINFIELD SCOTT JR.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 311 words


ESSEX--Winfield Scott Jr.,known to his friends as "Skip", was the first trader
to have seats on both the New York and London Stock Exchanges. He was also a
professional white hunter in East Africa, a partner in Hunters Africa and had a
coffee farm in Rhodesia, before independence. He died suddenly February 20th at
his home in Wellington, FL where he lived with his fiancee, Helene Jackson
("Danny") Magill.

He was 66. Mr. Essex was an honorary member of the East African Professional
Hunters' Association, an organization in Kenya that governs big game hunting and
a partner in Philadelphia Investors in Pennsylvania. He was a member of the
Brook Club, the Racquet and Tennis Club, and the Holland Lodge all in New York
City and also the Racquet Club and Philadelphia Club in Philadelphia, PA. Mr.
Essex was admired for his impeccable dress, gourmet cooking, wit, intelligence,
and eye for the fairer sex. Mr. Essex grew up in Columbus, Ohio. He attended
Washington and Lee University and received his BA degree from the University of
North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Three children survive him from his first
marriage to Brenda Teagle Callaway: Lee Essex Doyle of Boston; Amanda Teagle
Essex of New York; and Winfield Scott III of Westport, Conn. He has a fourth
son, William David Scott Essex, of Dublin, Ireland, from his second marriage to
Victoria Thompson Essex. Survivors also include his brother Richard Essex and
his daughters Helena and Isabella of London and five grandchildren: India Lee
Doyle, Wyatt Addison Doyle, Hunter Scott Essex, Sydney Essex and Campbell Essex.
A toast to Mr. Essex will be held at the Brook Club in New York City on April
16th at 6 pm. His ashes will be scattered over the plains of his beloved
Botswana by his family. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The David
Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, PO Box 15555, Nairobi, Kenya.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              March 8, 2009 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths ESSEX, WINFIELD SCOTT JR.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 311 words


ESSEX--Winfield Scott Jr.,known to his friends as "Skip", was the first trader
to have seats on both the New York and London Stock Exchanges. He was also a
professional white hunter in East Africa, a partner in Hunters Africa and had a
coffee farm in Rhodesia, before independence. He died suddenly February 20th at
his home in Wellington, FL where he lived with his fiancee, Helene Jackson
("Danny") Magill.

He was 66. Mr. Essex was an honorary member of the East African Professional
Hunters' Association, an organization in Kenya that governs big game hunting and
a partner in Philadelphia Investors in Pennsylvania. He was a member of the
Brook Club, the Racquet and Tennis Club, and the Holland Lodge all in New York
City and also the Racquet Club and Philadelphia Club in Philadelphia, PA. Mr.
Essex was admired for his impeccable dress, gourmet cooking, wit, intelligence,
and eye for the fairer sex. Mr. Essex grew up in Columbus, Ohio. He attended
Washington and Lee University and received his BA degree from the University of
North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Three children survive him from his first
marriage to Brenda Teagle Callaway: Lee Essex Doyle of Boston; Amanda Teagle
Essex of New York; and Winfield Scott III of Westport, Conn. He has a fourth
son, William David Scott Essex, of Dublin, Ireland, from his second marriage to
Victoria Thompson Essex. Survivors also include his brother Richard Essex and
his daughters Helena and Isabella of London and five grandchildren: India Lee
Doyle, Wyatt Addison Doyle, Hunter Scott Essex, Sydney Essex and Campbell Essex.
A toast to Mr. Essex will be held at the Brook Club in New York City on April
16th at 6 pm. His ashes will be scattered over the plains of his beloved
Botswana by his family. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The David
Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, PO Box 15555, Nairobi, Kenya.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 10, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

TEXAS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 56 words


No. 3 seed Justyna Gudzowska of Houston defeated unseeded Ellen McCance of
Westwood, Mass., 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 to win the Maureen Connolly Brinker Girls 14
Invitational tennis championships at the T Bar M Racquet Club in Dallas.
Gudzowska had defeated No. 1-seeded Laura Guignon of St. Louis 6-3, 2-6, 6-4 to
advance to the final.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 23, 1999, Sunday

Saddlebrook's dominant forces // Mhairi Brown has adapted very well to tennis as
Americans know it.

BYLINE: STEVE LEE

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 684 words

DATELINE: WESLEY CHAPEL



Watching Mhairi Brown charge the net and smash an overhand shot past a lunging
opponent, it is hard to believe she once played with a plastic racket and a foam
ball.

Brown began playing a game called short tennis, which is played on a badminton
court, in her hometown of Fife, Scotland, at the age of 9. That year, she won
the 12-and-under national championship.

Her reward was a real tennis racket.

"It's quite smart," Brown said of the precursor to tennis. "It's really popular
(in Scotland and the United Kingdom). And it's so much easier with the light
rackets."

Using a heavier tennis racket has proved to be quite smashing as well for Brown,
who won four tennis championships and was ranked fifth in the United Kingdom
before moving to Saddlebrook in the fall.

Her success story has unfolded into a Florida chapter and, soon, an Arizona
chapter. Brown was Saddlebrook's No. 1 player this season and has accepted a
scholarship to play at Arizona State.

Highly competitive by nature, Brown would have preferred closing out her only
high school season with a state championship. She lost in the Class 3A final to
Bradenton Academy's Sanela Kunovac, but she did share a state title by teaming
with Daniela Dessolis.

"After I lost my singles (match), I went out and played a lot better," Brown
said. "I didn't want to let Daniela down."

For being a Class 3A state finalist and a 3A doubles state champion, Brown is
the Times All-North Suncoast Girls Player of the Year.

The team concept of high school tennis came as something new to Brown, who came
up through the ranks as an individual playing tournaments. Playing for a team
had its pros and cons, she said.

"Individually, the success is really yours and the blame is all your own if you
don't win," said Brown, adding that she also relished sharing the
accomplishments of her teammates and supporting one another.

Training at Saddlebrook is another aspect Brown likes, saying the top-notch
facilities, which include a gym and well-kept courts, are a step above the few
courts available in her homeland. And, she said, who wouldn't enjoy playing
outdoors in the sunshine rather than driving for miles to find an indoor court
to get out of the rain.

"I love it here," Brown said.

While she dreams of one day playing tennis on the professional level, Brown's
immediate goals are to become more consistent and make it as ASU's third or
fourth player next season.

That determination stems from her willingness to pay the price in practice and a
never-ending will to win.

"I'm a firm believer that whoever is the most determined and strongest in the
head will win," Brown said. "I have a natural competitive spirit. I think it's
something in the Scottish blood. I just never want to give up."

That attitude is apparent on her dashes toward the net and her attacking style.

"Usually when I lose, it's because I haven't attacked enough."

ALL-NORTH SUNCOAST GIRLS TENNIS

PLAYER OF THE YEAR: Mhairi Brown, Saddlebrook.

COACH OF THE YEAR: Belinda Brown, Zephyrhills.

FIRST TEAM

Mhairi Brown, Sr., Saddlebrook: Class 3A state finalist, state doubles champion
and regional champion.

Cristina Lucin, Fr., Land O'Lakes: Unbeaten in regular season, district champion
in singles and doubles.

Courtney McInnis, Jr., Lecanto: GCAC player of the year, district and regional
champion.

Kerri Goldberg, Jr., River Ridge: District finalist who beat everyone in regular
season except Lucin.

Daniela Dessolis, Jr., Saddlebrook: 3A state doubles champion, district
champion.

HONORABLE MENTION

Central - Jennifer Ales, Jane MacDonald;

Citrus - Lauren Cornell; Gulf - Jordan Brown, Jannel Scolaro, Shelly Wiest;
Hernando - Megan Eppley, Jamie Joyce; Land O'Lakes - Sandra Hink, Katharina
Tiedemann, Tobi Turner; Lecanto - Mujiba Ansari, Sarah Blessing, Jessie Roberts,
Andrea Vicente; Ridgewood - Lauren Aguis; River Ridge - Sitha Mangipudy;
Saddlebrook - Joelle Good, Mayu Sato, Kristina Ribicic; Springstead - Michelle
Gimbel, Amy Kolbasiuk; Zephyrhills - DeeDee Castro, Jennifer Cracchiolo,
Courtney Dwyer, Melanie Hart.


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES; CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, BOBBY SANCHEZ; Mhairi Brown returns a shot for
Saddlebrook.

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           January 17, 2009 Saturday

Sundance today

LENGTH: 415 words


Once again, Harry O's on Main Street will have some of the biggest names in
music playing during Sundance. This year, however, all the shows are open to the
public. But there's a catch. Most shows are around $100 each. The lineup
includes the Cult, Macy Gray, TI, Cee-lo and Big Boi, Robin Thicke, Camp Freddy
featuring Dave Navarro (Jane's Addiction), Billy Gibbons (ZZ Top) and Mark
McGrath (Sugar Ray) and others. A big rumor is that Ozzy Osbourne may play, but
that show has not yet been confirmed. Sundance online When actor Morgan Freeman
learned his local high school still held separate proms -- one for black
students, one for white -- he offered to pay for a single prom that both could
attend. A Sundance documentary chronicles the event. Sundance films

Today in Park City

"Boy Interrupted," 8:30 a.m., Holiday Village Cinema III

"The Glass House," 8:30 a.m., Prospector Square Theatre

"Humpday," 8:30 a.m., Racquet Club Theatre

"Rudo y Cursi," 8:30 a.m., Library Center Theatre

"Brooklyn's Finest," 9 a.m., Eccles Theater

"Art & Copy," 9:15 a.m., Holiday Village Cinema IV

"Thriller in Manila," 11:30 a.m., Prospector Square Theatre

"The Clone Returns Home," noon, Egyptian Theater

"The September Issue," noon, Temple Theatre

"Burma VJ," 11:30 a.m., Holiday Village Cinema III

"Amreeka," 12:15 p.m., Eccles Theater

"William Kunstler," 2:30 p.m., Holiday Village Cinema III

"The Maid," 3 p.m., Egyptian Theater

"Over the Hills and Far Away," 3 p.m., Temple Theatre

"The Greatest," 3:15 p.m., Eccles Theater

"Let's Make Money," 3:15 p.m., Holiday Village Cinema IV

"Cold Souls," 5:15 p.m., Racquet Club Theatre

"Victoria Day," 6 p.m., Egyptian Theater

"500 Days of Summer," 6:15 p.m., Eccles Theater

"The Queen and I," 6:15 p.m., Holiday Village Cinema IV

"Paper Heart," 8 p.m., Racquet Club Theatre

"Prom Night in Mississippi," 8:30 p.m., Holiday Village Cinema III

"Zion and His Brother," 9 p.m., Egyptian Theater

"Spread," 9:15 p.m., Eccles Theater

"Big River Man," midnight, Holiday Village Cinema IV

"When You're Strange," 9 p.m., Temple Theatre

"Toe to Toe," 9:30 p.m., Redstone Cinemas

Today in Salt Lake City

"Unmade Beds," 12:45 p.m., Broadway Cinema V

"The Anarchist's Wife," 3:30 p.m., Rose Wagner Center

"Afghan Star," 3:45 p.m., Broadway Cinema V

"Mary and Max," 6:30 p.m., Rose Wagner Center

"Boy Interrupted," 9:45 p.m., Broadway Cinema V

"Push," noon, Broadway Cinema VI

"Thriller in Manila," 9 p.m., Broadway Cinema VI

"Humpday," 9 p.m., Tower Theatre

"Lulu and Jimi," 10:30 p.m., Broadway Cinema IV

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 11, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

PENNSYLVANIA

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 42 words


Terry Hassell of West Chester, pro at Merion Cricket Club in Haverford, defeated
Ed Manning, pro at Cherry Hill Racquet Club, 6-1, 6-0 to win the South Jersey
35-and-over men's tennis singles championship at Mount Laurel (N.J.) Tennis
Club.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            January 10, 2006 Tuesday
                                Michigan Edition

Community tennis association active year-round;
Club plans free Saturday clinic at ND's Eck Pavilion

BYLINE: By JULIE FERRARO, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 481 words


In the middle of winter, the idea of playing tennis might be the furthest thing
from your mind.

Because of the network created by the South Bend Community Tennis Association,
however, playing tennis can be a year-round activity.

Better yet, those who may never have played tennis have an opportunity to learn
more about the sport at the SBCTA's second annual Tennis Clinic on Saturday at
the Eck Pavilion on the University of Notre Dame campus.

The clinic is free and open to all age groups and all skill levels, according to
Cathy Ficks of Niles, a member of the SBCTA. "We're trying to get grass-roots
players," she explained, meaning newcomers to tennis are most welcome. "We're
trying to get people excited about tennis."

The prospect of investing in a tennis racquet might deter some from attending
the clinic, but even that obstacle has been eliminated. Rackets will be
available to use during the clinic, SBCTA member Dan Kovas confirmed.

Tennis pros from area clubs, such as the South Bend Racquet Club and Lakeland
Athletic Club in Niles, will be present at the clinic to help participants
improve their skills. Two players from the Notre Dame tennis team will be on
each court as well to answer questions and demonstrate techniques.

"Notre Dame has been a huge supporter of the clinic," Kovas stated.

Such cooperation between area clubs and tennis teams is a long-standing
tradition, Kovas pointed out.

The South Bend Community Tennis Association grew out of that networking, focused
both on supporting local tournaments and starting new programs.

As part of the United States Tennis Association, the SBCTA is about "growing
tennis by increasing participation," said Kovas. In recent years, the group
initiated an after-school tennis program in conjunction with the South Bend
Community School Corp. and the Boys and Girls Clubs of St. Joseph County. A
"team tennis" program was developed, too, bringing neighborhood teams together
to play.

"We want to open up tennis to everybody," Kovas said.

A nonprofit organization, the SBCTA holds events at a variety of locations
throughout the year, Ficks commented. Their fundraising gala takes place in the
spring, with much of those funds going toward providing equipment and
instruction for people who cannot afford it, but want to play tennis.

Another effort is in place, inspired by a USTA program, which instructs physical
education teachers so they can, in turn, teach their students to play tennis,
aided by racquets donated to the schools, noted Kovas.

With that in mind, the tennis clinic Saturday at Notre Dame's Eck Pavilion runs
from 9:30 a.m. to noon. Youngsters under age 18 will have time on the courts
between 9:30 and 10:30, with adults taking their turn from 10:30 to 11:30.

For more information, contact the South Bend Racquet Club at (574) 277-1000, the
Lakeland Athletic Club at (269) 684-8030, or e-mail: southbendcta@yahoo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            May 16, 2001, Wednesday

Women's squad is in familiar territory

BYLINE: NANCY MORGAN

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; TENNIS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 916 words



The senior women's 4.0 team at Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club will make
its third consecutive appearance in the USTA Florida Section State Championships
this weekend.

The Racquet Club's 3.5 men's squad will play in the tournament for the first
time.

In both cases, the teams qualified by defeating competition in their respective
divisions. Treasure Island was unbeaten in its class, and the Racquet Club won a
playoff.

"We're basically the same team as in times past," said Patti Prestera, Treasure
Island captain. "In the last two years at state, we haven't gotten to the
semifinal round, but we've been close. This time, though, we hope to do better
and get farther."

Seven players will represent Treasure Island. In the regular season, Prestera
and Susan Hobbs played No. 1. At state, Sharon Carlile will share the position.
Rounding out the other two doubles positions are Carol Hancock and Lynn Klein
and Ann Worthington and Joan Plaster.

"Although we've played with the same partners most of the time in the senior
league, we are partners with others in other leagues," Prestera said. "We're
lucky in that respect. Because of that, we can shift around and play well with
about anyone else on the team."

That same philosophy has been successful for the Racquet Club's team of senior
men.

"It's worked out pretty well to keep our set partners," captain Marshall Craig
said. "For the last few weeks, we've been practicing extra and have been coached
by Janet Newberry. She's helped us a lot with strategy and emphasized some key
points for us. Having her help us has definitely raised our level of
confidence."

Newberry, a former professional in the 1970s, was ranked as high as 17th in the
world and won the 1977 Italian Open.

Only Steve Uebel and Ray Cianci have participated on a Racquet Club squad that's
made it all the way to nationals.

"Two years ago, our team advanced to nationals and the experience from that is
definitely good to have," Uebel said. "If we can all go to state and not get
overwhelmed by the experience, we could do all right."

Uebel and Tony Damouny plays No. 1 for the Racquet Club. Complementary styles of
play and a sense of knowing what the other is going to do have resulted in
success for the duo.

Cianci and Tom Stewart are the No. 2 team, followed by Bob Steel and Don
Campagne at No. 3. Craig and Russ Barlow are relied on for filling in when and
where needed.

Treasure Island is competing in a field of 14 squads that is divided into three
flights. Assigned to a flight of five teams, Treasure Island is scheduled to
play Tallahassee and Rockledge on Friday, followed by weekend matches with
Plantation and Ft. Myers.

The Racquet Club is in a flight of five squads among a total of 13 in the 3.5
division. Matches against Naples and Palm Beach Gardens on Friday will be
followed by contests with Stuart and Cocoa Beach.

In both cases, the winner in each of the three flights will join the
second-place team with the best overall record in the semifinals. Championship
matches are scheduled for Monday. The  competition will be at Naples Bath and
Tennis Club.

ADULT CLASSIC: St. Petersburg's Ed Jagger, after upsetting top-seeded Mark
Taylor 6-0, 6-3 in the Royal Adult Tennis Classic, defeated Matt Bydalik 6-1,
6-1 in the men's 30-and-over division.

Men's 50 top seed Bill Christensen of Clearwater stalled the challenge of St.
Petersburg's Sergei Novikov with a 7-5, 6-4 final win.

JUNIORS SUPER SERIES: Marc Sawyer of Largo defended his 16-and-under division
top seeding in the Pre-Summer Super Series this month at East Lake Woodlands.

Advancing to the final round of competition were Austin Kondor, boys 10;
Nicholas Berning, 14; Tim Shadrick, 18; and Bugsy Bauer, girls 18.

Area doubles winners included Berning and Alec Vuckovic (14), Bauer and Monica
Sly (16) and Anastasia Sokolova and Evangelina Soriano (18).

USA TEAM FOR JUNIORS: Registration for summer USA Junior Team Tennis continues
through June 8. Contact Sam Vuille, 867-9105, or Deborah Tuthill, 866-8434.

Teams of 4-6 coed players will participate in the Red, White or Blue divisions
according to junior rating guidelines. The cost per player is $ 60, which
includes six weeks of practice and match play along with eligibility to compete
in the Red Rally for beginners July 21-22 in Tampa or the state tournament, July
27-29 in Lakeland.

Matches begin the week of June 11. League sponsorships are available to help
defray the cost of the league. Contact Vuille or Tuthill.

NET NOTES: An Adult Tennis League is underway at St. Petersburg Country Club for
players in levels 2.5 and higher. At least six courts are filled for men's,
women's and mixed doubles action Tuesday and Thursday mornings and Wednesday
evenings. For information, contact SPCC, 867-9105. The South Pinellas Ladies
Doubles League started this month with teams from SPCC, Seminole Lake Tennis
Center and Treasure Island Golf, Tennis and Recreation Center competing. Tennis
camps are available at Treasure Island Tennis and Yacht Club. Call 367-4511.

COMING UP: The Suncoast Tennis Singles meets Sunday at Crescent Oaks. Call
Carolyn, (813) 920-1418. A state-sanctioned junior singles tournament begins
Saturday at Seminole Lake Tennis Center. Call Krishnan Anandan, 394-1733, today.
The  Charity Tennis Tournament to benefit the Morton Plant Mease Hospital Powell
Pavilion is May 25-28 at East Lake Woodlands. Call  785-2212 to enter the
doubles-only competition.


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company
